“Well, now,” announced the carter, one hand flinging someway over the horse’s ears, “it looks t’ me what we have oncoming is a Kappathon which, my little miss, we define as a bloody great number o’ pits in the road. I propose, here-to-fore, that y’ contrive to hold on tight, missy. So as not to fall, ‘course. In this wise.”

On his lap, the Lampad known in circles (of Hell) as Clownpiece saw her wrist caught and her petite hand laid flat on the old man’s trousered knee. Quite seriously, she nodded her head, grasping the other knobbly knee by herself. The carter had warned they had been looking down at least a mile’s rough stretch, and Clownpiece hardly had braced herself when the cart’s squeaky wheels struck the first bump. A startled “Wah!” squeezed out of her throat, much to the human’s chortled glee. He wound an arm round her tiny waist… securing her, as it happened, atop a different bump altogether.

“Careful, careful, missy,” she felt his chest rumble against the back of her de-hatted head. “Hold tight, a’ight?”

The Lampad nipped her bottom lip. In deference to Gensokyo’s summer heat, she’d swapped out her favourite tights, opting instead for the similarly patterned thigh-highs that’d been her Master’s Friend’s gift and a pair of sheer, black panties with a cute heart on the front – which had been her Master’s. Now her barely covered groin was sending up rather unambiguous messages about her seat.

“… Thanks, mister,” she mumbled, nudging her butt back and forth for comfort.

The carter sniffed with false modesty. “Always glad to help a… young lady out, yes ma’am. Can’t let one walk alone out ‘ere, can I now?”

A tiny, so far doused piece of Clownpiece’s ego flared hellish red. A lot of folks back home who’d attempted pampering a Lampad had ended up a Kishin’s overtime, but… right here and now, Clownpiece remembered where she was. On a rickety horse-cart bound for Gensokyo’s human settlement at the moment, sure – but, moreover, where Clownpiece was, was on a mission. A mission from her Master’s Friend which, given their concordance these days, could as good have come from Clownpiece’s Master herself. And, as another pothole joggled her butt on her carter’s lap, she clutched the thought to forestall it falling out.

Yes. That morning she had sensed and raced to meet her Master and her Friend as they’d breached Gensokyo and the Dream World’s boundary. If they’d descended together, then, the Lampad had reasoned, the day of Gensokyo’s hecatomb must have been at hand. She’d sighed like a shrine maiden and stamped like an Oni once she’d heard the Master’s Friend had merely meant to have a talk with the Moon’s whilom Sage, now resident of a healing place deep within Gensokyo’s bamboo forests. In a red-and-purple doublet with puffy sleeves, the Sage may have been a match for the Friend – whose own severe dress had gone out of Hell’s fashion at the same time as burning pitch – but boring beyond imagination otherwise. The occasional sardonic tone taken by Clownpiece’s Master in the course had betrayed she, too, had found the whole occasion tiresome; and, in a pointed fact, not half an hour into the meet, she had taken Clownpiece out to seek diversions elsewhere in the clinic while her Friend had conducted the talks by herself.

And one they had found: in the form of an out-of-the-way room where a man with a leg in a plaster cast had been idling the day away in a messy bed. With a grin and a jaunty air, Clownpiece’s Master had insinuated herself into the patient’s graces; within minutes, she’d had him confiding of the staff’s harsh bedside manner and tantalising dress code. One more, and she’d been skinning his hospital slacks down to his knees.

Clownpiece had looked on, almost as giddy as the broken-legged man himself, how her Master had deftly stroked his penis from a soggy cucumber to a full, hard mast – badmouthing all the while those vile nurses who had neglected a patient’s basic needs. And then, no sooner than it’d been prepared, she had drawn her short, red hair behind an ear – wetted her lips with her tongue – and gently introduced them to the head of the man’s now swollen and ready penis. He’d thrown back his head and gasped his shocked pleasure as the Master’s mouth had slid lower and lower down his unattended shaft – until her nose’d been stuffed in his overgrown pubes, and Clownpiece might see his sturdy girth bulging her Master’s throat.

There had been a desperate, sideward glance once her Master had begun hauling her lips back up the man’s length, sucking and giggling; and Clownpiece couldn’t resist the prankster’s call to yank her shirt up and show off the tiny Lampad’s titties that’d driven creatures far mightier than mankind drooling with lust. To her stunned and not a little dejected surprise, he’d given her tiny weapons of mass destruction a blank stare. Then his attention had been hooked again by her Master, who’d caught the mischief in a corner of her eye – let the penis pop out of her mouth – and proceeded to disrobe her own, loose, trademark top. Huge (compared to Clownpiece’s, anyway), round, with perky nipples the colour of ripe cherries and the golden chain hugged between them, the Master’s breasts – which’d stopped not one and not two drunken brawls dead in their punches back in Hell – had been unleashed on the poor, lame human’s eyes. He hadn’t long to be mesmerised. The Master had scarcely given Clownpiece a dirty look when her lips were once more all over the patient’s dick: pecking kisses, sucking and dragging her tongue along its erect length.

He’d been flushed, throbbing, slathered in spit and man-juice by the time Clownpiece’s Master had relented and climbed the bed to kneel astride the man’s waist. She’d smiled an Oni’s smile, pinched the edge of and then lifted her motley skirt. There’d been nothing underneath that skirt but Clownpiece’s Master and her neatly trimmed womanhood. The Lampad hadn’t seen her Master slip her underwear off, but there it’d been: a patch of hair as red as the one atop her head and a set of pristine, pink labia ensconced between a pair of thighs that’d once danced through seven nights straight and never foundered. The Master had snuck her fingers down to her denuded crotch, spreading her plump petals, poised to wrap them around and slide them down the patient’s hard, precum-slick dick. He’d cottoned on quick to the suggestion in her raunchy grin and steadied his flexing manhood for easier insertion.

Slowly, savouring the adultery, Clownpiece’s Master had lowered her hips… and then remembered the still very present and very much gawping Lampad.

“Ah, Clownpiece?” she’d said, all Master-like – as if they’d been back in Hell and she’d been about to knock off an Oni’s horns. “Could you go and… cause a bit of a ruckus outdoors? Master is going to taste this nice gentleman’s cock with her lower mouth now, and she’d ill enjoy one of those baaad nurses interrupting before she’s sampled every inch. Yes? Atta girl.”

Clownpiece had beamed and pumped a fist. “Hell yeah!”

The Lampad hadn’t waited her Master’s moaned “Oh, yeahhh—” (nor the pursuing “Oh Hades, that hits the spot…!”) to storm out and execute the command.

The execution, itself a story for the cups, had seen Clownpiece wreak havoc in the clinic’s surrounds – ultimately to be swarmed by the Sage’s rabbits and brought before her Master’s Friend who, in the purity of her heart, had granted the rampaging Lampad forgiveness… as well as this, her current mission. And so, Clownpiece had quit the Sage’s bamboo forest to roam the humans’ blooming and fruiting farmlands. In no time, she’d spotted her prey – dimmed her wings like the Sage had magnanimously instructed – and hitched herself a covert ride to – and with luck into – the Human Village.

It was the perfect plan. No need for the Three Stumblebums of Light and their fancy-schmancy luminomancy; a pinch of the old Eighth Circle style, and Clownpiece was well underway to her goal. The bumps notwithstanding.

That was a lie. One of them definitely was withstanding and stubbornly rubbing the front of Clownpiece’s heart-print panties. Worse because, in marriage with the thick, brawny arm strapping in her waist and the recentness of her Master’s sexy prank, a slimy stain was slowly darkening the black silk. The Lampad smacked a palm over her mouth, the cart’s turbulence jogging her up and down on the driver’s bulge. That time, she felt it spread her through the thin panties.

“Hoof,” chuffed the man over the wheels’ screaking. “This’s rough ridin’. Holding on fine, missy?”

Clownpiece wasn’t. In reality Clownpiece was clutching the man’s knee with but one urgent hand while sliding the other down between her thighs to move the panties out of the way. It wouldn’t do to ruin her Master’s gift; she would sooner condemn the man’s trousers and ride bareback than have to plead with the Master’s Friend to wash her underwear on the quiet. The rough, peasant fabric scratched her bared, wet fairyhood, but no longer than her juices soaking and slickening the bumpy seat. Clownpiece gritted her teeth, squishing her crotch into the protuberance, its peak snagging and rubbing her stiff clitty. The pits in the road turned their coats: swapping out annoyance for poking and grinding the Lampad’s privates on the carter’s bulge. The human, while he may have grunted amusement at her squeaked exclamations, didn’t seem to note at all his clothes growing damp with fairy juice.

Until he did. Startling Clownpiece half to Hell, the man let go of her small, aroused body to dig his long, manly fingers under her leaky privates. Tough and coarse, they knuckled the Lampad’s hairless mons in their questing beneath her wet crotch. That, however, was not their first nor even the intended aim. The man’s until now contained, fully erect cock – was. The driver scooped it out of his trousers: stiff, pungent and veinier than a forearm; without the support of his hand, which was fast returned to Clownpiece’s waist, it leaned back to rest against the Lampad’s tummy. Almost passing her bellybutton, it was even longer and lustier than the patient’s whom her Master had chosen to give the Hellish work-out. Spooning its fat, hairy base, the Lampad’s vagina squeezed in frightened, horny surprise.

The cart shuddered upon another hole in the road; so too did Clownpiece, once the motion mashed her erect clitty into the cock’s rugged shaft. Shock and pleasure at once crushed her thigh-high-wrapped legs close, confining the penis in a snug triangle of silky thighs and bare, fairy pussy. Another series of humps in the rural road, and he would enjoy an unsolicited smooch from the Lampad’s inner lips. This time around, her voice trumped her self-control. A very unhappily happy Clownpiece slumped against the human’s broad, hardened chest, mumbling.

The driver jerked the reins, and the horse clopped to a hesitant stop.

“… So,” he murmured into the Lampad’s blushed ear. “Shall we put it in, missy – for safety, ‘course?”

Clownpiece fumed, glaring at the hard, chubby cock nestled between her thighs. “… That’s not safety,” she huffed. “That’s sex.”

“Safety sex,” purred the man – insofar as a man may purr. “Safer with it inside you than ridin’ precariously atop. Yeah? Third point o’ support an’ all that tosh.”

Clownpiece squelched her face. He had… some kind of right. Moreover, the Master’s Friend had been unambiguous in her instructions; this was a secret mission for a clever fairy who raised no unneeded fuss. More-moreover, that cock looked something straight out of Hell…

Gulping, the Lampad stood up on the cart’s footrest, soft-kneed from the jostling and unwilling stimulation. Giddier than a village boy glimpsing her titties, she reached between her wobbly thighs while, behind, the spry old driver tucked the back of her top into her shifted panties for, it had to be presumed, a better view of her fairy derriere. A string of thick, gooey love-juice dripped from her crotch when, emulating her Master, Clownpiece stretched out her fairyhood’s sopping entrance. It pattered on the human’s mucky shoes. He pitched in his part, notwithstanding: one paddle hand on the Lampad’s tight butt, the other rolling the foreskin down from his tip and pushing it up to Clownpiece’s volunteered opening.

“There’s a real good girl,” he praised.

Then, tantalising her with the care, his cock a stiff guide, he ushered the little Lampad’s ass back onto his lap.

Straight away, she was grateful to be facing the horse rather than the man; from the moment his glans passed between her slick labia, until it was crammed up to the mouth of her womb, Clownpiece’s belly was taut from excitement. Teeth clinched, eyes rolled up at the sky, the Lampad settled again on her bumpy seat: palms on the man’s knees, butt stuffed into his waist and her trembling pussy transfixed on his hard cock. He’d known just what to do, the old creep; by exposing his gross cock-head, he’d ensured for himself not only a full, unhindered tour of a Lampad’s wet vagina but also that his wide ridge would scrape and rub on all of Clownpiece’s most vulnerable places. The results were explicit: his engorged cock throbbed with vigour under her bellybutton while his shaggy pubes swamped with the Lampad’s gushing fairy-lube. His veiny girth nudged and crowded her G-spot simply by tensing inside her.

In her swooning, blond head, a thought fluttered up above the rest: Hell yeahhh…

Mounted up, caught up in the sensation of a hard, human penis deep inside of her, she all but missed the driver’s caution of, “Cosy there, missy? Goin’ on then,” and the smacking of reins on the horse’s rump.

Clownpiece squealed as the cart lurched onward, tiny digits clutching the man’s undone trousers, pussy hugging his already crowded hard-on from peak to base. The first pothole wrenched the cart, sharp as Hell’s own basalt crags. It didn’t bounce her up and down as either she or the driver may have hoped; rather, it jarred her butt atop the man’s lap, stirring her vagina and pushing his stiffness at her sensitive walls at lip-biting angles. A second pit thundered by; this one jolted her forward, halfway off the man’s slippery cock. Clownpiece scrambled to fix it: thrusting her hips, screwing her deprived pussy back down his sloping length, until his glans was once again kissing her cervix. No chance for trickery lost, the clever Lampad slacked her grip on the human’s knees, so that the tragic, sexy accident repeated for sure.

So too it did; and Clownpiece spooked near out of her clothes once the gruff man took it upon himself to slam his cock back up her soaked, quivering fairyhood. The jolt of pleasure from her battered G-spot curled her toes inside her thigh-highs. Too very soon for payback, another ditch in the road shook them on the bench. The driver snapped off an oath, cracking the reins, gasping as his fat tool slipped out first then topped up the Lampad’s unresisting vagina. Clownpiece moaned herself, thighs quaking, every meaty inch come inside of her a duel to the orgasm for her weak spots. Swooning, shunting the Master’s Friend’s mission aside just for now, the most loyal of the Lampads gave herself in to the stiff, human cock raising Hell under her womb.

She climaxed not three minutes later, the steady Kappathon and frantic reinsertions too much for her over-teased, overstuffed pussy.

Sensing her childish body squirm, the driver spread-eagled Clownpiece’s legs – right on cue for a spray of squirt and pee from her flushed, cumming privates. Clownpiece tinkled over the footrest’s edge, warm fairy extract splashing the horse’s hooves, while she twitched and panted and wrung around the cock still buried up to its root in her vagina and impeding her orgasm. Then again, the very idea of him sliding it out of her now vised her dainty hands on the man’s knees. Her feet pointed out, seized by the hitching throes of her orgasm.

Mmm, buuut, thought Clownpiece, recalling her Master’s keenness to fuck the bedridden local. It really was as she’d said. Sex with country humans is the bessst…

“… Aaah,” wheezed a rustic voice behind her ear. “Y’ fairies always cream youselfs so quick. Cutest thing on this dun earth, it is.”

Had she not been already emptying her bladder, Clownpiece might have now. How in Hell had he…? Were her wings shining? Cumming as she still was from the bumpy sex, it was everything she could do to give him a helpless, sidelong scowl.

“Hhai,” she slurred, “am not a faiwiee… hnnkay?”

The driver sniggered, pulling at her collar for a peek of her amazing, mass-destructive titties. They were plump on ends, swollen up by her palpitating orgasm. “An’ I,” countered the man, ogling her enlarged nipples, “am Kochiya’s Wednesday shag. Naw, missy. Children doesn’t stray so far from town, much less by their lone selves. An’ these togs? Could be you’re a youkai… ‘cept then we drat well wouldn’t be havin’ us this converse. Or, I reckon, y’ could be a nice, cute fairy after some sugar and a free pass into town. Where I’m touchin’, well… tells me a half of that story.”

The Lampad mulled, writhing, feeling the aforesaid touch deep inside where fairies made, if not sugar, then certainly their honey. “… Thennn,” she determined, words tumbling off her tongue, “I am a cute fairee…?”

There was a long chuff of homegrown machismo. It gusted down Clownpiece’s stretched-out collar, tickling her puffy nipples. “Tell you what in that then case, miss fairy,” proposed the carter. “How’s about I smuggle y’ past the gate watch? No dogs sicked, easy as you like. In return… you’ll keep this uncle’s penis from gettin’ lonely the whole ride. Good?”

What could she do? Clownpiece bobbed her fluffy head, finished peeing, shuddered out of the encroaching afterglow and prepared to be the nice, cute fairy who loved nothing more than bouncing up and down and having orgasms atop old men’s laps.

Two. That was how many she managed to have – one from said bouncing, the other from jockeying around and mashing her clitty into the driver’s groin – before he turned her about face and tugged her top over their coupled privates. The town gates were in sight and, advised the driver, if Clownpiece wished in then she would still and “zip up that moaning mouth.” Nettled, Clownpiece nonetheless did as told. A sentry in a buffed leather jerkin waved them to halt with the aid of an amulet-plastered truncheon. He eyed the flushed, sweat-sheened Lampad, but dropped the leer once the driver introduced her as “Sei-chan, my niece.” Something droned from under the sentry’s nose about checking the rear for nasties hitchhiking, and he rounded the cart to prod under the canvas pall.

Which was when, thrilling her neck to toes, the driver leaned in to whisper in her ear.

“Tighten your cunt an’ don’t make a peep, missy.”

All the rubbish about smuggling and nieces proved at once paper-thin deceptions. Grasping them by the wobbly hips and drawing them off their hidden erections was not usually something uncles did with their nieces. Nor did then brusquely hilting the same erection back inside a fairy you meant to convey unseen into a town look seriously prudent. Still and all, Clownpiece bottled up her escaping voice as the man slid out then re-sheathed himself up to the swollen testicles inside the Lampad’s clamping pussy. One stroke, two strokes, three… and then, at the strike of the fourth, with an apish grunt, he came.

In broad daylight, in the middle of a thoroughfare, with her cervix pressed to the old man’s glans, Clownpiece stuck on an innocuous smile. Meanwhile, below, her fairy womb filled up with his virile, human seed. The driver’s cock pulsed like Hell’s geysers, each fervent tremor gushing more hot sperm into the Lampad’s baby-room. Well, not as such. Lampads could not make babies; her Master had taught Clownpiece that… but the thought was a heady one to have while pretending to be inseminated.

“Stowaways absent,” quipped the sentry, shuffling in beside them. “Good to go, sir.”

Clownpiece heard the old man suck in a breath. “… Gracious,” he rasped, vowels like strained gravel. “Good lad, there. Hrk. So long.”

“Ha. Too long, sir.”

Croaking non-committally, the driver snapped the reins with one unsteady hand. He was still ejaculating, doing his best to impregnate the little blond fairy, even as the cart trundled off down the street.

Several minutes had to elapse for his overly spry cock to quit throbbing, by which time Clownpiece’s smile felt frayed on her face. And then, above the band of her offensively drenched panties, she could feel the man’s voluminous load ballooning her belly. It wasn’t to stay there long. The driver, having sniffed out her weakness, would propose they scrape it out – using the obvious tool – in the hay loft of the place where he rested his horse. And Clownpiece would mistrustfully agree. There were some crates, to hear him tell it, and so they could try a technique called “missionary style.”

He did, amazingly, manage to scoop out some of the white gunk he’d pumped inside the Lampad’s wet fairyhood… right before stumbling and replenishing it with twice the amount.

Afterwards, a groggy, overfed-feeling Clownpiece left the driver to tend his fatigued beast. The Sun dangled in the cloudless sky outside, a high noon raining Hell on the trodden cobbles below. It had taken a tougher dance, but… she was where she needed to be at last. The mission resumed – side-lined, maybe, but never forgotten. A Lampad’s head was, after all, much roomier than a common fairy’s. Although hers was mostly fuzz right then, Clownpiece skulked the streets of the Human Village, purposeful.

All which she had to figure now was how get the Master’s Friend the shaved ice she wanted with no money to her name.
There isn’t any secret to brewing English tea.

Teas of all other kinds have little touches and particular ceremony that you have to go through to get it “right”. With English tea, all you need to do is brew it in the tool – or in the bag, if you’re lower class – and that’s all. After that everything is preference. The Mistress likes type B blood added to hers, and the Younger Mistress likes that too. Lady Patchouli likes just fewer than two scoops of sugar and for a bit over a third of the cup to be warm milk. Miss Meiling doesn’t like English tea.

Miss Reimu likes...

“Hot milk... and... one scoop,” I speak to myself while preparing the cup. “Mixed at once... and a small spoon of cream.”

I set the spoon down and look into the cup. It’s an even, pale cinnamon color—it’s perfect.

... My shoulders sink, and I turn my head to look at the cabinets, and at the shining tools hanging inside them, glinting through the glass fitted in the doors. They are thin, silver rods and straight, double-ended spoons, and under those are the rounder, kind of bowl-like cups. I turn my head away, my hair sways, and I sigh, miserable. I can’t bring myself to try it on her out of nowhere. Mmm... I can’t just stand around... I take the teacup and place it on a saucer. I lift both, and walk out of the Library’s tea corner.

Miss Reimu hears me while I’m walking over; my shoes fall pretty sharply on the stone floors, not covered by red carpets. She calls, “Natsumi, thanks.”

I quicken my pace just a little bit, seeing the bow behind her hair first before she looks over the back of the couch she’s sitting on to lay her eyes on me. While tapping on the little table beside the armrest, she says, “Don’t trip.” I stop, and look into the cup. “Hahaha! Seriously?”

... I keep hurrying over.

When I get there, I set the cup down on the small table next to the armrest.

“Here you are,” I say, speaking definitely too quietly, “please take your time.”

Miss Reimu replies with a quick and firm, “Sit down next to me—come on.”

I step over and sit next to her, slouching with my hands on my knees. She looks at me flatly, then pokes me slowly against my left temple through my hair. At once I lift my hands, and my mouth wobbles.

“That...” she mutters, “way!” Pushing me full on, she’s telling me to face the other way on the couch: to face the other armrest. I get off my shoes, put my feet onto the couch where she asked, and hug my legs.

She turns to her teacup, takes it, and leans into my back. “Haaa...” she sighs. I hear – and feel – her take her first gulp. “Delicious!”

She starts finishing it quickly. I look down at my toes.

“... The Mistress sure is taking long,” I say.

“Huh? Remilia?” Miss Reimu asks, glancing over her shoulder. I feel her swallow from her cup.

“Aren’t you here for Mistress Remilia, Miss Reimu?” I ask her.

She must be shaking her head, because I can feel her ponytail swishing over my neck. The sensation warms me up, and I grip the sides of my shorts.

“... Lady Patchouli?” I guess.

Another gulp reverberates through my back.

“What?” she asks. I think she’s finished. I grab the handkerchief from my chest pocket and unfold it, turning halfway and pushing the cloth to her mouth. She frowns as I wipe tea and milk off of her face. When I finish I turn back and start folding it again. “... Do I have to remind you that you’re a kid again?” Miss Reimu says, starting to turn around. I flinch and freeze, my handkerchief now mostly stuffed into my vest. I shake my head, but she grabs my sides and starts moving her fingers over them relentlessly.

“M-Miss Reimu! You’re... You’re still very young, so...!” While I try to explain myself, she flips me over and starts tickling me full on.

“What, is that something Sakuya taught you? ‘You have to baby children’?” I nod while being forced to smile and trying not to laugh. “You’re five years younger than me, Natsumi! And don’t forget: you’re still ticklish!”

Despite myself, the smile on my face turns genuine.

I think Miss Reimu is the only person who comes to the mansion who remembers I'm a kid.

A chill fires through me, scaring up the hair over my eyes for a second.

I can see it...! Through her collar...!

It’s summer after all. I already knew she does this...! I saw this last week, too...!

Miss Reimu doesn’t wear the uniform of a shrine maiden. She wears a cute and short top, with a pretty collar. Her sleeves are just sleeves, hung from her arms. Her skirt is short (but not the shortest) but anyway—!

Because it’s summer, when you look down her collar, or through the openings for her arms.

When you do that...!

I can see her nipples!

I grabbed Miss Reimu’s wrists and stopped her. Now she’s looking at me through her auburn bangs and she looks worried. I’m worried! I got aroused from that, and my crotch is swelling up...!

“Uh, did I hurt you?” Miss Reimu asks me, obviously concerned. Now I start to panic, I shake my head rapidly, eyes fixed on her chest through her collar. Reimu’s skin is a little dark from a tan, but her.... boobs... are pale, and those are pi... pi-pi— “What are you looking at? I can’t tell because of that dumb hair of yours.”

She reaches toward me, against my hold on her (Is she that strong!? Or maybe I’m just...). She then brushes aside my bangs to reveal my eyes.

Following them, she finds their gaze’s destination. And then she says nothing.

She looks even lower, cutting off my line of sight with her head. I lower my own head, sigh, and feel relieved.

Until I realize why Miss Reimu would be looking “lower”.

I bring my head up suddenly, just as Miss Reimu does the same. Both of our faces are glowing.

I let Miss Reimu go and cover myself with my left hand, rapidly waving my right in denial.

“Ahaha, no! No! That’s jus—! Um—! Sh-Shall I call The Mistress!? She’s awfully late!” I look over to some bookshelf while babbling. I didn’t know my voice could sound so high pitched...

I freeze again, feeling a hand on my left wrist. My hand is moved away, and another hand covers what I’d been hiding instead. Now I’m looking down. Miss Reimu is looking down. We both look at her left hand, placed over my crotch.

I didn’t know my heart could beat this heavy.

It sounds like a bass drum is pounding inside of me, and my whole body is shaking with the sound. I thought nothing would scare me more than when they. Wait, am I even “scared”? I’m not sure.

Miss Reimu moves her hand. Not away; she moves it up, and then down, over me.

With one hand on the couch’s back and my arm rested on the cushion I’m laying on, I hunch my shoulders and watch as Reimu rubs the tent I started pitching. I can barely feel it. But I can feel it, and it feels crazy.

A tickling, warm, and stuffed kinda feeling...

My heart is fluttering. My shoulders ease.

She undoes the button and clasp within my waistband, and unzips my front slowly. My shoulders lift again, as do the hairs behind my neck. Reimu fishes inside of my briefs, through the gap I use when I go to the bathroom.

I start mumbling, “W-Wai. Miss Rei—”

Miss Reimu interrupts, saying, “Shh. We’re alone and it’s too quiet.” She’s whispering. I feel her fingers finding my penis, and I shudder. “Ah, found it,” she says, almost to herself.

And she pulls my erect penis free. Oh my god, my penis is out in the library. This is... so bad...!

Reimu looks at it with her eyebrows raised. “I-It’s... big....” she says.

“Y-Yeah...” I reply. Supposedly, that isn’t really normal for a kid but... I was told that mine is pretty big.

Reimu swallows, and eyes it up and down, from the base to the head. I grow more in her hand... In one of the hands she usually uses when feeling my hair. I swallow too, and feel like I’m fully erect. That’s when she begins to stroke me. I shudder again, and I close my eyes. I focus on the sensation of her hand, gliding kindly up and down... Miss Reimu’s cute fingers, squeezing me gently: it feels really good... It feels so, so good, my hips keep twitching forward...

Miss Reimu doing this, I... I don’t know what it means, but I know I’ve dreamed about it, and touched myself while imagining something like this, so... this is nice.

But, it’s not the first time something like this happened.

Thinking about it, I grit my teeth.

Dang it.

Three weeks back, one morning, I was cleaning the younger Mistress’s room...

Mistress Remilia said, “You actually enjoy her company, so you can tend to her.”

That day I was doing just that while accomplishing my task. I’d finished helping her wash up because she and the Mistress can’t move in or past flowing water, and she was relaxing on her bed, getting ready to sleep. We usually talk about books together; Mistress Flandre and I pick a book that has two copies in Lady Patchouli’s library, and we take it out and try to see who can read it faster. We discuss the story and themes and characters. We’ve talked about a couple of books in the Dragonlance series, about Moby Dick and Paradise Lost. I was talking about The Odyssey that morning. “I thought it was cool!” I told her, smiling while I put her skirts and shirts into a basket. “All those trials and monsters, triumphed by the human spirit!”

She repeated, “‘The human spirit!’” while lifting a fist as I’d just done. She was on her back, and turned her head to look at me with an open and teasing smile. When I fully looked her way, she stared for a while before saying, “I’m a monster, Natsu.”

I reminded her, “You’re cute, though, Mistress...”

And she reminded me, while letting her arms fall to the sheets above her head, “One of his trials was a beautiful woman.”

I raised a finger while getting back to work and noted, “You’re also beautiful, Mistress Flandre.”

“Idiot. That’s not what I was getting at. Or, what? Are you going to fall in love with me and stay with me for a year?” she asked, mocking me again.

I contested, “I’ve stayed with you for longer than that, but Mistress Flandre... y-you already know I—”

“Funny,” she interrupted me, staring at the ceiling, “Odysseus had someone already in his heart, too.”

I felt tense, then, finished putting away her outer wear and got to picking up the younger Mistress’s underwear.

Our conversation died down, but I’m not sure if I would’ve even heard anything from her for a while since my heart was beating kinda like it’s beating now, though definitely not as powerfully. I was just apprehensive and tense. I started thinking about her naked body while dropping her bloomers and panties into a new basket. I’ve been bathing her for about as long as I can remember and Sakuya has always taught me to be professional. I want to be professional, because I think she’s...

She’s someone I’m dedicated to, just as much as Mistress Remilia, and she’s...

I can’t ever tell her that when I think of “my family”, I think of Lady Flandre first.

“Natsu,” Mistress Flandre spoke up while I was wrapped up in my thoughts. I flinched and gripped the pair of panties I’d just picked up, listening intently, “you don’t care that you’re handling a lady’s underwear?” I thought at the time, Sh-She’s attacking...!

I straightened my back and raised my chin. I told Mistress Flandre, “Sakuya taught me to treat all my duties like a staid professional.” Thinking about that, I got confident. I smiled to myself, and turned her way with my eyes shut all smugly. “To treat my duties as they are duties! She said I needed to be especially care... ful as a... boy...”

When I opened my eyes, I saw that the younger Mistress had gotten onto her front side and was lifting her hips. From where I stood, I could perfectly see her cheeks underneath the pink and snug pair of panties she was wearing. Her crotch was on display too. “Mistress Flandre!” I’d shouted. “P-Put on your blanket, I—! I can see under your skirt!”

In her cropped red shirt and short red dress, the younger Mistress looked at me past her peculiar shard-fit wings (that she had laid down). I met her glinting scarlet eye, and knew that my face had become scarlet as well. She giggled, and asked me:

“What’s under there?”

I answered her nervously, and obviously bothered, “Your bottom. And your panties, Mistress.”

“If it’s bad for you to see them,” she said, “shouldn’t you look away...?”

She lifted her hips higher with every syllable of my name, wiggling her hips a bit each time. Even though I knew she was right, I kept looking, and I couldn’t even answer.

“Natsumi,” she said. She doesn’t use my whole name like that often, so I stiffened up. She then told me, “I was wearing the ones in your hand just an hour ago.” I looked at the white cloth I was holding, and noticed: yes, she had been. I remembered seeing her taking them off in the changing room. While the memory of her undressing started to wind me up (to my surprise) Mistress Flandre gave me a simple order:

“Sniff them.”

I opened my mouth, then, and realized I was panting.

“Well?” she said, prompting me. I felt something tickling my tongue and palate. It was almost like I was paralyzed. While I was falling apart inside, Mistress Flandre told me in no uncertain terms: “Put the crotch against your nose and smell it.”

I then swallowed my saliva, looked at where her vagina had been, and I did just as she asked.

I’ve always known though I never really admitted that: I like Mistress Flandre’s usual fragrance. I like walking into her room... and I always feel at ease once I can tell she’s nearby, because the flowery, clean smell of her always lingers behind for a little bit.

However, the smell of her end-of-the-day panties wasn’t “relaxing”... Honestly, they didn’t actually smell “good”. But, it was a kind of “bad” that I liked. I put the tip of my nose against a slight stain from—it might have been peeing. The stuffy odor was, um, heady though. I started feeling like I do when I’m drowsy, and I could feel my penis swelling in my briefs. I looked at Mistress Flandre, and I watched while she slid her middle finger up and down a small wedge in-between her legs. I was really fascinated by the shine in the fabric that came from her bedroom’s lanterns. The more her finger dug in, the more the shine spread. I wasn’t thinking about Miss Reimu at all then.
“Come to the side of the bed and kneel down,” the younger Mistress ordered. I didn’t hesitate at all and stepped to where she asked, slowly getting on my knees before her bed. Mistress Flandre began to scoot backward, toward me. “Good, Natsumi, you can stop,” she said. I brought her panties down from my nose, feeling a pang of disappointment. She then said, “Now have the real thing.”

My blonde and lithe Mistress put her butt and crotch against my vacated face. She then pushed and pushed until she had pushed me down to the floor, gotten over me, and was sniffing and nosing likewise at my excited nethers. And like she mirrored my nosing, Mistress Flandre was certainly mirroring that excitement. I smelled her sweat and something strange in her panties. They were wet... soggy, and I could feel something squishy behind them, and something that felt like a button over my chin. I remember breathing in deeply, and thinking This smells..., but still sniffing, and feeling more and more “drowsy”.

I grabbed Mistress Flandre’s butt over the fabric, just to hold something, and I could feel her kissing my penis through my shorts, through my briefs, directly, and then with her entire mouth. My penis, full and hard, got inside the little sister’s vampire mouth as her vagina and butt rode against my face. There was a sound that reminded me almost of a drain clearing up, though it was more like... From how the younger Mistress mouth felt—suddenly tight, then slacking and drooling over me hotly, and doing that over and over again while, I felt, her tongue poked and pushed at me, pulsing intense, heavy pleasure into my thighs and guts... I knew that she was sucking me. And, she was pushing the head of my penis to her throat. It was like she was savoring a popsicle, I remember feeling like she was kissing me while still sliding up and down, and I’d held her thighs tightly while the thoughts in my head faded into a sheer white. Unable to bear it, as she kept relentless sucking my penis, I suddenly felt myself cumming over her tongue, cramming the younger Mistress’s mouth with my semen until, from how she moaned in surprise, I think her cheeks swelled with my ejaculation. I hadn’t warned her—I really hadn’t known that I was about to. After gulping my first few shots, Mistress Flandre swallowed the next straight from my penis and down into her belly, and I while I went flaccid I remember shivering and hugging her waist while she pushed her butt at my face, and I pushed forward to take more of it. Mistress Flandre slid her hips forward until her crotch was over my mouth, and while she grinded it against my tongue, I felt hers rolling over my softened penis—I think: trying to get it hardened again. She managed, and we did it again...

Actually, even a week after that, Sakuya...

“Are you doing okay?” Miss Reimu asks me, taking me out of my memories for a second, I nod. My penis has been getting toyed with so much, I’m sure it can make it through Reimu messing with it for a long time—which is a nice thing to think about. After all, remembering Sakuya almost crushing it with her thighs and letting me hump against her butt... Yeah, I’m positive I can hold out.

I feel less mad at Sakuya than I do Mistress Flandre.

Reimu changes her technique to use more of the heel of her hand and a stronger grip (making me bend forward, and pant louder). The squeeze forces me back to two weeks ago, and what led to that squeeze between my caretaker’s legs. I had gotten aroused by just being around Sakuya—it was strange. I mean, in the first place...

“Like that.”
“Like this.”
“Very good.”
“Do you understand?”
“In that case, do it.”

“Yes.”

Most of the time I’m with Sakuya, our interactions are like that.

Sakuya was the person I met after Mistress Remilia. After the Mistress had given me a new name and took me to her house, Sakuya was waiting and seemed really very quiet. I remember thinking that she was quiet, and almost, almost scary. I remember that there was a bead of sweat on my face.

“Mistress,” I remember her addressing the vampire who had taken me there, “was I also like a chipmunk when you first found me?”

That made me blush and lower my head.

“Raise your head,” said the maid, putting her hand to my face and lifting my chin. “If you’re to be a butler at our mansion, then you should always be calm and show the utmost composure,” she said.

I remember that Mistress Remilia nodded with her arms crossed and a proud smile on her face. When Sakuya added, “That is, being unlike our Mistress,” my new master’s wings flared out, and she looked shocked. It made me laugh, and I tried to hide it. Sakuya told me, “Well, you can break your composure to smile.” She smiled then, and I think I felt a swell of admiration.

But that day, two weeks ago... Maybe it was because of what Mistress Flandre had done the week before, or maybe it’s how I’m growing up, but I really started looking at Sakuya and I just...

I... I’m not a horn dog or anything! Sakuya was cleaning as usual, and teaching me what to do, and while I was admiring how beautiful she was as I always do, I got very aroused by her. Her hair and eyes are both cold and sharp, and her posture is cute and serious. Once more: I admire her, but admiration isn’t lust, so I was horribly surprised that, while looking over her back, her body, and her breasts, my penis erected.

Of course, I just tried to hide it. I showed off my power a little, summoning the memories of what Sakuya had used to clean seconds before to make the hallway we were in spotless. However... that had impressed her. The problem was: while she was applauding me, I got very smug. I stood with my hands on my hips, practically presenting the tent in my shorts. Sakuya noticed, and I can still hear what she asked then perfectly in my ears:

“What is that, Natsumi-kun?”

I answered her with a half-explanation, half-gibberish reply, and for what felt like hours (but was actually probably under a minute), she didn’t answer back. She stared, and eventually asked me again, differently and in a tone of assurance, “Natsumi-kun, are you at all aware of what that is?”

I nodded.

“Tell me,” she coaxed.

So, I muttered to her, “It’s a boy’s erection...” while hiding it with my hands in shame. “It happens when a boy is sexually excited.”

“So you were sexually excited by me?” she tried to clarify. Her arms were folded, but she didn’t seem to be scolding me. I remember how relaxed it kept me. She was talking to me like when she first found that I’d broken a cup—like how she always did when I asked her about Miss Reimu, and told her about things that I really thought I was bad at.

I told her, “Yeah,” and nodded again.

She replied, “Well you’re already old enough for that. I was wondering when this would happen.” I guessed, of course Sakuya would have expected anything, but I was very disappointed in myself for meeting those expectations. While I felt more embarrassment, she remarked, “I’ve been careful in raising you to avoid your embarrassment,” and hearing that I felt a little better.

I spoke up, saying, “Thank you, Sakuya,” and I felt like my blush was happening now for a different reason. I was still hiding myself, though, so seeking to properly apologize I told her, “I’m sor—”

She put her finger to my lips, then, stopping me from doing so. After a second, she moved her hand, and held my face like before—like always, when I’m looking ashamed or dark. She told me, “Don’t apologize, Natsu,” and I perked up. I’d only ever heard her call me that twice before. My caretaker then leaned toward me and whispered into my ear, “Come along. Let’s take care of it now before it distracts you too much.”

Having never heard Sakuya’s whisper before, I was surprised by how “good” it felt, like hands running their fingertips all over me. I got harder, and remember looking at her lips as they turned to a gratified smile.

In a dark storage closet, Sakuya leaned over a stool and lifted her butt in front of me. I remember her turning to look at me saying, “Lift my skirt and undo your pants yourself. That should do well for you.” I gingerly lifted her skirt while frowning, and feeling lustful. Her black panties that I’ve seen so often looked completely beautiful to me that day. I put a hand on her right cheek, looking at and feeling aroused by her garters. Before I knew it my other hand was on her other cheek, and I was squeezing very gently all that meat of hers there behind her closely fit lingerie. She’d gotten on her knees on account of how much taller she is than me, so I had to bend down quite conspicuously when I tried to inconspicuously smell what I was rubbing and toying with, and between the same—between her legs. She pushed into me a little then and just told me, “Undress,” while looking ahead at the wall.

I pulled my pants and underwear down, and pushed my penis between her thighs like she’d told me to when we’d entered the room—I really didn’t wait, it was like I needed to do it. Sakuya squeezed her powerful legs together; I shivered from the pressure and warmth. I started humping against her butt, rhythmically squeezing it as it rippled from my movements. I felt like I was having sex. I recalled Sakuya’s thick bush that I always see during baths, bent forward and, hugging her stomach, started going faster, harder.

As I remember that, Miss Reimu quickens her pace.

My memories are quite strong and intense, as a result of the powers I was born with: the powers of vivid recollection and perfect “recall”. Though, when I do it, it’s not just “remembering” like the Child of Miare...

Forget it—what I’m trying to say is: my penis is remembering while Miss Reimu is giving it something new to remember.

Sakuya’s legs were healthy and strong, and soft in-between. I remember smelling her back and smelling her body soap and gripping at her uniform while my penis let out that sticky, slippery stuff it does before I cum. It was slick and hot and I could smell something like what I smelled from the younger Mistress’s wet crotch on my face. I could feel Sakuya’s crotch getting damp too, and looking up I saw that her ears were red.

That slippery stuff is all over my penis now, and helping Miss Reimu move. I look at her eyes, looking at my erection while she moves her hand with smooth speed and a grip like you’d hold on a soaking towel. I start bucking, Remembering the soft moans Sakuya made while I poked at her stomach, just slightly, I feel shiver after shiver course through me.

“Natsumi...”

“Natsumi-kun...”

I meet Miss Reimu’s eyes. I met Sakuya’s.

“I... I’m gonna...” I tell Miss Reimu.

Sakuya told me, “When you finish, hold still.”

To that instruction, I nodded once, bouncing my hair with how emphatically I did it. I started cumming on the inside of her skirt, staying still as it colored the dark navy fabric a clean white. I shook, but hugged her, and felt safe. My fingers clutched through her vest, feeling the heat and sweat of her body behind her undershirt through my fingertips. I kept cumming until a minute had passed.

I love Sakuya.

I love Mistress Flandre.

I always look forward to Miss Reimu paying her visits. I’ve always wanted her to come to the mansion just to see me and talk, even if it’s just once, instead of visiting for Lady Patchouli or the Mistress. I want to pay her compliments. I want her to hug me close. I want to show her the yin-yang latte art I’ve been practicing, and I want to impress her.

So while Miss Reimu’s eyes focus, and she pulls up my shaft slowly, cupping her free hand over the top, I think about all of that, and how special Miss Reimu is to me, and has been since she threw a needle in my forehead and went after Sakuya on that scarlet night. You know, I... I’m in love with Miss Reimu, too. It’s not just a crush like I admitted to the younger Mistress. I really love her, and want to tell her that. I don’t just want her to see me; I want to see Miss Reimu every day. I want to marry her...

And, as I realize that, and Reimu rubs at me softly on a sensitive part of my stiffy, I gasp once, lurch forward and feel my nut-sack pull up. I let out more than I ever have, faster than I ever have, and into the palm of her hand, quietly whining to myself and moaning, my mouth closed in an entirely embarrassed grimace, eyes shut.

I can’t believe that I realized something like that while the girl I like had her hand on my penis.

... When I’m done, and her hand is completely caked, I try to sit up after having fallen down on my back. We look at each other, both breathing heavily. I’m getting mesmerized... Miss Reimu’s sweaty body is truly gorgeous...

I speak up, saying, “Mi—”

But turning her face from mine, Miss Reimu gets off of me, slips on her shoes, and runs from the library.

And just with that... I suddenly feel like I did something terrible.

I touch the handkerchief at my chest, thinking that I didn’t clean her hand off—but that’s not the terrible thing.

I think I did something I can’t undo, and thinking that, my heart beats in a scary way.

Like when the crowd formed at our doorstep, before Mistress Remilia descended from the sky.

I can recall the “memories” of a place. If I wished, I could summon the image of Miss Reimu who just ran off and check her expression. I could see if I scared her, or made her sad but... but I...

I don’t want to know at all. Even if she wasn’t... what would I do if she was?

Alone in the library, I clean myself off and put my spent genitals away.

I sniffle, and see a droplet fall on the front of my shorts after I zip up.

I will see Mistress Flandre again. I will see Sakuya again.

But, if Miss Reimu never comes back.

I sniff again, and buckle from a jolt of anger mixed with misery, and I remember—

I remember that even if Miss Reimu wasn’t disgusted with me, I’ve already messed up twice before. That gets me shaking. That gets me sobbing there without her as I think: if I was Miss Reimu’s boyfriend, I’d be a terrible one.

I just cry quietly in the empty library as I think that, with no one seeing me, and not wanting anyone to come.

I really thought... I honestly thought that: “I’m a strong man. A good man.”

But that’s not the truth at all.

While bent over, and doubled with sadness I admit it to myself:

I really am just a stupid boy.
I suppose I had those bloodsuckers to thank for this, as well.

We, the ragged twelve of us, were lying in the weeds, out in the hills overlooking the road between what used to be the Hashimoto fields, and the damn vampires’ fortress. I’d say we were waiting in ambush, but in the dark of night it felt more to me like we were waiting to be ambushed, no matter that they were supposed to be in the open and coming from the front and we were supposed to catch them out unawares. They could fly, I’d heard, and all I had was this old bang-stick that didn’t even have a loop for the trigger. I was a decent shot with a fowling piece, sure, but this moon-runed thing was twice as heavy and kicked thrice as hard, and it only shot single slugs.

I had no real right to complain, though. We’d gathered up what silver was in the Village, from the shops and the banks and even the women’s jewellery, and cast them into bullets, in the hope that us ordinary folk could do our bit in the fight. I probably had more money burning a hole in my pockets right then than I’d ever seen in my entire life—and the best I could hope to do with it was to have it burn a hole through some damn bloodsucker’s head instead.

“Still no sign of them,” grumbled our commander. She put away her binoculars, and laid herself prone again. That was something I felt I did have a right to complain about. Her chin dug into the top of my head, and her breasts flattened against my shoulder blades. I didn’t even know she had any breasts to flatten, and maybe in an objective sense the more prominent sensation came from her pointy knees grinding into my tailbone, but there was still an undeniable softness there that I couldn’t ignore.

Still, I held my tongue. Naz was our commander, and a youkai at that. She’d led the flying column well in fights before—though I was still new, then. Thus my role as living mattress.

The thing was, beyond just being a little soft, her chest was warm against my back, and it gave me a chill down my neck in comparison.

I shivered.

In retrospect, that was the mistake that led to everything else, but I’d defy you not to do the same if you ever have a mouse-girl warming your back with her tiny body, while you’re hurry-up-and-waiting for a troop of vampires just before first light.

Commander Nazrin scoffed. Her warm breath ruffled my hair a little. “Don’t tell me you’re getting nervous now,” she said, in that … mousey voice of hers. I’m not going to do an impression for you.

“Wouldn’t dream of it,” I muttered.

Now, backtalk like that was a bad habit of mine, which, yes, came out when I was nervous—I was still an overgrown boy, honestly. And our Naz was quick to pick up on that sort of thing, but she still hadn’t picked up on exactly why it was.

“You need to relax,” she said, into the top of my head. “I’ve lost good mice to set up this kill. If you blow it, I’ll make you their double ration.”

Our Naz had a way of being straightforward with you like that, which, believe it or not, we did appreciate. You never could tell what was on that tiger’s mind, back then.

“Yes, ma’am,” I said, but I suppose it wasn’t sincere enough, because she sighed into my scalp.

“What,” she demanded. Her head bobbed up and down as she spoke, while her chin kept digging into my head—and her tiny breasts kept squishing into my back. “Hey. What is it.”

“It’s nothing,” I lied. “Ow!”

“Don’t lie to me,” she said, and let go of my ears. “Damn human.”

At this point I was just about convinced that she could read my mind, and that the ear-pulling was well-deserved punishment, for the urge which I admit had brought a twitch into my fingers the first time I laid eyes on her own big mousey ears, so I figured I had nothing left to lose if I just told her the truth.

“Your b— chest,” I said, articulately.

I could feel the pause in her breathing.

“What about my chest?” she asked, and it was the first time I’d ever heard growling from a mouse.

“It’s soft,” I blurted, before I could stop myself.

“Ah,” she said, lightly again, and I thought I’d said the right thing for a moment. But then she said, “So I’m distracting you.”

“No, ma’am,” I lied again. “Ow.”

“All right, then,” she said. “We’ll take care of that.” She pushed herself up on my back. “Roll over.”

“You sure about that?” I asked. “Ow. Okay, okay.”

I had no time to think about exactly what it was she’d said before that, and just did as I was told, leaving the gun aside to massage my tortured ears. She crawled nimbly over me as I did, turning herself around in the process, so her head was over my crotch, and her ass was in my face. Her fingers showed themselves to be just as nimble—before I could get out more than a few awkward syllables, she had my belt undone, and my trousers halfway down my thighs.

If I had anything to say, it melted on my tongue as I stared into the mouse’s ass. Her tail was cocked up, lifting her skirt and revealing her panties—which were pure white, by the way, as if anything about her could be called innocent at this point. If I wasn’t saluting before, I sure as hell was now. I could almost feel prickles on my skin, from the way I knew she was staring at it.

She must have felt me tensing up, because she pinned my upper arms to either side with her knees, spreading her legs out and showing off her crotch in the process.

“Try anything,” she said, “and I’ll bite it off.”

I patted the dewy grass in submission—then grabbed it in wet handfuls, as I felt her hot breath on my dick. I had a third of a mind to glance around at the others, to see if anything like this had ever happened to them, but the other two-thirds were solidly under southerly occupation, and they told me I didn’t want to look anywhere other than the mouse’s slim thighs, and the slowly moistening imprint of her little slit.

“Mmh,” was all the warning that she gave.

All at once, she swallowed me whole. Commander Nazrin liked to work quickly, whatever it was she was working at, and this wasn’t about to prove an exception. My mouth found itself pursing tightly, as the mouse used her own to incredible effect. Her small size, which I had belatedly worried about, turned out to be no impediment at all, providing pleasant suction as she brushed her lips steadily up and down my shaft. She was relentless in her rhythm, pausing only occasionally to catch her breath, and even when she did, she kept on working the head with her short, narrow-tipped tongue.

I was half impressed, and half disappointed, at how silently she could do it all.

She continued her systematic conquest of my dick, while I continued to weed the ground beside me bare, trying to hold myself back from bursting. Whether it was because I was afraid of what would happen then, or because I wanted it to just last that little bit longer—I didn’t know, and wasn’t of any mind to care. But soon enough, I was about to reach my limit, and might’ve muttered out as much, because just as suddenly as she’d started, she stopped.

Slowly, the haze of white which clouded my mind began to recede. I felt the mouse-girl moving on top of me once more. When my vision resolved itself again, I found myself staring into her eyes, red and faintly glowing, like a wild animal’s. She lifted up her skirt, and hooked her thumbs on either side of her panties …

Something moved in the corner of my eye. Another man was waving his beret, in warning.

I glanced up the road, and threw the mouse-commander off of me. She had a few choice words to say about that, I think, but I didn’t hear exactly what.

Because they were here. And with a long train of cattle behind them. That explained the delay.

I’m proud to say I didn’t hesitate. I snatched up my gun and lined up my shot, planting one right above the lead bloodsucker’s left nostril. His brains sprayed out the back of his head, just like a deer’s—isn’t that funny, I remember thinking. I grabbed another two cartridges out of my pocket, fumbled with the knob or what-have-you, and fed the next one in. This time I missed the one I was aiming for, but blew out the knee of another one behind him. The slug after that went into her gut, and she misfired the spell she was chanting, sending herself and three of her own up in flames. Everyone else had opened fire at this point, and I don’t remember much from after that except just line-’em-up-and-pull.

When the dust had settled, the whole pack of bloodsuckers was dead, none of us were wounded, and I …

I stood there with my rifle in my hands, my trousers around my ankles, and my gun at full salute, a goopy white rope dangling from its tip onto Commander Nazrin’s very incensed head.

Nobody really looked at me the same way again after that.

Keiki Haniyasushin, Sculptor Goddess of Creation, was in high spirits. She swept through the smooth hi-tech passages of her new garden with a spring in her step that her aloof, regal bearing couldn't quite hide, her long azure hair bouncing girlishly as she went. Haniwa armsmen scattered at the sight of her, sketching brief bows and curtsies before skittering back into the shadows. Their goddess was a strange woman; fey and unpredictable, her mind seemingly unable to settle on any one thing for long. She treated her subjects well—very well, as those lucky enough to catch her interest could attest—, but stories of the woman's temper hung around her like a cloud. No matter how polite she acted outwardly, Keiki was above else a deity of prodigious power, and only her closest underlings viewed her without a seed of unease in their hearts.

And that, Keiki thought as a pair of diminutive clay statuettes scuttled out of her way, was as it should be. The duo had been in the process of stripping away the wild, untamed vegetation of old and replacing it with new trappings more suited to her tastes. One, wobbling at the top of a stepladder and already overburdened by the vast heap of bright tapestries in its arms, stepped back a hair too quickly and overbalanced. Keiki clicked her tongue in annoyance, the thin shriek as the haniwa fell cutting into her thoughts like a knife. She turned and snapped her fingers, catching the animated effigy with a cushion of divine wind and lowering it gently to the ground.

“Careful now,” she said. “I understand that few can control themselves when faced with my divine beauty, but perhaps next time, you might," she placed a long, calloused finger on the top of the haniwa's cap and gently pushed it down, "avert your eyes? It would be a shame if I were forced to... rebuild you.”

The little statue bowed nervously and hurriedly collected the pile of metallic sheets it had dropped. Behind it, its companion fiddled nervously with its own burden: colorful neon lights in appropriately futuristic shades of blue and red, mattresses etched with modern-looking circuitry and towers of weird artifacts to decorate them. Several weeks ago, the goddess had been in a rustic, more austere mood, but following a rash of attacks and acts of vandalism throughout the garden, she had rediscovered her taste for the futuristic. The haniwa sighed quietly. It was going to be hell trying to scrape the paint off next time she changed her mind about something.

“Very good. Carry on, then,” Keiki said, beaming a saintly smile.

She span on her heels and departed, her long, ornamented artisan robes swishing through the air in her wake, feeling rather pleased with herself. She had long ago found that the image, the flash and the persona of a stern yet fair craftswoman was far more enjoyable than the reality, which tended to involve a great deal more slaughter and carnage than she had the stomach for. That her followers thought they would be melted back into a lump of mud if they dared stare up her dress again was good. It meant they wouldn't risk falling and smashing their frail bodies of clay on the floor, and Keiki wouldn't have to go through the whole time-consuming process of rekindling her furnace and repair them again. It always disheartened her when one of her cute and servile haniwa broke under her watch. Keiki knew most of them by name, even if she pretended not to. She drew most of her followers from the downtrodden and ignored human slaves of the Beast World, those seen by their nefarious masters as too weak or cowardly to be of any use. They prayed to her for succor and emancipation, and she gave them bodies of clay to inhabit in turn. It was a point of quiet pride that they flourished under her care; her subjects were loyal, despite their goddess' eccentricities, and that loyalty put a steel in them that more than made up for their frailty and clumsiness.

It helped that she looked the part. Dress and presentation was all, and as a goddess of the crafts, Keiki was well aware of this. If everyone who looks at you sees a god and acts accordingly, then to all intents and purposes you are a god, no matter how powerful you really are. She was a tall woman, slender and willowy, with skin as smooth and tan as a bronze statue. Her face was round and soft, with bright, lively red eyes set above high cheekbones and thin lips. It was a face that could easily have been hard or cruel, but when her detached, aloof airs slipped, the goddess shone with excitement and curiosity. Keiki had a lust for the new; new ideas, new servants, new plans to conquer the world and new contraptions to tear down the yokes of the animal realm...

And new sensations, too. She smiled to herself, a little frisson of glee running down her spine. That lust was more than just a metaphor. The power of creation could be interpreted in many ways, and the goddess had never balked at living up to the basest aspects of her reputation. Keiki turned left and descended a flight of stairs, making her way towards the dungeons. When she took possession of the garden, she had found under the burial mounds a row of well-hidden cells, with chains which rattled impressively but didn't cut off the blood to one's wrists, and piles of warm, dry hay carefully hidden under thin, rotting blankets for bedding. Keiki soon remodeled most of those dreadful gaols into barracks more suitable for her army. But a handful of those in the lowest reaches had been left to remain as they were, locking away the dusty instruments their previous owners had left behind in their hurry to escape her mighty clay army.

For all her flair and love of the superfluous, Keiki was not entirely blind to practicality. She had little patience for finance or interest in politics, and viewed diplomacy only as a sort of entertaining blend of foreplay and verbal swordplay, but she did have a finely-honed instinct for survival. She was hardly the only despot in the Beast World, and defending herself from her enemies was a constant bother. Keiki had carefully ringed her garden with wards both subtle and overt, designed to detect or trap anyone who tried to invade her domain. It was in one of the old dungeon cells that she had laid the nexus of her magical defenses, and it was there where the intruder had been forced to manifest.

Keiki found Mayumi Joutouguu waiting for her as she entered the dungeons. Her aide was another haniwa, albeit a far more developed specimen compared to the simple statues that made up the bulk of her kind. She was an odd sight, impeccably groomed and dressed in a close-fitting yellow lamellar armor. A brooch and her sword’s scabbard, both styled after her haniwa brethren, were the only nods to her species Mayumi bothered to display. She carried a thick sheath of parchment to write on, and tapped the top of it with her brush as she strode past. The general of the Sculptor God’s army stubbornly clung to her utensils of old, in stark contrast to her creator’s penchant for modernism. Her reticence to adapt to new technologies was one of her many quirks Keiki hadn’t yet managed to smooth over, but the goddess was determined to never give up. One day she would see her cute underling performing for her while clad in modern idol clothes, no matter how much she protested.

“We caught it in the south-western wing,” Mayumi explained, quickly falling into step behind her. “The beast was able to unbind the wards protecting the outer defenses, that's how it got in. Commander Hideyoshi and his squad herded it into a dead end and forced it to try fleeing over the walls. Evidently it didn't have time to undo the defenses in its haste to escape.”

“Skillful. Put Hideyoshi down for another commendation, will you? I'll have to come up with a new medal to give him.”

“Yes, Your Divinity.”

“Was there any damage?” Keiki adjusted her green apron holding her tools in place. “Any injuries among the staff?”

Mayumi checked her papers, flicking through the stack of reports. “Nothing we can't replace or that isn't already being replaced. We think it was trying to get into the armory, and vented its frustrations on whatever was at hand when the wards there proved too strong. Tapestries were burned, tables smashed… The third wing lampstand was torn down, I'm afraid to say."

“Bah. I never liked it anyway, too… twinkly.”

Mayumi grimaced. That lampstand had been a special project Keiki herself had spent no less than three months creating, the pattern of its hanging crystals modeled on the major constellations. The general haniwa had been hoping to keep it for herself once her goddess inevitably grew bored of the thing, but it had been so thoroughly trashed she doubted it was worth anything now.

“What about the soldiers?” Keiki went on.

“Three spearmen were injured corralling the beast, though none of their wounds are serious enough to warrant your assistance, Your Divinity. A few of the housekeepers were rather startled by its appearance. It was, well,” Mayumi paused for a moment, biting the end of her brush. Then she shrugged. She realized that whatever she could say would only pique the goddess's curiosity, not quash it. “It was quite horrific.”

“Indeed? A terrifying monster of the abyss, then? A warped, hideous fiend, the very form of Hell incarnate?”

“That would be accurate, Your Divinity, yes.”

“Was it a ‘he’ or a ‘she’?”

Mayumi sighed. “It looked male to me, or at least as male a beast spirit can be. I didn't exactly check its groin. Also, I should remind Your Divinity that the garden's wards are still breached in several places. Whoever sent this creature to attack us may well send another agent to-”

“Well then, the matter resolves itself, does it not?” Keiki cut her off. Her mind was alive with possibilities. How big was it? Bipedal, quadrupedal, or something even stranger? Wings, claws, or perhaps a multitude of tentacled appendages? “I will meet with the creature, bind him to my will, and draw forth the name of our assailant. It has been a while since I practiced my arts on a spirit beast, after all. It simply wouldn't do to fall out of practice.”

The dungeons took on a grimmer aspect the deeper Keiki went. Few of the garden's staff had any business here and there was no reason why invaders might see the lowest halls, so they were left bare of the ultramodern decoration that swaddled the rest of the burial mound. The walls were naked stone, the floors bare of any carpet so an escaping prisoner would be given away by their footsteps. Keiki pursed her lips, suppressing a shiver. Her dress was in truth little more than a modified priestess outfit, adjusted to be comfortable while working on ceramics. It looked suitably fitting for a creator god, which of course was the most important thing, but it did nothing to keep out the chill. Perhaps a demonic mask and the heavy robes of an occultist would have been far more apt for what she planned to do, Keiki thought. She was of half a mind to turn around, march straight back to her chamber, and refuse to allow anyone to look at her until she put on an appropriate outfit. But that would mean delaying her audience with the creature that had run roughshod through her garden, and that simply would not do. He was her guest now, and Keiki was nothing if not a gracious host.

The pair passed several heavy, iron-shod doors lining the corridors. Behind these lay rusting iron maidens, stretching racks, shelves of thumbscrews and branding irons — all terribly ugly instruments of torture that Keiki had little use for. Sometimes they were dragged out and set around the castle when she was in one of her darker moods, but for the most part they were sealed away and left to rot. One door, though, was different. An angular sigil had been carved into the wood. Normally inert, it now fizzed and cracked with energy, emitting a dull, ruddy glow that filled the stone passage in an eerie light.

“Oh, excellent! The seals still work,” Keiki exclaimed. “Not that a goddess of my might would have any concern otherwise. I merely sought to-” She glanced sideways at Mayumi, who politely averted her eyes. “-reassure my subject’s worried mind.”

“Of course, Your Divinity,” the haniwa sighed.

It would have been easy—and terribly dull—to design magical defenses that simply obliterated everything that passed through them. Thus Keiki had opted to create something much less lethal: a complex system of binding and translocation spells worked into the warding charms in such a way that any intruder, be it physical or ethereal, would be instantly transported and restrained within that cell. There was always the lingering worry that with such a delicate weave of differing spells, something would go wrong or fail to trigger. Gloating over a defeated victim was expected behavior in the Beast World, but it just wasn't any fun if the victim was nothing more than a corpse. Especially if the corpse had materialized in two different places and absolutely ruined the upholstery.

“Wait here until I finish,” Keiki ordered her aide. “Don’t let anyone interrupt my… work.”

“… As you wish, Your Divinity,” answered Mayumi, not without a hint of resignation. Nevertheless, she took an alert position at the side of the door; the very image of a model watchman.

The goddess cleared her throat and quickly stepped inside, locking the door after her. The chamber was covered from ceiling to floor with modern circuitry and arcane sigils alike, writhing across the damp stone and filling the space with flickering multicolored light and a faint warmth that tingled unnaturally —but not unpleasantly—up and down her skin. A pair of heavy manacles, similarly inscribed, hung from the ceiling, and it was within these the intruder had been forced to manifest.

It was an animal specter of some kind, Keiki knew that much, which meant it was about as low down in the animal realm’s hierarchy as it could be whilst still possessing a sense of self. She walked around the spirit in a lazy circle, inspecting it from all angles as the thick, ethereal rumble of its breathing filled the chamber. It was perhaps half a head longer than her, discounting the curved, sharp horns that manifested up from where its head ought to be, its flickering body seemingly wrought from nothing but bone and sinewy muscle and clad in nothing more than a thin patch of fur. It shuddered and twitched in the restraints, bulging black eyes rolling in their sockets as it followed her around the room.

“Do you have a name?” Keiki asked. “A given name, I mean. Obviously you possess a true name, and I'll wrangle that out of you in time, but what should I call you for now?”

The spirit slurred something. Its head looked like a bull's skull that had been partially flayed; a long, thick tongue lolled from between semi-tangible jaws held together by ghostly tendons. Keiki cupped a hand over one ear and motioned for the creature to speak again.

“Taishoshinryu,” it rasped.

“Taishoshinryu? Hmm, Taishoshinryu… No no, I think Taisho will suffice. Something nice, short and punchy,” Keiki mumbled, as much to herself as to the creature. “And do you know who I am?”

“Keiki Haniyasushin. Goddess of...” Taisho's brow furrowed, “clay and soil, crafter of… of… sculptures in isolation...”

Keiki tutted and shook her head. “Points for effort, but no. It's ‘The Sculptor Goddess Crafted by Utter Isolation’. Or at least that’s what it was last week. Does it sound too long to you? It's pleasingly grandiose, but it lacks some...” She trailed off, clicking her fingers. “Weight, you know? It isn't snappy enough.”

Taisho stared blankly at her, either unwilling to answer or unsure how to reply.

“Anyway,” Keiki clapped her hands, “Now that we’re past introductions, I would very much like to know what you thought you were doing in my garden?”

Her voice hardened as she delivered the last two words, and she saw the creature flinch in surprise at the sudden change in her mannerisms. Taisho's chains rattled, the magical etchings flaring brightly as the beast tested them. It was an old routine, one that many of Keiki's more interesting prisoners had gone through, and one which had become second nature to the goddess herself. Threats came first, veiled or otherwise, impressing both her power and the dire consequences for disobedience upon them. But they were always followed with promises and temptations; an artfully bared thigh, a touch upon the arm that lingered just enough to be suggestive, a coy bat of the eyelashes. Promises which, more often than not, she followed up upon with relish.

“You've trespassed upon my lands, attacked my soldiers, destroyed my property. There were reports you even attempted to breach the defenses around our armory! I should tear you apart, limb by limb, and use whatever noxious essence you have for a soul to repair my wards!”

Keiki paused for a moment, flaring with anger, staring down the bull spirit’s ebony eyes while letting her words sink. It was a false rage, of course—she was in fact quietly impressed with Taisho's nerve so far— but as with everything else, it was the look of things that mattered. The beast squirmed uncomfortably, its thin tail lashing across the stone floor.

“At the very least, tell me who sent you,” Keiki pressed on. “Do this and I will consider sparing your corporeal form, at least.”

The bull closed his eyes and stood in silence for a long, lasting moment, before he finally hissed an answer: “Toutetsu. Master and leader of the Gouyoku Alliance.”

Keiki let out a short laugh. “Oh! Is that so? And here I thought you were a Keiga goon. I never imagined that old taotie would accept four-legged muscleheads in her little clan too.” The goddess recalled her short encounter with the beast matriarch; a skilled warrior and strategist, but a poor leader — along with being one of the most vulgar and tasteless beings Keiki had ever encountered. Her minions were little more than slaves forced into service and suffered an astonishingly high turnover rate. “Was sending you to wreak havoc in my realm part of a greater scheme? Or was it just a poor attempt to settle the score with me?”

She paused mid-stride, studying Taisho from the rear. A pair of wiry hindlegs hung listlessly from his thin waist; ragged, useless things that reminded Keiki of damp twigs that had been trodden underfoot. In fact, she thought, Taisho's whole body looked not just malformed or malnourished, but incomplete. What skin he possessed was thin and translucent, and stretched too tight over his stringy muscles. A faint frown crossing her delicate features, Keiki ran her fingers down Taisho's back. His spine, shoulder blades, and ribs were all pushing through the ethereal ‘skin’. He looked, she reckoned with a sudden surge of curiosity, like one of the smudged pictures of minotaurs that were found in ancient western pottery. How did such a mockery of biology manage to cause so much damage?

“It makes sense. I tried to ‘steal’ her minions, and in turn she breaks my creations,” the goddess muttered to herself. “The brute probably believed it would serve as a warning, or something similarly gauche,” Keiki rolled her eyes in disgust. “She can't have thought much of you, though. You do realize you were sent as a disposable pawn, right?”

Taisho didn't reply. The sculptor goddess took another few steps, the click of her sandals echoing through the chamber.

“She didn't expect you to return alive. It would be convenient for her, after all. She wouldn't have to follow through on whatever deal she made to secure your service.”

Again, no answer. Keiki pouted in irritation. If she knew his true name, she could simply compel the creature to tell her everything, then banish him with a forbiddance from ever assailing her realm or her creations again. She had no doubt that given enough time, she could wring the spirit’s real name forth by force. But Keiki had never been a violent woman, and torture was deeply unfashionable anyway. Proper goddesses never had to resort to it, unless it was the kind that involved carefully wound ropes and skillful blows from a riding crop. Deception and seduction were the rightful tools of a goddess on a campaign of liberation, and so it was these she had to rely upon.

“What did Toutetsu offer you anyway?” Asked Keiki. She ran her hand along Taisho's back, cresting his shoulder and stroking down his arm. The spirit's body was cold to the touch — much colder than a live bull’s, and faintly slick with a thin slime that oozed from between his bare muscles. “She always preferred to browbeat and blackmail her minions into obedience. I imagine you must have ran afoul of her somehow, and she sent you on this suicidal endeavor as punishment. Am I correct?”

Taisho’s dark eyes followed the goddess’ hand warily. Long strings of saliva drooled from his flayed jaws.

“It's a little sad, really. It's not effective, it's not smart, it's just — ugh. And she wonders why her people keep defecting. In fact, when my soldiers ran you down, did you happen to see a pair of eagles with them?”

The bull spirit nodded, recognition shining in its teal eyes. Those odious clay avians were the ones who had spotted him at first, and endlessly harassed him during his attempt to escape capture.
“Exactly. Those were Toutetsu's agents, originally. Those magnificent new bodies of clay? Their keen, watchful eyes? Their majestic wings? Their fearsome talons, sharper than any blade? All gifts from me.” Keiki pressed her hand over her breast. “I can be a generous goddess, Taishoshinryu, to those who serve me well. They were most… vigorous when I asked them to show their appreciation."

Her eyes never left Taisho's, her lips twisting into a coy smile. Keiki fancied she could already see the gears turning in the beast's mind. The bull opened his mouth, considering his next words carefully.

“I was offered release. From indenture,” he said eventually, and Keiki thought she caught a plaintive note in his voice. “One last job, she told me. The slate would be wiped clean.”

Keiki felt a spark of pity for the creature. “And so you let her use her vile magic on you. She tried to turn your very soul into a wholly corporeal being, capable of harming us.”

Taishoshinryu nodded. A low, glottal rumble oozed from his throat. It took Keiki a moment before she realized he was laughing, though there was little humor in the sound. “Didn't do much good. Came out broken. Unfinished.”

“Well, I wouldn't say broken.” Keiki leaned back on her heel, cradling her chin as she examined the beast. Most of his ilk were simple blobs of ectoplasm, pure souls overflowing with feral emotion, but there was something slightly sad about Taishoshinryu. In his half-fleshed condition, most would have found him frightening and grotesque, but to Keiki, he had the air of a badly kicked puppy. It was something about the eyes, she thought, the faintly plaintive way they stared out of his gaunt skull. Like he hoped for a lot but had come to expect little. “More… abstract. Like an amateur’s work of art,” she muttered, nodding.
Yes, that was it. He was like an artist’s impression of a crossbreed, depicting something imagined but never seen. Beautiful in its own way; the rich, deep hazel of his skin, the sleek lines of his horned skull, the powerful tension in his raw muscles. She imagined the way he might move; a tall, proud step, befitting a great, hulking mythical beast. Her thoughts drifted, other images flitting through her imagination. Hot, slick flesh and smooth bone against her skin, a thick tongue against her intimacies, the satisfaction of gently teaching him to appease her needs… Needs which were growing quite real. A familiar restlessness was settling upon her, an irresistible urge to act upon her endless curiosity. Keiki felt the first pangs of genuine arousal forming inside her, firing her imagination. She saw Taisho in her mind's eye, the body she would sculpt for him hunched over hers, her back arched and her derriere raised up as he rutted at her in a union of beauty and adoration. The goddess found herself drifting closer, caressing Taisho's jawbone, her fingers running along the tendons that bound it together. Thin strings of drool stretched from his languid tongue, pattering against her arm. She let out a long, low sigh, her skin tingling as she imagined herself sat in her throne, Taisho lying next to her like a faithful mascot, ready to trample and gore on whichever poor fool next dared to oppose her. The beast hung still in his restraints. She could feel his ebony eyes on her, running across the subtle curves of her slender body, trying to look past the apron and intricately decorated robes that hid her homely figure from his gaze. Keiki had seen that same look from her previous captives, and she knew she had Taisho right where she wanted him. When confusion and suspicion warred with desire and temptation, the latter always won out.

“Toutetsu isn't the only one who can grant you a body. I can do that and more.” Keiki's hand slid down Taisho's body, over his slick, throbbing musculature. His jaws clacked. She felt his thin fur over her fingers giving way to raw skin, and kept going lower, until her fingers came to rest on the lumpen bulge growing between his legs. Her heart skipped in excitement, and it took all her willpower not to let it show on her face. Definitely male, she thought smugly. And surprisingly virile for such a strange, skinny creature. “I can give you a home, somewhere you'll always be welcome. Always be needed. So long as you were willing to serve my needs, of course.”

“Needs?”

“Oh, the usual,” Keiki whispered. “Protect my creations, scatter my enemies and see their slaves freed… All the things one expects a goddess to demand from her soldiers. And perhaps a little more...”

She coyly hooked one of her legs over Taisho's thigh and pulled herself closer, her foot playing idly with the demon's lashing tail. Her apron clung to his ghoulish anatomy as her robes brushed against it, growing wet and sticky with his ichor. All the while she felt him growing and stiffening under the ministrations of her skilled hands, her dexterous fingers kneading and molding the swelling, pulsing mass of his prick into a full mast. Keiki dearly wanted to look down—to see what the creature had with her own eyes, to sate the feverish curiosity that burned in her chest—but forced herself to hold Taisho's gaze. Her hand blindly wandered along the exposed rise of his erection, gliding through the coating of thin slime and caressing the fleshy whorls and ridges beneath. The minotaur-like spirit let out a strange, almost musical note of breath that whistled through his hollow nasal cavity. He shuddered under her touch and rattled his chains, clawed hands flexing and grasping air.

“Don't understand,” Taisho snarled. He certainly wasn't short of sexual urge. Keiki could feel him trembling like a leaf, as though he were fighting down the urge to thrust into her palm. “Why? Could make lovers with your power. Order followers. Create tools. All more suited than me.”

Keiki smirked and leaned in, her lips brushing the empty pit he had in place of an ear. “Because,” she whispered, "you are strange, and new, and beautiful to me. I want you, and so I will have you.”

And that was the truth of it. There was no need to boast or pretend. For once the strange pantomime of her life matched the reality of the situation. She wanted him like a child who wants a new toy, her mind seething with ideas, visions, possibilities, just as her body cried out to experience whatever new pleasures his strange anatomy offered. Taisho looked at her, glanced away, then looked back and nodded, all within the space of a second. It was if he expected some bolt of lightning to crash down through the roof and incinerate him for his betrayal. Keiki smiled demurely, hiding the heavy kick of joy that ran through her behind her mask of dignified composure. Then she pressed herself against him, feeling the uneven beat of his heart thudding in his narrow chest, and graced him with a kiss.

It was an awkward gesture, the spirit lacking both human lips and experience at kissing, and his elongated skull was entirely the wrong shape anyway. Strings of drool ran down the goddess’ chin and along her neck as his long, thick tongue lolled from between his jaws, writhing against Keiki's own. But it was the act itself, not the ease, that mattered. It was the perversity, the delicious sin, of kissing the bizarre, half-made creature that set Keiki's stomach fluttering, that sharpened the pangs of arousal running through her body into something she could not ignore. She drew back with a small gasp of reluctance, her lips glistening with the demon's slippery ichor.

“Taishoshinryu, I'm going to release your chains,” she said. “I think you know what I want, yes? What we both want.”

The beast nodded. It was hard to read any kind of expression on Taisho's face, but the burning heat of his cock told the sorceress everything she needed to know. She wrung it gently, feeling it throb in return. Precome drizzled from his tip in long strings.

“But you will not take liberties. You will follow my instructions to the letter, or be hurled back to whatever hole you crawled from, understand?” The goddess punctuated her warning with a strong squeeze, eliciting a quiet wheeze from the spirit. “Just as I have the power to create bodies for a soul to inhabit, so I have the power to destroy them, should you… exceed your remit.”

Taisho nodded again, his eyes flicking respectfully downwards. “Yes... mistress,” he said, the word sending a shiver of excitement down Keiki's spine. She allowed herself a small smile. He was a quick learner, this one, and she wanted him see how his subjugation pleased her.

Keiki concentrated for a second, her eyes growing distant as she brought the weave of spells permeating the chamber into focus. She sketched a number of symbols with her hands, delicately plucking at the strands of magic like a seamstress, until she heard the heavy metal click of Taisho's shackles opening. He collapsed forwards onto all fours, tentatively stretching out his long limbs before settling back his haunches like a colossal hound waiting for instruction. Keiki met his eyes for a moment and gave him the tiniest of nods.

And then he was on her. Taisho pounced like the beast he was at his core, bearing the goddess to the cold ground and pinning her down by the shoulders. He was deceptively strong for such a skinny monster, and Keiki let loose a high, almost girlish shriek of laughter as he landed atop her and began thrusting madly. His uncertainly had vanished as if it had never been in the first place; there was no foreplay, no gentle build-up, just a mad, lustful scramble as he struggled to bring his monstrous cock to bear. But inexperience undid his enthusiasm. Keiki felt his shaft grind against her thighs, slither over her mound covered by her panties, and for three infuriating strokes, hump the crease where her thigh met her hip. Her body was aflame with need, her anticipation swelling before each thrust only to ebb in frustration as the minotaur spirit once again missed his target. She squirmed, raising her hips and spreading her long legs invitingly while pushing her underwear aside with her hand, trying to make it as easy as possible for him. It would have been simple, of course, to simply order Taisho to stop and maneuver him into position, but that would have defeated the point. Keiki wanted to experience him, and that meant all of him, including his clumsiness.

But even so, each missed thrust was an agony. Her sex ached, her belly clenched tight, and her mind spun with the need to feel something—anything—inside her. It was almost a surprise when Taisho finally found his mark — a sudden, crushing wave of pleasure swept through Keiki’s body as the bull spirit’s gnarled dick slipped between her lips and speared her with bestial ferocity. His throaty hiss was drowned out by Keiki's own wavering cry, her hips bucking instinctively as she sought to take the throbbing and oddly cool protrusion as deep her insides could take. It was as strange and misshapen as the rest of him; thick, pulsing veins and uneven ridges of flesh tucking and teasing her sensitive spots, each rocking her with a sudden jolt of ecstasy.

“Oh! Yes!” The goddess cried, letting her head roll back and moaning passionately. “Oh, Izanami’s breath, yessss!"

Had she expected Taisho's thrusts to become smoother and more practiced once they coupled, Keiki would have been left sorely disappointed and unsatisfied. But as she grew accustomed to the beast’s clumsy movements, she came to realize his inexperience had some pleasing perks to his lovemaking. Sometimes he would thrust deep, burying himself down to the root in one forceful push and filling her with the wonderful sense of having her pussy crammed full of dick. Other times he humped her more shallowly, the strange shapes of his cock battering her most intimate places until her head span and stars exploded across her vision. Every heartbeat brought a new, erratic spike of pleasure. It left her breathless and off-balance, feeling her climax building and receding in time with Taisho's rapid, erratic movements.

He was beautiful, she thought, pleased beyond belief that their coupling was face to face. It would have been a shame not to see him, an abstract vision of a beast-man stripped down to the bare meat and bone, as he rutted her like the animal he was. Keiki wrapped her arms around Taisho, pulling him closer, feeling his weight upon her and the frenzied pulse of blood and ichor through his flayed muscles. Taisho's eyes were wide and crazed, practically glowing with the intensity of his frenzied passions.

“Clothes,” Keiki gasped. She wished she could see herself coupling with him, to see the insane contrast between their bodies as they twined around one another. “Take- take my clothes o-oh-off! And-ahn-and use your tongue!”

Mirrors, Keiki thought vaguely, the thought surfacing in her mind before being swallowed once more by the visceral thrill of the moment. The bull spirit had just enough self-control left to not simply rip the goddess’ dress and apron off her, and instead tried to pull them up with trembling hands. Keiki raised her arms and bent her back to help him along, until finally the impeding clothes were stripped off and thrown into a forgotten corner, baring her whole body to the chilly air of the cell and the burning gaze of the bull spirit. Taisho's tongue, as thick as a man's hand and as long as his forearm, lolled from his mouth and slithered over her chest, pushing her bra aside and curling around her pert breasts. It was as rough as his body was slippery, rasping over her sensitive skin and drawing forth a thousand tiny pinpricks of ecstasy. I need to have this cell lined with mirrors.

She was shaken back to reality as Taisho began to pound her harder. His thrusts became slower, deeper, more forceful, his cock swelling and throbbing inside her as the spirit approached his peak. A moment of frustration, even anger, swept through the goddess. Her climax was there, building on the edge of her consciousness, but her lover had yet to quite push her into it. Keiki was on the verge of ordering him to halt, but the thought came too late. Taisho threw his head back and let out a long, hoarse cry, thrusting into Keiki so hard he practically lifted her body up on his own, forcing her to arch her back and buck her hips sharply upwards as he came. And came, and came, and came. It seemed as if some valve inside him had broken, spewing rope after rope of hot, thick essence into her, lapping against her walls and spilling out over her aching lips in long, burning strands.

And then he kept going.

Taisho's thrusts faltered only for a moment. He made eye contact with Keiki, heavy breaths whistling through his flared nostrils, and then he began to speed his pace again. His powerful cock had lost none of its hardness, and Keiki once more felt her incomplete climax beginning to swell within her. This time, Taisho's thrusts were smoothed along by the viscous sensation of his cum against her nethers, each savage motion of his hips forcing it out of Keiki's pussy until it formed a warm, spreading pool beneath them. His stamina was staggering. Keiki was far from inexperienced when it came to cavorting with her own followers, and all but strongest specimens of the Beast World had needed at least a short break after they came, if nothing else but to boast of their prowess before adopting a new position. But Taisho fucked her like an insatiable machine, as if he were convinced this salacious act would be the last thing he’d ever do and sought desperately to make the most of what time he had. The goddess' hands caressed his throbbing musculature, her fingernails scratching along his fading ribs, finally coming to cup his wide, bony jaw and hold his head against her brow as they rutted. Her legs curled around the spirit's narrow hips, tensing her thighs to keep him held in place whenever the beast tried to pull too far back.

“Harder,” Keiki whispered, her mind swimming with pleasure. “And deeper, see? Like that, oh, mmm… exactly like that… Give me everything you’ve got… Give yourself to me…!"

It was only the slightest measure of control, and he still bucked uncontrollably as whatever instinct drove him clashed with the urge to obey his mistress' commands, but it proved to be enough. The chamber echoed with the rhythmic slap of their clashing hips, the spirit's gnarled prick stabbing fiercely into Keiki's aching body, pushing her moment by moment towards her much awaited orgasm. It built and built, the raging fever of her arousal permeating every inch of her body, sweeping away all thought and leaving nothing but an empty, desperate yearning in his wake. Taisho's eyes closed and he came a second time, the sudden, sweet rush of heat and pressure finally breaking the dam that held Keiki’s own climax back.

The Creator Goddess cried out a long, strangled wail of release as pleasure wracked her body, instinctively bucking up into her new servant’s thrusts as he jerked and heaved above her. Every pulse and flood of warmth, every juddering motion of the beast's cock in her depths dragged her orgasm out further and further. She twisted and writhed, the tension that had built flooding out of her in a great rush of ecstasy, her mind blank to everything but the sweetness and perversity of her union. And just when her orgasmic wave started to abate, Taisho proved his unnatural stamina once again by resuming his pounding at the same pace and intensity as before, turning the goddess’ peak into a plateau of bliss.

Eventually it became too much for even the experienced goddess to bear, the aftershocks of her climax starting to turn sour as Taishi continued to rut at her over-sensitive, tired body. She had stamina herself, to be sure, but the beast's mad ferocity had worn her out, physically and mentally.

“Enough!” Keiki gasped, releasing her death-grip on Taisho's thighs and pushing him off her. “Enough. You have done enough.”

Taisho scrabbled backwards, his ragged body quivering in apprehension. “Was not good? Did something wrong?”

“No! No, not at all,” Keiki said. She cleared her throat and sat up, tucking her hair back behind her ears and picking up her discarded clothes. “It was marvelous! You have proven your devotion to me. Now it is my turn to give something back in turn.”

The malformed spirit’s head tilted in confusion. As far as he was concerned, the moment they just shared was enough recompense for him. The goddess put her dress and apron back on—completely disregarding the sticky mess between her legs that pooled under her feet in long, translucent strands—and strode towards the kneeling Taisho, a haughty smile creeping on her round face.

“That’s right, Taishoshinryu. If you are to serve me, I need to create a complete, perfect new body for you,” she explained, picking up the tools in her apron between her fingers. “Oh, but for that, first I need to do away with the old. Now sit still, this won’t take long…”

Moments later, Mayumi heard the door to the cell creak open, and hurriedly straightened her posture. The her credit, the haniwa didn't even bat an eyelid at the sight of her goddess's flushed skin and wide-eyed expression, much less at the spreading pool of thick, pearly ichor cooling on the floor. Such scenes of debauchery had long since ceased to shock her.

“I see you and the creature reached an accord, then,” she said. “Shall I prepare you a bath, Your Divinity?”

“That... would be delightful, yes,” Keiki said absentmindedly, as she caressed the clump of pulsing ectoplasm she held in her hands. “Have hot water and towels ready in a moment. First I need to see about firing up the furnace.”

“The kiln?” Exclaimed Mayumi, glancing warily at the formless soul.

“He shall be my finest creation, this beast who gave of himself to me. I shall mold him in clay and forge him in the furnace of gods. He will be of iron will and steely muscle, and I shall clad him in… Mmm, perhaps a nice, deep crimson? To go with his ivory horns." Keiki stuck her tongue out as she pondered, new ideas already bubbling away inside her head. “Perhaps a cape? No no no, it'll get in the way of the… Oh, we could keep his top half bare! Like those monks from China. What do you think? Mayumi? How much clay do we have in the workshop right now anyway?”

Mayumi sighed, fiddling with her scabbard to hide his frustration. She glanced back at the mess in the cell, knowing that at some moment she would have to go back there and clean it all up. The things I do for my goddess…
Crickets and shadow smothered the village’s evening streets. Sweat beaded on her knuckles, invited in part from the warm, muggy air. But the real reason for the moisture on her skin was, well…

It was the same one that kept her fist paralyzed, just before the humble home’s door.

Kosuzu gulped. This, this was it. Too many possibilities for her to process laid on the other side.

Possibilities hotter and wetter than the air. But also… possibilities much darker than the dimming sky.

Whatever she did here, she’d need to be back in her bookstore the next morning.

Early the next morning. Not for fear of her family’s response, nor for the health of their business.

No. If she showed up too late, her stick-in-the-mud friend would know. If her friend knew, she’d suspect. If her friend suspected her, she might not be able to come back.

And worse, she may even lose everything she’d built this all on.

Her friend-Akyuu-had to be kept in the dark, no matter what.

No. She shook her head, bells jingling. It’d be fine. The woman on the other side of this door would know and understand. That beautiful, wise, and downright intoxicating woman would help her. She’d provide all the help she could ask for.

But, but…

Before any of that mattered, Kosuzu would have to knock. Or to announce her presence. Or something.

Instead, after all the countless minutes she’d already spent, that hand remained frozen, her lips sealed shut.

She couldn’t, she just couldn’t…

This precious opportunity would be snuffed out before her eyes as the sun set and she’d-

Tap, tap.

It was subtle, almost imperceptible, but her knuckles struck the door. Even those quiet noises thrust the poor girl’s heart to her throat.

But as the noises faded, echoing into the night, nothing followed. Her beating heart stilled.

She breathed a sigh half of disappointment, half of relief.

Then came the footsteps. Slow and assured, as she knew this woman would be. With the gentlest rattle, the door before her slid open, revealing first the wafting, gentle scent of chestnuts. Her associate and friend-of sorts-stood before her. Wearing her familiar spectacles and that comforting grin, Mamizou cracked that ever-familiar smile. One borne of profound but subtle confidence, and a level of experience beyond any human she knew.

“Well now, didn’t ye take yer sweet time.” The woman chuckled, holding aloft a steaming teacup. “Please, come in, deary.”

“O-oh, yes. Of course!” Kosuzu’s face twitched, giddiness and nervousness battling for dominance across her lips and brow.

Mamizou stepped aside. Taking one step inside, Kosuzu kicked her shoes off and took in the sight. Dim lanternlight warmed plain paper walls, a wide kotatsu, and a wider door behind it. She found the room to be cozy but a bit plain-spartan, really. Did the lady truly live…

No. She wouldn’t ask those kinds of questions here. She was far too close for doubt.

The door shut behind her.

Picking up Kosuzu’s shoes, Mamizou turned and dropped them by the door. She let out a longsuffering sigh before settling into the kotatsu. A wry grin cracked across her face as she patted the low table.

“Please, deary. Make yerself at home.”

“Oh? Oh, yes. Of course.”

Pink and fidgeting, Kosuzu dropped into it, across from her graceful host. It was only when she heard the clack of Mamizou setting her cup on the kotatsu that Kosuzu noticed a similar cup already there. Smiling, that warm, familiar face nodded toward it.

“Go ahead, I prepared it just for ye. Careful, it’s hot.”

Kosuzu no doubt turned another shade of pink at that but still lifted the cup off the table. She took a quick gulp, then coughed as the tea scalded her tongue. She set the cup back down, hissing in discomfort. What made her wince, however, was when Mamizou shook her head, tittering.

“So, have ye told anyone else about… this?”

Kosuzu let out a quiet ‘eep’ and turned her eyes to her tea, giving it a firm, studious glare. Firmly, she shook her head.

“Well, ain’t that good to hear?” She chuckled again. “Don’t worry yer little head about a thing. I’ll take good care o’ ye.”

It was now, as Kosuzu took a slower, more careful sip, that she had a chance to savor the tea’s taste. And as she did so, she noticed just how small the table was. She felt her partner’s legs shift, one foot sliding forward.

She breathed in, sharp and anxious, as that foot slipped between her legs to nestle against her soft panties.

She flinched as those toes danced on her crotch.

She took a tentative glance up to find her partner leaning toward her.

“Say, have ye touched yerself… down there?”

Kosuzu winced, turning her head back down. Slowly, she nodded.

The foot shifted, pressing through the fabric and into her pussy. Kosuzu set the cup down, shivering.

“Good girl. Now, do tell me. What was it like?”

“It…” Kosuzu gulped. “Not… wasn’t enough.”

The foot shifted. “Oh?” Her brow softened. “Ye poor girlie. Ye really tried,though. Didn’t ye?”

“M… Mamizou. What are y-”

Kosuzu hissed as a toe slipped between the lips.

“Sh-sh-sh… Don’t ye trust me?”

Breath shaking, Kosuzu nodded.

“Then, tell little ol’ me how many times you tried, would ye?”

Kosuzu’s hands slid off the kotatsu, down her belly. “L-lots! A-and I’ve also done it with…”

The foot tapped her pussy. “Now, now. Good girls are more honest than that, right?”

Her breath hitched as she felt the heel press into her. Her head drooped. “I’ve… done it a few times. With… just myself.” She sighed, defeated, as she finished that sentence.

The foot pulled away. “Good girl.” Shaking, Kosuzu looked up to find Mamizou taking one last sip from her cup.

Smiling, she set the cup down and rose to her feet.

“Well then. Let’s not… keep ye waitin’.”

She turned and slid the inside door open, then stepped into the room beyond.

Kosuzu held still at the kotatsu, hands trembling. Even as Mamizou held the door open, even as that woman laid her sensuous, beckoning eyes on her, Kosuzu couldn’t move.

She studied that woman’s beautiful, smooth face. The full, mahogany hair framing her sharp, yet inviting grin. Finally, she found the courage to put a voice to her concerns. “A-already? Shouldn’t we, uh, take a bath first?”

“Oh, hush. Trust me, deary, that last thing that’ll bother me is your musk.”

Musk?Kosuzu’s skin burned. For a few slow, halting moments, she felt the sweat bead on her skin. She savored the aroma of the tea one last time, only now noticing the faint hint of tobacco in the air.

Then she watched Mamizou slide the door, ever so slightly, closed.

She leapt to her feet. She sprinted through the door, past her seductive associate, and into the room beyond. She stumbled to a stop, catching her breath as Mamizou strode around her. This room also laid small and mostly bare. Another lamp hung overhead. A pipe and a small stack of books to the left, a small box to the right.

“Close the door, would ye?”

Kosuzu blinked, then spun and pressed her hands to the door. As she slid it back against the frame, a sound floated to her ears. A subtle, almost silent one.

One of fabric, sliding across another, softer fabric.

Kosuzu gulped, her body locking in place even as gentle, warm shivers trailed up and down her spine.

“Aren’t ye lookin’ the wrong way? Girls don’t do these sorts o’ things just for themselves, ye know.”

Swallowing, Kosuzu nodded. Shivers running through her body, she span around and forced her eyes forward.

Mamizou dropped her checkered scarf over her books and shrugged off her comforting green jacket, discarding it atop the scarf. Kosuzu stood, transfixed, as Mamizou’s hands slid up, across the flowing, black-and-white pattern of her remaining dress. Delicately, she peeled it open, exposing a wider, fuller chest than Kosuzu could have guessed.

With a flourish and a grin, she dropped it to her ankles and kicked it aside. All that now remained was a thin, almost see-through, white underdress. This one she pulled up, over her head, and tossed away.

Twitching, still frozen, Kosuzu licked her lips. Mamizou, the woman she’d grown so close to, had seen as so wise and useful, now stood before her.

Naked.

Deep brown areola rested at the peak of each breast, each topped with a fat, hard nipple. A thick bush of fluffy brown hair nestled between her legs, and a powerful, earthy scent wafted from her body. Something familiar but, oddly, unsettling.

For the first time in many minutes, Kosuzu’s tongue loosed itself.

“…No panties?”

Her question was not one of shock or offense, but disappointment.

For the first time that night, a crack had surfaced in Mamizou’s confident image. She gave a short chuckle and scratched her cheek. “Oh, you were hopin’ for a little somethin’ fancier?” She planted her hands on her naked hips. “Tell ye what, I’ll wear somethin’ nice just for you next time, okay?”

But it was here that Kosuzu’s face went from warm to scorching.

“N-n-n-next time? I-I mean, yes! Of course. Next time.”

Mamizou shook her head and pulled herself back to her feet. A quiet ‘eep’ slipped through Kosuzu’s lips as the taller, more graceful woman approached her. As those wide, curving hips swayed, the subtle movements of her fluffy, luxurious hair, the…

Mamizou’s delicate hands slipped down Kosuzu’s chest, settling on the bow of her plain apron. “Ye came in yer work clothes. Ye sure ye didn’t have a fancier thing to put on?”

Kozusu turned her eyes to the wall. “Ah, well, that…” Her eyes shifted down, to Mamizou’s hands, now undoing the bow. “It’s, well… that’s a thing people like, right?” With a voice both quivering and falling in volume, she continued. “You, you like it, right?”

Mamizou snorted as she flung the ribbon aside. “Hm. It’s a very silly idea for a first night, but… that’s very much like ye. So… sure, I do.”

Kosuzu blinked, uncertain of just how to take her answer.

Amid her uncertainty, Mamizou took another step forward, her soft breasts now hanging so close to Kosuzu’s dainty nose that she could smell the faint scent of sweat and… something else. Something wild and earthy. Her partner’s hands rose to her shoulders, gripping the straps of her apron and sliding them down.

“Now, be a good dear and let me see the rest of ye, okay?”

“I… what?”

“I want ye to strip, deary.”

“O-oh! Of course!” Kosuzu took a step back, still half-intoxicated by her lover’s scent.

Lover? Is she that? Are we really, are we alreadythere?

Hands shaking, Kosuzu pulled her apron loose and dropped it at her feet. With another step back, she unbuttoned the familiar, checkered shirt she wore. Tossing that aside, she loosed her skirt and dropped it. Next came her undershirt, then her…

Then she slowed down. She’d discarded everything but her plain pink bra and similarly simple, matching panties. She was really going to…

“Now, who whined about boring undergarments, eh?”

Kosuzu opened her mouth, but Mamizou simply snorted. “Oh, don’t mind me. Please, docontinue.”

She gulped, her hands sliding to her shoulders, where Mamizou had…

Her partner stepped toward her again. A thumb and forefinger touched her chin. Then, with the help of their brethren, they lifted her face upward, to stare into her partner’s eyes as they approached. A pair of full, soft lips pressed themselves to hers as another hand joined one of her own on her shoulder.

Kosuzu’s heart pounded in her chest as she hummed into this woman’s lips. As that hand wandered to her back and in one smooth motion, unclasped her bra. As a tongue poked at her lips.

Kosuzu squeaked. In a confused response, she poked at the tongue with her own. Her partner giggled, then shoved that tongue inside.

Kosuzu squealed, startled. She flinched, but as that warm, wet tongue swept through her, she went from stiff to nearly limp, melting into Mamizou’s embrace. Those hands slid down her back, settling over her ass. Her heart nearly returned to her throat as she felt a soft, sensuous squeeze.

Then the thumbs slipped beneath her waistband and, slowly, she felt her panties slide down, baring her ass and pussy as they descended to her knees.

That tongue slowed as those hands slid back up. A leg slipped underneath Kosuzu’s crotch. She mewled as she felt the knee press itself into her bare pussy. But when the tongue left her mouth, she whined.

“There, there…” Mamizou pulled back, licking her lips. Kosuzu gulped, then felt the knee slide back as that leg shifted, planting its foot over Kosuzu’s panties before shoving them to the floor. “Now, step out of those and turn around, would you?”

Breathless, Kosuzu nodded. Slipping the panties off her feet, she turned and faced the wall. Those delicate hands returned to her shoulders, gently guiding the straps of her bra off, down her arms. As they reached her wrists, they let go. As they did, she simply let it fall off.

The hands shifted, sliding down to her gut. She shivered, hot and flushed as she wondered what this woman would-

Two arms wrapped around her and squeezed, pressing her tight into Mamizou’s heavy but cozy breasts. Then, she-

“Ah!”

Mamizou dropped to her ass, carrying Kosuzu with her. As they hit the ground, Kosuzu’s crotch landed on something, long and hard, beneath her. Gulping, Kosuzu looked down to find a small, red, bell-shaped head peaking out from between her legs, just barely visible past her-

The hands slid down to her hips and nudged Kosuzu’s crotch forward. The dick-for that’s all she could call it-twiched at the motion. This time, it was Mamizou shuddered.

That, in turn, sent a rolling quake up Kosuzu’s spine. She, she had made this lovely, mysterious woman squirm. She would definitely leave her impressed by the time they finished.

Mamizou hummed, her hands slipping under Kosuzu’s arms to grasp her humble breasts. Kosuzu leaned back into her soft, pillowy body as those hips rocked, rubbing the cock up and down her crotch. Her slender chest heaved as her partner’s dexterous hands rolled her breasts, as the already thick, hard cock grew just that little bit more rigid.

As her own moisture trickled down the cock, slicking the shaft.

Mamizou giggled, leaning into Kosuzu’s ear. “Are ye ready, girl?”

Without even thinking, Kosuzu nodded. With one last gulp, she shut her eyes.

Finally. She was about to…

Her partner’s hands pressed her tight to those gentle, heavy breasts and pushed upward. As Kosuzu slid up, she felt the cock shift, rising as her weight left it. The moment Mamizou slowed, a single, timid sentence slipped through Kosuzu’s lips.

“Be… gentle, okay?”

“Sorry, Kosuzu. Just… brace yerself, okay?”

Kosuzu’s eyes flew open, her heart pounding as-

She screeched as her delicate pussy slammed onto the head of Mamizou’s cock. It pressed up, grinding through her as she descended.

“Wai-ghrk!” Kosuzu hissed, her muscles clenching as her body struggled to endure the fat shaft shoving itself through her.

Her weight carried her a little further down, hissing all the way. Then Mamizou sighed.

“Welp. This ain’t workin’.”

“O-oh, so y…”

Mamizou leaned forward, pressing Kosuzu with her. With a heavy, overbearing bust behind, and a pair of surprisingly strong hands on her own breasts, she found herself forced to fold inward as Mamizou shifted.

Then, as she leaned too far forward, her hands and knees hit the floor to support herself.

As she did, she felt her partner’s hips shift. As they did, the hands on her breasts squeezed, pressing her tighter to the heavy tits above.

A heavy shudder rolled through the soft, curvaceous body atop her, the cock still wedged inside her.

“O…kay.” Mamizou breathed heavy, her chest pressing into Kosuzu as she did. The cock shifted.

Then it surged forward, jerking Kosuzu with it.

She bit her lip, struggling to hold back the groan. It…

Thump!

She jerked forward again, impaled on the fat cock inside her. It… hurt a lot less, this time. “O-okay, M…Mamizou. Let’s j-”

Thump!

That woman laid down on her, locking her body down as she pounded her.

Thump, thump!

Kosuzu squealed, gasping and jerking with each thrust.

Thump, thump!

She moaned, long and loud. A hot, wet need filled her body as she jerked and gasped, her lungs heaving.

Thump, thump, thump!

Breaths came in fast and shallow, interrupted by each hit. She wiggled her hips now, thrusting back each time that cock pressed forward. She moaned each time she felt the slap of her partner’s thighs.

Thump, thump, thump!

She gasped, thrusting back in rhythm. The cock stuffed her, rubbing just right at every little contour, filling her in ways she never dared to…

Thump, thump!

That fat cock, the one that threatened to tear her apart before, now fit perfectly inside her.

Thump, thump!

She felt her partner speed up, pounding her harder and faster. She squealed in delight. She felt as if Mamizou had been created just for this moment. To fill her, to ride her, to…

She screamed, ecstasy bursting from the very depths of her being, into her lungs, and out through her quivering throat. At last, she…

Thump, thump!

Mamizou moaned, shaking, but kept pounding her. Kosuzu squirmed, pulling aw-

The hands moved from her breasts to her shoulders, shoving her to the ground as those hips kept thrusting, as that cock kept pumping her soaked pussy.

Cheek pressed to the earthy tatami below, Kosuzu could only squirm as her partner railed her, bouncing off her ass. Mamizou kept going until, finally, a low, hungry moan blasted out from her throat and a mess of something wet and warm poured out from her cock, pouring deep inside Kosuzu.

Then, slowly, the cock pulled away and her partner pulled herself up.

Dazed but finally free, Kosuzu rolled onto her back, idly noting the milky fluid that trickled from her pussy as she stared at the slowly softening cock that swung from Mamizou’s hips.

With no balls.

Mamizou gave her an almost leering grin from above those overbearing breasts. “What do ye say? This time tomorrow?”

Her head still swimming in the afterglow, Kosuzu nodded.

A slight edge creeped into that woman’s smile. “Say, why don’t we make this more exciting?”

Kosuzu blinked, tilting her head.

“Be a dear and leave your cute little bra and panties at home, okay?”

What? No, she couldn’t… she shook her head. That would be impossible. Akyuu would find out, for certain.

“Oh, ye sure? Well, if ye ain’t up to it, maybe we can wait until yer ready. Perhaps next month?”

Again, she shook her head, this time quite frantic.

She chuckled. “Good, good. Remember, no undergarments, okay?”

Tired, she nodded. Somehow, she felt she’d been tricked. But she could barely bring herself to care. If it meant another night with this enchanting-if overbearing-woman so soon, it would be worth it.

And yet, as she dozed off, an odd thought struck her. She wasn’t… forgetting anything, was she? Something important?

It didn’t matter. She’d remember in the morning.
Rumia was definitely being raped.

The night was calm – a moon like a plump, toothsome dango aloft in the blackness. Scents of spring grew thick in the forest, a night breeze making the trees wave their branches, excited to waken again. And if you thought trees couldn’t wave, you hadn’t flown around the things on a windy night. On that forest’s floor, on the soft, mossy ground where small game made its home and bigger game licked its chops, a human lay relaxed, straddled by the petite youkai of darkness.

A rod of terrible girth was gripped in a fist, readied for a strike should Rumia but make a fist herself. And even with its top thrown wide open and the trousers skinned down to the man’s ankles, Rumia recognised the star-adorned robes of religious power. The man, possessed of some years and such grit as she could tell, was just that, too. An onmyouji: a fixer of all things strange, youkai chief among them. A man of either prodigious skill or long, long expertise.

Rumia didn’t need her current position or the tingly fullness inside her belly to tell; the solid trouncing she had received in the previous half-hour spoke loudly enough. Last night must have been bad. Not that she knew how or why.

Humans acted truly perplexing in the best of times and seemed to spend their entire lives that way. A gaggle of hollering men and crying women had looked such easy prey. Turned out they hadn’t been, all scattering at the mere hint of the skulking darkness. Moreover, they turned out to not be of a mind to let sleeping fears lie.

Not a sundown later, the exorcist’s long silhouette stretched into view; to snare the little youkai’s home turf must have been mere minutes. Out she had crept to prowl the night’s purple shadows and he was already on her.

The duel must have been vicious. Rumia couldn’t vouch it had been, on account she had been blinded throughout every bit but the final one. And once she had lain, beaten, staring down the rod’s pointed end, now recognising it as a purifying tree limb, Rumia had found at last where she had erred. The mistake had been simple in hindsight.

Simple as space, time, and some composition thereof. A poorly chosen one, at that.

“The boy,” the exorcist had growled. A low, raspy growl. A loosed hound snarling into the dark. “From the village. You ate him?”

Not a trace, not a twitch of muscle anywhere when Rumia shook her head. It’d be three more before the exorcist would acknowledge her ignorance. Then, he questioned her. On the boy’s vanishment. On other youkai in the area. The nearby benighted shrine. Weird happenings of late – of which Rumia had not the first clue.

Exasperated at the uselessness of his catch, the occult-seeker relented in the end. He raised the deadly tool and allowed Rumia find her feet.

But not to flee.

“Hold fast, youkai!” he barked, sooner than Rumia could spin about. “We’ve talk to make yet.”

“Rumia.”

The correction came more as a reflex than any desire for familiarity. Naming herself seemed to thaw human iciness. If it worked in this case, though, this human was imperceptibly warmed.

“What?” she asked, seeing him thwap an open palm with his instrument.

“I avow your blamelessness,” he had said, “and shall not accost a creature I have not been prayed to accost. However, I shall not yet suffer you to leave.”

Rumia had titled her head, not cottoning on to what dissatisfied him. “Is that so?”

“No fewer than a dozen traps I laid for you.” Had it not been so or had Rumia heard bitter shame behind his gruff tones? “I will not return to the capital tribute-less one way or another. So, this little diversion means nothing in the end.”

He waved a hand at the surrounding trees. Energy reverberated through the air and vanished in the same instant, leaving the forest stiller. “These devices are another matter. My sweat and time, each in profusion, went into them. I will be reimbursed for that.”

There it was: something was now lacking so he demanded accounts settled. Humans were permanently occupied with such things, it seemed. “I don’t have money,” the youkai of darkness stated simply.

The human’s knuckles whitened against the blunt instrument of youkai destruction, the only show of emotion for the moment. Rumia stood in silence, not daring move. Her belly felt too empty and her body too bruised to warrant an attempted flight, anyway. Returning her stare, he moved closer. Her cheeks reddened under the force of his look.

“You certainly resemble a woman, at the very least,” he’d decided at length. His hand swept across her hot cheek, appraising its softness. “Yes, this will serve nicely. I’ll have you pay with your ying.”

Rumia had blinked. “My what?”

“What else could I ask of you? Your body, of course”

Once again, Rumia blinked. Humans and their riddles could be so bothersome. Whereas other animals would merely strike and kill, they would ask questions, playing silly games, wasting precious feeding time. They did so many pointless things.

A shiver interrupted her pondering. His hand had moved from her cheek to her thigh. Her cheek flushed deeper, a meaning suddenly dawning on her.

“Sex?” Rumia had guessed, perplexed. “Is that it? You mean sex?”

A smile slithered across the exorcist’s face. “You do know it, then. That saves me some trouble.”

Rumia had choked back the first answer to bulge her throat. Yes, she had known sex. No one lived long around humans innocent of that all-important act; nor had Rumia. Some of the human males she preyed on, for reasons beyond her, grew intensely fascinated by her shape preceding their ends. Those few occasions she’d been enough bored to let them near, precluding violence, had yielded like results.

She’d been called cute, gifted flowers, even pined for. Things had been said. Then done. And the sex thing, confounding at first, had been soon grudgingly tacked on to the list of things humans were good for besides a meal. It was fun and, done right, could leave her belly feeling warm and full in an altogether different way.

A mortal nemesis of all youkai propositioning you for it, though – now, that could see an aeon pass without happening twice. Against her bruises, both physical and on her pride, Rumia’s tummy had squeezed in insidious interest.

And so, she’d consented. She unclasped her skirt and let it drop from her slight hips. “I can do sex.”

No other quartet of words could have moved a man more decisively. The hunter had allied her in preparations; he’d undone his belt and unfolded his robes. He’d been, as Rumia’s intuition went, quite handsome. Undeniably, he’d looked yummy as little else: muscle like cord, tan skin shorn of all pesky hair. His manhood flopped, pendulous, between his powerful thighs once he’d doffed the trousers. That’d knocked her self-esteem a bit. Men were wont to stand to full, rearing attention by the time sex with Rumia was on the table. Not this one, ostensibly. Hooey.

He’d settled down anyhow, reclining on the springy, forest ground, and motioned Rumia to come hither. Sceptical, she’d complied – and knelt astride the man’s nude waist. Out of some pocket of his robe, he’d produced a small, earthenware jar. A concoction of corn-starch and water, Rumia’s nose had told once the hunter had screwed out the plug and bade Rumia extend a hand. She pushed it back.

“Nature’s way?” the scrumptious man had asked, amused.

Rumia hadn’t answered, instead reaching between her legs to tuck the front of her panties to the side. Cool, nightly air had kissed her exposed, hairless treasure.

The exorcist’s breath had hitched at the sight. “… Very well,” he’d resigned.

Then, with him studying every rub, stretch and prod, Rumia had begun to make ready. A fistful of fond memories, squirreled away for just such an occasion, married to the exorcist’s tasty physique had done her the office of an aid; soon, and Rumia had been flushed, gasping her climbing excitement, arousal sticking her fingers to her puffy privates. Somewhen in her dawdling run-up, the youkai hunter had overtaken his quarry; fully erect, persuaded by Rumia’s lewd display, he’d steadied his rearing manhood by the base and pushed its head up at the little youkai’s entrance. Rumia had given him a dark look… but moved her attentions to the stiff nub on the front of her crotch, while the exorcist had stroked his tip back and forth between her slick, hungry petals.

Nothing short of extermination would’ve forestalled what had come next. Masturbation, what Rumia’d had explained to her, could be wonderful by itself; when, though, a man’s thing had already been poking her from below… well, the only direction to go was down. Rumia had unhanded her tender, leaky privates and thrust the freed hands behind to prop herself on the exorcist’s folded knees. No need to aim or spread herself; the man’s engorged glans had already made an intimate friend of her opening.

And so, the falsely accused, little youkai of darkness had nipped her bottom lip… and guided her tight, slippery womanhood down his large, stiff, adult penis.

The journey had been hard and bumpy, and may have brought Rumia closer a helpless orgasm that would’ve befitted a scary youkai such as she, but… it was now done. This was where she was. The exorcist’s erection was sheathed to the sturdy hilt inside her hot, tense belly: her bottom firmly in his lap, her nether lips strapping the shaven base of his shaft, the bared head of his penis wedged up against the place inside her Rumia had been told was her “baby-room.” Gratefully, hers had so far lacked for occupants, else they would have felt mighty cramped. That penis was topping her up something amazing…

… Amazing or no, though, it was very much still a rape. The branch in the hunter’s fist had never left it; even if he had exhaled rather sharply once Rumia’s crotch had rested on his – which was subtler still than her own, throaty moan – the man’s jaw remained coloured, but set. It was obvious who was having sex with whom and where; which was to say, Rumia was having sex with him nearby a lethal implement. That made this a rape; and rape, to hear the humans tell it, was a sin of sins among their kind. Deadly, even.

Rumia couldn’t guess at why. It was great. It squeezed her down around the exorcist’s girth and thrilled her to the roots of her hairs.

“… All the way inside in one,” grunted the hunter, not dis-affected. “You are a beast.”

Rumia forwent replying, moving on to tug her necktie out of her shirt’s collar then to unbutton the shirt itself. The man eyed her appreciatively as she wiggled clean of it but left the tie dangling from her neck – where she’d been informed it looked “cute.” Yet another of those odd, human things. Clothes were cute, no lie, but she’d always found men more appetising without them than with. Still, she kept on the tie.

The rest of what the shirt had been hiding was anyhow more arresting. From the band of her pulled-aside panties up to her dainty bellybutton, Rumia’s tummy was swollen from containing the exorcist’s long, hard penis. The sensation of being full, of her other insides shifting slightly just to make space for the sex, coupled with seeing the protuberance, caused her head to swoon. Rumia brushed a hand up the distended region, up and up, then over one of her small, perky nipples, which proved so stiff and sensitive the touch alone made her body shudder. Turned on, giddy, not thinking of propriety, the little youkai of darkness leaned against the backrest of the man’s bent legs and whimpered at the starry, midnight sky.

All too. That’s how easy it was to forget how much she enjoyed sex.

The hunter’s jeer snagged her focus, “Comfortable, youkai?”

All the same, Rumia faced the stern man again – and nodded. There wasn’t a point in deception; the man could likely feel her horniness all along his erection. Rumia braced herself by his toned abdomen and rose a bit on her knees. The easing of pressure was instant, and she needn’t peek to know her vagina was leaving his shaft coated in warm juices. Inch after inch, the little youkai winched her waist and hauled her lower mouth up the man’s rigid length. His free hand sought and wrapped possessively around one of her butt-cheeks but daren’t interrupt what she was doing. Rumia clenched her teeth and kept going, going and going… until her narrow entrance began to stretch around his fat glans.

Then, slowly, Rumia righted up, wetted her lips… and lowered herself back to the man’s lap.

Twice as smooth – on account of the juices – the second insertion turned out even more fun. Trusting that the penis would enter her again without a hitch, Rumia thrust out her hips so that its tip rode along her vagina’s front wall. The secret, vulnerable spot, which Rumia had been shown by a nice, scrumptious young man in the past, responded to the prod, jolting her tummy with a shock of feminine pleasure. The hunter’s long manhood bottomed out a heartbeat later, Rumia’s slip plunging her slick vagina all the way down to its base. That time, they gasped their surprise together.

“… Some youkai, you are,” groaned the exorcist, fingers vising around her buttock. He lifted it, all but by himself, for the next stroke. “This feistiness must be punished.”

Claiming which, he pushed her back down his upright erection. He’d taken the hint. His tip jostled her precious place – then went on to cosy up with her baby room, scrubbed and kneaded by her squirming, writhing walls. Rumia locked gazes with the man, his eyes – dully human, hers – youkai-red, and did her best to ignore for now the eager tingling of her overstuffed privates.

“… I am youkai,” she promised the rapist exorcist.

The man scoffed at her – drew up her butt – then crammed his penis back inside her hardworking tummy. Rumia hissed as it stumbled all over her best, her rightest spots. The thing just knew how make her vagina feel good…

“I have lain with women less feisty than you, youkai,” said the very, very skilled hunter – as if she wasn’t herself a woman. “Such youth, also…” He swept his stare across Rumia’s naked frontage: the swollen belly, the red necktie drooping between her petite breasts and the hard, pink pearls of her nipples. “… What are you?” the exorcist then asked, dramatizing. “Youkai ought not to look like this; youkai ought not to do this. You are slacking, for that matter; shake your hips.”

Rumia bit back an indignant reply and, peeking at the nearby branch, resumed sticking herself onto his stubborn penis. Coaxed by the rugged fingers fondling her butt, she settled into a rhythm: sliding her soaked vagina almost up to his glans then swooping back down his length for her engorged petals to kiss his crotch – and for him to kiss her baby-room. And then over again. There was nothing for an undiscerned while but the sounds of copulation echoing in the woods: the slapping of skin, the squelching of scooped-out juices, the strained breaths of a youkai and her hunter hunting each other’s pleasure. The thrusts came easier and easier, Rumia’s insides now accustomed to the exorcist’s shape and girth. Her vagina squirmed and shivered around him with abandon. It was un-youkai-like, maybe… but it was making Rumia moan her excitement out loud. That balanced out the shame.

Humping the man at speed, the little youkai of darkness now of a sudden found he was attractive. The monasterial baldness, she could have done without – even if it would’ve lessened the labour of eating him – but the bravely schooled face compounded by the stifled groans of exertion tickled her on a very base, very youkai level. In all contexts and all positions – atop a man or wheezing down his neck – she loved that sound. Sex and predation may have been as far removed from each other as was conceivable, but some things… well, some things remained an exciting constant.

Rumia sat straight, swapping the up-and-down of penetration for the back-and-forth of grinding her weak spots on the exorcist’s obliging stiffness. He made no move to stop her. Only throbbed vigorously under her baby-room.

“Issit, hnn, as nice for you,” she asked him, another acquired line, “as it’s, fuhhh, for me?”

The hunter took measure of the small, virtually nude youkai mounted atop him – before sneering in a what-does-the-world-care-anyway way.

“… Never been harder on my life,” he confided.

To attest just such, he dragged Rumia’s unresisting hips forward, extracting from her half his impressive length – then sheathed himself up to her baby-room again. He really was hard. Rumia resumed twisting and twirling her waist.

“You can, hnn, let your see-men out inside me,” she proposed. More learned words. “Yunno? I am youkai. I won’t, fffh, get preggers… probably.”

At which, the exorcist sputtered laughter. “That is not how this works, youkai!” he chuckled. “Your ying is what you owe me; I shall not yield to you what stores I yet hold. I should relish naught more than to fill that barren, little womb of yours, but… no. You come, youkai – and spill your ying to me.”

Rumia’s mind hadn’t to race particularly fast. “What if you,” she suggested, “what if you gave me, eek, your yeeng – and then I gave back? Mine together with? Could do me, like, from behind, too.”

That gave the staunch man pause. After a moment, narrowing his eyes, he inclined his shaved head – and demanded, “… No deception?”

“I like it from behind,” argued Rumia. “My good spots get poked every time like that.”

Once more, there was a sneer – this one of a what-cometh-the-world-to variety. The noose tightened. “… Very well then,” he growled—

—and clapped both his wide, masculine hands down on Rumia’s hips.

The branch rolled to the mossy ground. Some detached itself from the man in its wake – something at once innate and external – but Rumia hadn’t the chance to place it before her butt was once again lugged forward on the exorcist’s lap. The little youkai of darkness clutched the exorcist’s brawny forearms, belly seizing taut as his penis first slipped out of her vagina… then slammed inside with vicious disregard for her soft, sensitive walls. Not a squeal had made it out of her throat when he repeated the motion. Then again. And again. Thrice and four times and eight and as many as Rumia’s fingers and toes. These weren’t the same conversational strokes of before. These were the apish thrusts of a brute who had scented his chance to breed. Rumia’s eyes rolled back in their sockets as the exorcist’s peaking manhood scoured her ecstatic vagina from lips to womb. Her hands curled into paws on the man’s chest. This was almost the best part.

The one in close following was the best. Overcome by her snug, cosy insides, the hunted man smashed her hips into his and there restrained them… while the palpitating head of his penis spewed his seed straight into Rumia’s baby-room. Rumia kicked a foot at the discarded branch before the shivers could set in: those wonderful pangs of joy at her belly being pumped full of hot, vital stuff. The exorcist groaned underneath her, teeth clenched, back arching; not about to perpetuate the “miracle” some of Rumia’s prey had lovingly explained to her, the exorcist was all the same keen on playing out his part of it. Trapped around his rapacious manhood, it was all Rumia could do to let him.

It wasn’t what she’d been waiting for anyway.

The last, debilitated throb. The deep, relieved breath. The slow relocking of focus. The dawning of awareness as the orgasm petered out and reality came crashing back. Of mistakes having been made. The missing length of purifying wood. The drained reserves of field-levelling ying. The widening of those ill-fated, human eyes.

Those weren’t what Rumia was poised for, either.

This was. The end of elation. The minute puncture in a man’s soul. The hair-rising point between when the fight-or-flight instinct flickers out and darkness sets upon the mind. The tipping point of terror.

Rumia drew of it.

Then she became the night.

On the morrow, a cooling corpse would be found in the woods by the village children. Half-eaten, but touched moreover: skin as chalk-white as if it’d languished a century at the bottom of a lightless cave. Like the boy before it. Like those before the boy. It would be days – and victims – before the next exorcist would conquer the remote trails of the Yatsugatake mountain range. Shinto this time, rather than whatever esoteric creed drove an onmyouji. A channeler dressed in robes the colour of light and blood. The same colours that would adorn her hair in perpetuity following the meeting.

It would mark the first time Rumia heard the name “Hakurei”.
The aloof face of the Moon slides up the night sky over the shrine’s roof. The many feminine voices of the flower-viewing party out front are no more than a muted, drunken buzz. A nature-gazing party after dusk sounded a dull idea when brought up first, but the guests have readjusted their attentions as appropriate. When you go back far enough, hops are nature too.

It is with that thought uppermost in my mind that I refocus my own attention on the natural beauty before me. Seated on the back porch of her home, Hakurei Reimu, the shrine maiden of Gensokyo, peeks up at me – pink of face but calm. I rather expected she would call our “breather” off at the first interruption, but no. Instead, she holds the bottom edge of her short, Summer vest pulled up to her chin and says,

“Just the wind. Go on, keep at it. I haven’t all night.”

I nod my assent and wrap my fingers back around my unsated erection. Reimu’s gorgeous, keen eyes lock onto my selfish motions, and she leans back to present me with an even clearer view of her nude chest. There is a certain underbite in her expression, a controlled annoyance, as I resume stroking myself to the sights and shapes of her nudity. It is an underbite I understand. A servant ought never to be serviced by their master. A shrine maiden should never leave her charges to play around. It is why, I imagine, we are both a smidge jumpy. It is why, I presume, Reimu’s cheeks are flushed pink… and her nipples stiff and cherry-red from arousal.

At the back of my preoccupied mind, the wilful little miss Reimu whom I met once years before at somebody else’s behest refuses to concede. She refuses to accept she is one and the same as the ripe, young woman now tamely baring her tits for a man behind her shrine while a besotted reception goes merrily on in her front yard – precluding her supervision. Nor am I without trace mistrust. The Reimu I am gratifying myself to is little no more. Her slim, girlish hips have widened, readying her for childbirth. Her breasts have plumped out beyond even the largest palm-size. Her tongue has taken on an edge and a vocabulary. Her gaze, misty though it may be, shamelessly ravishes the sight of my manhood flexing and throbbing in my fist. Her ample bust rises and falls with each of her short, furtive breaths.

The night is furnace-hot. Sweat pours from us both: mine, down my pumping arm, and Reimu’s – down the valley of her cleavage. There comes a heart-seizing moment as Reimu begins to shift on her seat, sliding into relief as she tugs her vest up and over her head. Her breasts shake and jiggle when she throws the garment aside, hair more than a bit mussed and the shrine maiden – now happily topless. Her youthful, cream skin glistens in the moonlight. Reimu settles again, all smug femininity, this time into a mock-prim pose that sees her hands folded on her lap and her soft tits thrust forward, squished between her arms.

I rise to the bait. I step closer, closer and closer – so close, the tip of my dick brushes the smooth, tight cleft between her plump breasts. Reimu tosses her head: a warning.

“No. Titfucking.” Her voice is arch, but it is the arch of a drawn bow. “I don’t want to have to clean up your mess. Capiche?”

Something in her glare stiffens me rock-hard for a beat, but I endeavour for a coy look and move my dick out of titfucking range all the same. In meagre reprisal, I tap my glans on one of Reimu’s obscenely erect nipples, leaving the areola smeared in precum. The shrine maiden rolls her eyes in a bother, lifting a womanly hand to wipe it off. The process lasts a while, her fingers dithering between their task and smearing my dick-lube in a lazy circle around the carmine peak of her breast. Quickening my pace, I angle myself so that, once it comes, the next sticky glob dribbles all over her undecided digits. Reimu swears under her steamy breath.

“—of a pervert,” she finishes, louder. A string of gooey precum stretches between her nipple and her hand when she pulls it away. “I am not going to blow you,” her lovely lips tell me from under an upturned scowl. “No way. Get it? Quit trying to goad me. I don’t want your taste in my mouth spoiling the sake.”

I mime a spot of the laughs. I haven’t, really haven’t the words to crush her excuse. To reveal the same concerns did nothing to stop her blond friend, even before the party. That I was torn away from the cooking and the sautéing, hauled by the collar and locked in the storage shed – then made to enjoy two intense, sucking blowjobs, one after the other, courtesy of the black-white witch. That, although my first, richer load was milked unceremoniously into an alchemical vial, my second went straight down the witch’s obliging throat. I recall, with rather an unmanly shiver, the gurgling sound of my dick scooping the mixed spit and semen out between her clenched tonsils. And then the wink with which she forewarned me she would have me “fuck her magic pussy” on the donation box once everybody drank themselves asleep.

A promise she will, I know, not keep. And to the good. That donation box is a friend in need.

Reimu appears to read my mind. Or some third of it anyway. Her fantastic, threatening eyes shoot wide – then narrow. “Marisa…?”

I shrug – part to tease her, part to show that I do not mind, either or. That I cannot mind. That should her friends, her guests, ever wish the use of me then I, merely the domestic, do not have the say.

A gleam of possessiveness flares the brown of the shrine maiden’s eyes in response. “But you’re mine,” she protests.

And I am. I was always Reimu’s, even in my tenure… elsewhere. But she needs not know this. And I do not give her the easy purchase, either. I touch the head of my dick to her slimy nipple instead then drag it down the round, vertical slope… until I am once again prying apart her squished cleavage. I slap, poke and prod at the sweaty, too-tight gap: a mute, needy suggestion for my reinforcement. The topless shrine maiden considers me with exasperation. It grows in thunder when inattention loosens her hold on her tits and my hard, precum-glossed tool manages to slip in between. The way eased by my natural lube and her sweat, Reimu’s warm, plush softness envelops first my bared glans, then my shaft, then at last the entirety of my elated dick once I bottom out and those fantastic tits are smushed into my trouserless thighs. The heat of her naked skin on mine is at once hellish and heavenly.

Groaning, I shove in deeper yet, grinding my topmost two inches up along Reimu’s sternum. I let off, hips juddering in pleasure, when the tippiest end of my dick peeks out of her snug cleavage.

At this point, Reimu’s face is a storm cloud. And I love that look on her. It is an odd sentiment to nurse for one liable to wipe me from existence with a negligent thwap of the gohei, but there have been odder things. Such as Reimu’s resigned sigh then whisking the black mood away. The risk of discovery looms still, yes; but then, I suppose I have coerced her right as she has me. It must be difficult for a woman in this circumstance to say no. It must feel petty to deny just this bit of service to a man who rubbed your clit and showed you your G-spot when you were but discovering your sexuality. A man who, throughout your flowering years, served his damnedest as your and your developing body’s stress toy. A man you inevitably forgot, who was now once more before you – pleading voicelessly to let him slide himself in and out between your now fully-grown tits.

I am, of course, not a man. I know I have Reimu’s maiden heart aptly fooled, though, when she raises her hands to grab and press her lush breasts together. The upturn of pressure is merely slight, deadened by the sheer suppleness of her young bust, but enough to coax a squirt of precum from my weakened manhood. It pools around my glans where it is nestled: filling the small, triangular crevice between Reimu’s squeezed breasts and chest. Surprising and electrifying me yet again, the shrine maiden murmurs something unbecoming, opens her mouth, unrolls her tongue – and adds a hefty gob of drool into the blend. Then another. This one she spits at my dick with a vulgar ptui!

Sweet oblivion, but I love this girl. I love her even harder when she cranes her provocative expression up at me. Her bluster betrays her for a single wince once I switch my hands to and grip her bare shoulders. We watch, enamoured both, as I begin to tow my hips back, extracting my dick from her clinging, predatory tits. How my glans vanishes in their plump embrace, the body fluids sinking after it. How inch after inch of my slick shaft glides out from between her pointy, swollen nipples. How my rigid manhood at last pops free – cords of tacky arousal joining its underbelly to Reimu’s sultry valley.

No more barriers to crack, the shrine maiden hefts her breasts and rubs them together for an indulgent while, grazing their stiff peaks on the front of my thighs more than the accidental thrice. At length, she splays her fingers – strengthens the hold – and lifts her tits slightly higher, proffering them for me to fuck. I give my shrine maiden ward an appreciative nod, wedge the head of my dick between her touching nipples and then jog her tanned shoulders – burying myself to the hilt in one, continuous stroke. A startled, though not wholly displeased murmur vibrates out from Reimu’s chest when the imbalance throws her face-first into my nude stomach.

Once she peels herself away, ruffled and blushing, the monogram Hakurei scowl comes home with a vengeance. I wallow in its threat, too turned on for fear, as I set about fucking Reimu’s lewd tits in earnest.

Soon, and the distant sounds of the party are no longer audible over the squishy, slippery sounds of its hostess’s breasts gliding back and forth along my dick. Reimu’s breath degenerates further into gasps of exertion and quiet cussing the longer she is forced to sandwich my pumping girth, but her pride takes the fore in the contest. The pressure on my dick remains steady; and even if the overall sensation – the featureless smoothness of her skin – is nothing to pen ballads about, the fact alone these are Reimu’s tits I’m about to cum from drives me to swing my waist like a horny beast.

Marisa, the witch, may have gotten me off with skilful tongue and lips (and, I do not lie, the flashes of her flat chest inside her low collar), but Reimu… Reimu, my ward, could get me hard simply by being Reimu around my dick. The titfuck is, really, just the flourish on top.

To which I then add my own by freeing Reimu’s shoulders: one hand going for the base of my manhood to wag it up and down between her shiny titties, while the other pinches a hold of one of her perky nipples. The slippery nub fights me; and so, I pinch harder, bullying a pained moan out of the shrine maiden’s filthy mouth. The answering glower tells me everything I may wish to hear. That her body does remember. That this is, in fact, what we used to do. What younger Reimu so often demanded me to do. To tweak and flick the tips of her budding breasts while she played with her barely teenage pussy under her clothes. Often atop me. Often twice, thrice and thrice more – whether I wanted to or no. I recall the sound and timbre of her blissed-out voice. The sordid scent of her squirting orgasms.

I recall the laundry I had to do afterwards.

Immersed in the memory – those salad days of being little Reimu’s sex toy – I near lose my handle on the present, where the same Reimu is now putting her matured bust to use in pleasuring my throbbing, overjoyed erection. She has renounced the breasts I now hold immobile by the nipple and resolved to mash her remaining one into it in harsh, scouring motions which see my rigid manhood rolled and scrubbed by the slippery, velvet goodness. I clench my loins, ready to spoil the approaching climax if it means an additional minute between the shrine maiden’s shiny tits. I am not let to be so clever.

Galled by her subservient role… or my lack of visible gratitude… Reimu calls me something I daren’t even acknowledge and redoubles her efforts toward painting her cleavage in my cum. The girl I once had to explain sex to, now all grown-up and sexier than I can sanely ignore, roughly reclaims her teat from my limping grip. Her perspiration- and precum-smeared breasts slap flush around my hot, edging manhood; and, ahead I can think a thought to the otherwise, Reimu’s tits are jerking me off at an angry, ruthless pace – their erect nipples scraping my abdomen as they bounce up and down my tormented length.

With this restraint, my beloved shrine maiden casts of all others; she grunts and swears in profusion as the titfucks me at obscene speed, lubricant squelching with each rapid stroke. The feeling of being coarsely polished from tip to root leaves my jaw hanging and my ears – thumping. I hear Reimu complain, even so.

“Cum already, you fuck—” There is a dull, faded pause as my attention takes the strategic leave. “—with your stubborn! Fucking! Cock! And stupid mug! Come on! Come ooon,, you—” And once again. “—and don’t you dare! Cum! On my! Tits!” groans Reimu, grinding said tits down my hard-on. “On my face! Capiche? I want you. To go. On my face! Like you used to, remember?”

The vision is a lash across my addled brain. I do. I do remember. Hakurei Reimu’s – the younger Hakurei Reimu’s – entranced ace as she witnesses a man’s orgasm up close for the first time. Unflinching – even when a rope of thick, hot sperm splatters on her dainty nose. And the older, sexier Reimu’s cowl, blurrily overlaid on top.

I erupt, the orgasm slamming into my trapped, sandwiched dick. The initial shot goes wild: jetting out from between Reimu’s tits in a powerful, white arc to waste itself on the patio’s floorboards beside us. The topless shrine maiden scrambles forward – seizes me at my wobbly hips – and shoves her face under my pulsing, cumming dick. I curb the urge to throw my head back and moan my ecstasy at the midnight sky; the sight of my ward’s lips, cheeks, nose and shut eyes taking the brunt of my ejaculation isn’t one I would miss for oblivion. Woozy, I congratulate my manhood; Marisa may have squeezed me dry not hours before but, by the time her titfuck has taken its own toll, Reimu’s face is coated chin to forehead in thick, warm semen. Stripped of everything but immense relief, I tap my softening erection on Reimu’s sticky lips. And, with docility I’d have looked for sooner in Marisa or the doltish half-phantom, Reimu lets me squeeze the remainder of my orgasm onto her indelicate tongue.

So much for that sake.

A groggy minute later, once she succeeds in cracking open one of her eyes, she tells me what she things of it all.

“… Scum.”

I cannot as much as agree before Reimu paws at the sleeve of my undone robe and, to a start of my cleanly heart, begins using it for a towel. I loose an inward groan, skin the thing all way off – and help the tyrannical shrine maiden along. I’d have had to wash somebody’s clothing after tonight at any rate it went; mine was only the last bet. Once her face is squeaky clean, and I have moved on to wipe “my mess” from her amazing breasts, Reimu shocks me once more: standing on her tiptoes and planting a brief, unforeseen kiss on my mouth.

Her eyes twinkle at the colour rising from my jaw. “… Hey, Zashi?” she nigh-whispers. The girl has such a flirty voice when she wants it. “Save up,” she commands me. “OK? Get a nice, big load in you. So we can put it all in here. Like we did all the time when we were younger – remember? It’s still my safe day tomorrow. Should be. Well—” she smirks, “—not like you care, ah? You porked me so often, we must’ve missed the window on at least one occasion.”

I… cannot rock my mental boat one way or the other. Reimu takes my embarrassed silence for consent.

“Great. Love you. Need to go now; Youmu’s likely to start slicing glasses about this hour. Lock up the booze if I pass out. OK? That’s a good man.”

I watch her hurry off along the patio, bust shaking, snatching up her discarded vest as she goes. I watch her squeeze inside it – do up her hair – then round the shrine’s mossy corner to re-join her guests at the processed-nature-viewing party. The black-white witch, the petite vampire, the ghost and the half-phantom, the dollmaker and even the redhead reaper. Colourful personalities all, worthy of the Hakurei’s company.

In moments, I will cease to exist.

Well, no. Nothing quite dramatic. I won’t be spared the awkwardness of pulling my trousers up over my spent, sensitive crotch. But I will fade from Reimu’s mind, supplanted by whatever excuse melds itself of her impressions. I will shed the form she believes me to possess – that of a “man her age;” and she will never have known me until I appear in front of her once more. Uncertain how much her memory of me has eroded this time.

I could curse the world for being so. I do not. Somebody has to pick up the pieces, and the somebody is me.

Because I am what I am. This is my lot in life.

I am Zashi. And I am the Hakurei shrine’s secret Zashiki-warashi.
Satori Komeiji trembled in inexplicable excitement. Today was it. The day. The momentous day, after nearly a year of sending Rin out to cajole, market, hawk her mistresses’ services to any who would hear. Even Satori herself, if asked, could not tell why she’d put so much effort into this project of hers, and would balk at looking inwards at it. In her heart of hearts, she knew the intentions were not wholly pure.

Regardless, now it was done. All she could do now was wait for her mark. She tapped her desk, bit at her nails, kicked her legs, got up and paced back and forth at regular intervals. Rin would laugh if she saw her master acting as such, for certain, but Satori could not contain herself. It was a wonder and a testament to Koishi and Rin’s skill that she had achieved it at all. Luring a young girl into the den of the most hated youkai to freely talk about their problems specifically should have been near impossible, but time and insistence were on the mind reader’s side. She knew first hand that Rin was a tremendous talent at getting what she wanted and annoying people, and there were a number of good arguments going for her, after all. She knew many people’s secrets already, and had never let a single one pass her lips without very good excuse. She’d been very well behaved in all fronts, ever since the underground was unsealed a good year ago. All in all, she’d made herself as trustworthy as she could have.

She paced again, running a hand through her messy hair and took a sip of her strong wine, calming herself as best she could. It was only the first session, and she wasn’t burdened with any over malicious thoughts. Only an edge, a blackened thorn in the corner of her mind that, unbeknownst to her, would come to grow and corrupt her mind into the one thing she didn’t want to become, the very fear that others held when they beheld her, ever since she was a flesh-eating, uncivilized stripling, running wild with her sister.

But for the time, no such thing went through her head. She was helping, yes, helping the poor girls of Gensokyo, burdened as they were by their own troubles. Satori had the power to help like no other living soul, and in her head, all she wanted in return was to be less hated. She believed this lie wholly — it was partially true, as the best lies always are.


She checked the ornate wall-clock. Only about half an hour until the appointed time. For the fourth time that day she went over her preparations.

It was one of the smallest rooms Satori could find in her oversized manse. Originally storage for cabinets upon cabinets of arcane paperwork, it comfortably fit a writing-desk, the all-important patient’s couch, a coffee table and a single bookshelf, but not much else. The room was wreathed in dim, flickering firelight from a fireplace she specifically had installed (at some cost) for this purpose, warming the mansion’s otherwise chilly air to a comfortable temperature. The clock ticked the seconds by audibly, but not loudly enough to perturb. The tea was ready to be steeped, prepared with a teeny tiny extra that would relax one’s mind — not too much, of course. Satori was not in the habit of drugging her guests. Just enough to open them to conversation, to the treatment she was offering. The couch, too, was made to measure. Impractically soft for actually sitting, it lulled you into lying down, measure by measure, else you end up sunk to the waist into its immense cushions. It was like sinking into a heavenly cloud, and Satori had once or twice sneaked away from her own bed to lie here at night.

The room, put together, had been turned piece-by-piece into one large trap, designed to coax the one entering it into the state needed for Satori to do her magic. The clock’s ticking, the tea, the flickering firelight, the couch. It was downright devious, if she could say so herself. Add to that the training she put herself through... For some reason, books on hypnotism were plentiful in Gensokyo. Go figure.

Finally, she heard the echoing of the enormous, magically-enhanced knocker at her front door, and it would have stopped her heart if it were beating in the first place. The time was nigh. She pointlessly tried to fix her hair and skitted down to the front door to the Palace of Earth Spirits, unceremoniously shifting it open.

Standing there was her first mark.
Youmu Konpaku had a broad education. She’d taken studies at the Konpaku School of Swordsmanship, been to lady Saigyouji’s Cookery Seminary, and was now a postgraduate at the Hakugyokurou Academy of Gardening. The count of things her swords, Roukanken and Hakurouken, youkai-forged, couldn’t cut was only forerun by those which hadn’t passed under her kitchen knives. There was not a fern or flower in the dead-realm she mightn’t name, none she couldn’t nurture into blooming. She was a warrior-servant, the best Konpaku loins had ever produced.

And she was fighting a losing battle with her own face when lady Yuyuko swished into the room. The vague widening of her lavender eyes might have been a trick of the dim lighting, or it might’ve been surprise at the two half-phantoms awaiting her at the table, one in the other’s lap. She moved on, graceful as the Sun-warm winds of the dead-realm, until seated opposite from her fantastic attendants. There was a soft, dignified cough and a faint, endearing smile.

“… Well?” lady Yuyuko said in her silvern voice. “Was there something requiring my attention?”

The older, wiser of the half-phantoms spoke first, his jolly, middle-aged voice rumbling behind and above Youmu’s left ear. “Certainly, certainly, ma’am,” he confirmed. “Yes, indeed. Yet before we rejoice you with these jubilant news… Youmu?

In his lap, the young Youmu Konpaku jolted to attention. She brought forth an obedient smile and plastered it to the front of her face with all the self-possession she could muster, which was not a great deal. The core of the warrior-servant understood the idea; the extremities of her body had their own. The busy, pantiless one underneath her skirt most of all.

Master Youki granted his student a moment’s mercy before prompting, “… Youmu?”

And Youmu, still a trifle jittery, complied, “Yes. Yes, um… thank you, lady Yuyuko, for all your tender care and patronage until now. This Youmu Konpaku is indebted. W—We do, however, have an announcement in regard to my tutelage. Master Youki?”

The old half-phantom grunted his approval. “Yes. Well done,” he praised.

As he did, his manly, Samurai’s hands wrapped around Youmu’s slight hips and drew her, very slowly, farther up his lap.

Youmu Konpaku strove to maintain and a grave and composed front as her great-uncle’s manhood was buried fully in her slick vagina. A pleased throb could be felt inside her belly once his tip came to an inexorable rest on the mouth of her womb. Under her grass-green dress, Youmu’s adolescent thighs trembled from the penetration. Without a shade of overt difficulty, her great-uncle had ground his stiffness against spots inside of her which, had it not been for her rigorous training, would’ve made Youmu moan her weakness out loud. She still wanted to; the sensation of her femininity being stretched and filled out from top to bottom was something she’d come secretly to pine for in the course of her schooling.

She still didn’t. She didn’t, because she was strong now, and because lady Yuyuko was watching her in faint wonder from across the table.

“… An announcement?” was her dignified prod. Inquisitiveness tweaked the point of her dainty nose.

Master Youki overtook whatever squeaked response might have passed Youmu’s rigid lips. “Yes. Yes, indeed. An announcement. As doubtless you will know, my lady Yuyuko, our Youmu has been hard, hard at work for these last, what, thirty—”

“Twenty, dear Youki,” corrected lady Yuyuko.

The older half-phantom harrumphed. “Yes. Twenty, it must be,” he conceded. “Twenty. How the time…”

“You aren’t that old, Youki. The announcement?”

“Ah. Apologies, my lady Yuyuko—” he bowed his top-knotted head, “—you know how the mind wanders. Our Youmu, yes, she has studied the myriad such arts as the Saigyouji have ever required of us, the Konpaku: from combat to matters of court, from ceremony through scullery work. I have bestowed upon her, for better or for worse, the most secret of techniques: the Ghost Sword, the Hungry King Sword, the Hell God Sword, even the rites of the Heaven God Sword, which I do so dread…”

Youmu squeezed her eyes shut, not listening. These were household names, known close by heart; so close, in fact, each caused a tremor of muscle memory beneath her pale skin. They were her own, once the blades were out and the steel sang.

And they were but a half of it. The other were her master’s firm hands, furtively nudging her hips back and forth. An inch at a time, he pulled his stiff manhood out of Youmu’s diligent vagina, only to before long reverse the motion and sheathe its whole length again in her slippery depths. His fat glans would no sooner kiss the entrance of her barely matured baby-room than Youmu’s great-uncle would steadily repeat the thrust: scraping her soft creases on the way out and rubbing up against her vulnerable spots on the return.

Unbeknownst to lady Yuyuko, who forbore Youki’s rambling explication with a smile, Youmu’s training continued beneath her clothes. Her innocent labia slid up and down her great-uncle’s shaft without the slightest resistance, yet she joined the battle elsewhere: by breathing in rhythm with his movements and tightening the muscles of her stomach on each insertion. Youki’s meandering voice belied his self-control; yet Youmu felt his rugged penis tense and twitch from the effort of prying her clenched walls. A small victory for his pupil and grand-niece, he had to postpone the next stroke – his manhood throbbing and smearing Youmu’s insides with proof of his waning endurance. A small victory for the master, her own juices had been flowing long before.

So long, their score wasn’t close to even to this day.

It wasn’t very respectful at all to keep a score against one’s master; Youmu, too, kept hers secreted and only for the reason she had scored the first point. She may remember it like yesterday: an evening, all the same some years distant, spent bathing away the day’s dust and grime with her great-uncle in Hakugyokurou’s hot springs. Questioning the old half-phantom on the long, protruding thingy in his lower quarters. And then being asked, in return for an explanation, to give it a fast massage with her hands. It’d be the first time in her life Youmu would see a man come, and the sight of his white stuff splattered all over her budding breasts would revisit itself on her dreams more times in the following days than she had fingers and toes altogether. Nor would it be the only; for Youmu’s great-uncle would go on to show his pupil that she, too, had likewise, if deeper hidden, weak spots in her body. And, also, how easily they could be reached by his long thingy.

It’d been the first joint of that leg of her training; and she and her great-uncle had since taken many and more opportunities to hone the resilience of Youmu’s human half. There’d be occasions the old half-phantom would ambush his grand-niece on the toilet and put his fingers inside her while she peed; there’d be instances he would catch her in the middle of an errand and shove a questing hand down her undies. There’d be times he’d interrupt their spars in the yard to drag the stupefied Youmu behind a tree, hike up her skirt, pull down her bloomers – and test the preparedness of what he dotingly referred to as her “kitty” with his invariably ready manhood.

And then there’d been those nights when Youmu’s great-uncle would summon her to his chambers where – sprawled nude on his futon – he’d let her to mount his erection by herself and shake her hips at her own pace until either of them came. Youmu had enjoyed those the most because, eight times out of ten, she’d get to hear the old half-phantom confess his defeat as his penis pumped her womb full of hot, sticky evidence. The clean-up had been worth every point to her tally.

He’d tied her up, too. She’d been trussed hand and foot – and made to endure climax after climax until able to suppress her voice.

The upsetting thing, and she wouldn’t say why it upset her, was that she wasn’t master Youki’s exclusive pupil. Not once and not ten times had she been woken after midnight by the sounds of exercise from adjacent chambers. A case of an unclosed door in one of those precedents would allow her the disclosure of lady Yuyuko going through similar training: riding buck-naked atop the old half-phantom, her matronly breasts pinched and toyed with by the Samurai’s rough hands. To Youmu’s startled envy, her master would seem to blow his load inside the ghost lady in record time. To her quiet conceit, lady Yuyuko had been nowhere, nowhere as adept as Youmu at masking her moans and orgasms.

She’d demonstrated as much the ensuing morning by padding into her great-uncle Youki’s rooms, stripping his hakama, licking his manhood (which smacked still of their ghost mistress) until it stood upright and then rubbing her kitty’s sensitive places on its familiar length. All without ever rousing her unfaithful master… or, indeed, the beautiful lady Yuyuko slumbering in the nude beside him. And then, for the remainder of the day, she’d not fall more than a step behind her great-uncle – wasting not one excuse to take him aside and service him with her mouth or to pester him to train her kitty behind the mansion. All the while the idle lady Yuyuko had gone none the wiser about her day – never suspecting that, once she’d served their supper, Youmu had done so with her belly already full of her master’s thick seed.

That same, oblivious lady Yuyuko listened now, kind of face and magnanimous, how master Youki lauded his grand-niece’s achievements – blissfully unaware that, below the skirts of her dress, Youmu’s vagina was being scoured, slowly, from end to end, by her great-uncle’s unrelenting penis. It wouldn’t have been half the issue if he hadn’t been stubbornly hitting her best spots or pressing the slimy head of his manhood up against the entrance of her baby-room whenever her butt was squished into his waist. It wouldn’t have been that much if her kitty hadn’t spent the half-hour awaiting lady Yuyuko trapped around and gently caressed by her great-uncle’s erection. It’d been enough of a shock, seeing him whip it out while they’d been expecting their ghostly mistress to appear; it’d hardly matched the turn of being subsequently commanded to tuck down her bloomers and straddle his lap.

A veritable blow to Youmu’s coolness, she’d been sopping wet by the third minute of grinding her kitty on his shaft – and begging him to put it in by the tenth. She’d managed to come once before lady Yuyuko had deigned to join them in the common room – yet it hadn’t done a thing to diminish her great-uncle’s skilled ministrations now. Her callow kitty was as open before his “sword” as her guard was to his wooden one when they sparred.

Youmu, who’d opened her eyes to peek at lady Yuyuko’s expression for marks of surmise – and found none – nimbly dropped them back shut. She couldn’t bear to look her noble mistress in the eye with master Youki’s penis massaging her wet insides. The small mercy so attained was proving fast to be a double-edged sword; without sight, Youmu’s petite, well-attuned body focused inward on its sensations. The tips of her tiny breasts were as hard as buttons, raspy on the linen of her undershirt; her left ear tickled from her great-uncle’s warm breath, and her hips were beginning to ache after half an hour of slow, continuous sex in the awkward position. Her glazed labia smoothed the way for her master’s manhood each time he slid it out, hugging the rugged shaft on the upstroke – until wrapped tight around its thickest part when he bottomed out. Her thighs were tingly, and her thin lips desperately craved something to suck on.

Youmu’s hard-wrought cool was slipping. Her great-uncle’s penis knew her soft spots like its own underside, and the old half-phantom made its every incursion up her sensitive kitty spark orgasmic fireworks in her groin. She was blushing. Master Youki was still talking, now about why the Hell God Sword rite was so concerning (it wasn’t, Youmu didn’t think), but it’d be the work of minutes for their long-suffering mistress to begin to bore. And then, once she looked closer…

Youmu rallied her crumbling discipline. Her kitty may have given in to her great-uncle’s stiff penis and its expert technique, but to come from it in front of lady Yuyuko was a disgrace she didn’t even want to imagine. She had to do something. She’d submit to whatever punishment master Youki would devise for her later and give him as many points as he would take. Now, shameful discovery hinged on her training.

Youmu— 

Youmu would not be had. The Konpaku name was weighed in the balance, and the youngest of it would ill humble her master by foundering in the presence of their noble mistress.

“—mightn’t be Konpaku-original,” maundered on her great-uncle, “yet, I warrant you, my lady Yuyuko, on my pride, decades of contemplation have fathomed deeper into its nuances than—”

He’d underscored how deeply his insights went by poking Youmu’s womb. Itchy, oozing their combined arousal, Youmu steeled herself as her great-uncle hauled her leaky kitty inchmeal off his rigid manhood. And then, just as she’d felt his glans begin to spread out her labia—

“—but for our Youmu, who has transcended and severed the Karmic Win—nguhh.”

—then, Youmu thrust back with her butt: enfolding master Youki’s whole erection in one stroke, her tightened walls scrubbing it harshly from the bare tip to the throbbing hilt. A vicious twinge shuddered up his length to squirt more warm pre-ejaculate straight into Youmu’s baby-room. Striking while the iron was hot, she gingerly mashed her denuded rear into her great-uncle’s lap – cuddling his weakened and overstimulated penis inside her vagina. His breath erupted all over her nape this time.

Yes. Youmu’s kitty may as good be her great-uncle’s plaything, yet she, too, had learned bit by bit of his own, infrequent faults. The old half-phantom might earn three points for every one of Youmu’s merely through his impervious stamina, but she’d sat on, swallowed and withstood enough bullying from his manhood to recognise where it fell, as it were, short. And that was in fending off sudden counterblows. The same manoeuvre that’d let Youmu to crack her shinai on his forehead was the key to making her great-uncle spew his white surrender up her precocious womb. Lady Yuyuko, Youmu rather fancied, must’ve been privy to this as well – except she had way more hip to slam into master Youki’s crotch.

“… Youki, dear?” cued their ghost mistress now. “Is something the matter?”

On the edge of her focus, Youmu read the amused tinge in her voice – as if she’d welcomed and pitied the interruption all at once. Master Youki, ever strategizing and seldom wrong-footed, coughed over the disturbance, smartly fettering Youmu’s hips to head off further ripostes. Inside her, his manhood flexed and throbbed still – corroborating plenty to Youmu that she’d done a decent number on her great-uncle’s staying power… as well, also, that a half-hour of teasing his grand-niece’s tight, submissive kitty had been too much to stand, even for him. His penis did stand on, however, and no mistake – its head flirting with Youmu’s deepest parts and its meaty trunk – girdled lovingly by her pubescent labia.

He cleared his throat with ostentation. “A—A bit of a hack, my lady Yuyuko,” was his emergency dodge. “Nothing lethal yet, let me warrant. Growing old is no picnic, I’ll tell you.”

“Ye-es,” drawled lady Yuyuko. “Only, my dear Youki… you claimed for the Heaven God Sword to furnish you with a source of concern – and yet, for the last, oh, five minutes, you have been warning me against the Hell God’s instead. Could they both hold tantamount perils? Hmm?”

Youmu sensed her great-uncle’s grip slacken as the mistake dawned. Within that heartbeat opening, she stole a glance at lady Yuyuko, whom she found in a complacent study of the old half-phantom’s face. So insured, Youmu pushed forward with her modest hips – until fully two-thirds of master Youki’s strained length had been deprived of her intimate embrace. His callused fingers clutched the band of her skirt, readying to drag his unruly grand-niece back in and onto himself again. Youmu resisted, digging her toes in, waiting her master to answer to their mistress—

“… Certainly, yes, ma’am,” he managed to at last, “from a practitioner’s standpoint, the two may differ but in the name before such a time when the rites are perfor—rrghh.”

—at which verbal mark, Youmu once more drove her butt hard into his waist. Her pursed, narrowly fitting vagina ate up her great-uncle’s manhood in an instant: engulfing it from tip to root in its cramped, slippery goodness and torturing the head with another smooch from her unprotected baby-room. Master Youki’s lap quaked below her, his penis stiffening rock-hard inside her belly. He hadn’t come, though. He hadn’t but, Youmu much suspected, only since he’d girded his loins beforehand. She’d simply presented too obvious a tell – even if her pouncing kitty had stripped his manhood of its final defences. Youmu could feel it: rearing to shoot her great-uncle’s seed into her pregnable womb. She could sense it dribbling over her insides in apish impatience. It beggared belief lady Yuyuko hadn’t yet scented the sordid aromas of incestuous sex wafting from under her younger retainer’s dress.

Then again, it could be lady Yuyuko’s nose was maladjusted to things that weren’t, by definition, food.

“More than a bit of a hack, is it, Youki?”

Youmu had to suppress a triumphant smile when their mistress’s query passed without response. This’d happened before, it struck her. Yes, it had. Not in these same, precise circumstances but near enough to shake down Youmu’s memory. It’d been the dead of winter in the dead-realm then, and Youmu had crawled and fallen asleep under the kotatsu table she and her great-uncle towed out of the storeroom for cold seasons. She would come to a time later to sounds of hushed conversation… and two pairs of legs crammed together with her inside her favourite nap-space. The first of these had been master Youki’s: hairy and spread-eagled as they were wont to be whenever her great-uncle laid his guard too low.

The other legs had belonged to lady Yuyuko, and they’d stretched, pale and smooth, all the way to master Youki’s end of the table… where her flawless, nude feet had been sandwiching his brazen erection.

Youmu, mired in sleep and more than a little intrigued, had therefore watched on, quiet, not daring to move while their ghost mistress had serviced the old half-phantom between her heels, soles and under her toes. And once the young Konpaku had marshalled the courage to twist her head around, she would see the noble lady Yuyuko, for lack of other entertainments, comforting her bushy privates with the aid of her fingers. Almost, and Youmu would’ve purposed to emulate her mistress; only, her great-uncle must have stumbled on some conversational hurdle, because Youmu had heard their ghost mistress gripe and seen her perfect feet retract in an air of pique. She hadn’t quite quit toying with herself – but had left the old half-phantom’s manhood quivering and destitute.

And Youmu, who’d been turned on since waking up from her less than decent dreams, would use of this chance to wiggle between her master’s outspread legs. She’d touch his fleecy inner thigh: a secret indication she’d been there… and then take his neglected, needy penis into her mouth. For unremarked minutes, Youmu had fellated her great-uncle under the table; she’d polished his shaft from base to tip with her small tongue; she’d tugged his foreskin back and sucked on the bare glans; she’d slipped her lips up and down his fluttering length until pre-come-rich saliva had been trickling down her chin. And once her master, who’d throughout this held a faltering talk with their noble lady up above, had succumbed to her skills at last, Youmu would wrap her mouth around his pulsing girth – and gulp down spurt after spurt of her great-uncle’s clingy, pent-up seed.

She’d recover from her horny daze minutes later: shallow of breath and sticky of throat… with lady Yuyuko now gone and master Youki’s wobbly hand petting her overworked head.

“My lady Yuyuko!”

The adults straightened as one at Youmu’s exclamation, who’d snapped her eyes open to see her mistress’s glide over to her from her master. The young Konpaku bounced to attention, up and down on her great-uncle’s lap… extracting first then plunging his defenceless manhood back inside her tight, drenched kitty. His tip thumped into her cervix, startling Youmu half to death, all but causing all her poise to escape in a feeble squeak.

And yet, he didn’t come. His stiff, tumid erection night on jumped under her bellybutton, yet its Samurai owner refused to give his grand-niece her win. Indignant, caution shunted aside, Youmu feigned a discomfort in her seat and repeated the motion twice in swift succession. Smack and smack – a fierce, double stroke to finish off her great-uncle’s thick, tenacious manhood.

There was a wheezed grunt. A judder of her master’s thighs. A powerful throb inside her belly.

And then, Youmu Konpaku felt the first, long, vigorous squirt of his seed gush into her baby-room.

“M—My lady Yuyuko,” she spoke over the sensation, “I beg you to pardon my scatter-brained master. What he meant to say was—”

Underneath her skirt, Youmu’s kitty squeezed down on her great-uncle’s swollen, twitching penis as though to egg it on. Surrender, once given, came on in copious spurts. Overcome by the frailty of his own manhood, the old half-phantom nevertheless held her hips firmly in place – keen to ensure, at least, that the entirety of his load would end up in his grand-niece’s young womb.

“—it was,” Youmu resumed, her lower body aquiver with excitement, “that, in three days’ time, my lady Yuyuko, I shall be put to my final tests in magick duelling, officially to become your, my lady, envoy in matters offff… of policing. Yes.”

Abashed by the slip, the younger half-phantom surveyed her ghostly mistress’s face for signs of wariness. On the opposite, however, lady Yuyuko wasn’t wary. Not in the least.

She appeared… bored, somehow.

“Oh,” she said. “… Is that everything? Youki? Yooouki?”

Youmu felt panic bubble up in her chest. Her great-uncle’s penis was far from spent: still bucking inside her, still pumping its sticky yield into her exultant kitty. Only fools and children, nonetheless, dared brush off lady Yuyuko; though master Youki endeavoured to answer the call, all the same.

“Afraid—” was his grunted attempt, “Afraid hngyes, my lady—”

“Youki!” cut in their ghostly mistress, seeming discontent. “Youki, Youki, Youki. This is unseemly! Hoisted by your own mighty petard? You cannot be serious.”

“Apologies. Apologies, my lady,” sniffed the old half-phantom…

… and then jogged his grand-niece back and forth in his lap. He winced from the sensory overload, but stealthily. And Youmu, who’d scarcely followed the exchange – or, truthfully, not at all – now had to contend with her great-uncle’s seed being rubbed and kneaded into her kitty’s folds. It was… galling. Victory might be its own sugar, but Youmu had taken strongly to the thrill of keeping her great-uncle sheathed all the way inside her when he came. There’d ever been something fantastically right – and delightfully wrong – in having her womb receive the fruits of her hipwork. Oral service was fun, it was varied – but a poor distraction beside the mysterious joy of being come inside. A drop not in her baby-room, Youmu frustrated behind her stolid expression, felt a drop wasted.

Across the table, lady Yuyuko, who’d had no way to know all this – right…? – slapped her palms on the tabletop like two porcelain gavels. “Well!” she said. “Meseems then, my dear Youki, that you shan’t be going to… get to know Yukari’s new shikigami after all. We had an agreement, no? Hadn’t we an agreement, Youki?”

Master Youki mustered his pride. “C—Certainly, my lady.”

“And have you, Youki,” drilled lady Yuyuko, “failed in delivering on your part?”

“… Ye—Yes, my lady.”

A chill, crescent slice of a smile frosted over their ghost mistress’s lips. “Then I conclude,” she announced, “that our deal is off. Good day.”

Coolly as she’d arrived, lady Yuyuko arose from the table and span away to leave her two retainers, one of whom, if one were to go by her words, had misused grossly of her attention. At the doorstep, which the mistress of the dead-realm, being a ghost, was ill like to bother opening anyway, she cast a parting glance over her shoulder at the respectfully attendant, younger of the Konpaku. Something caught in one of her lavender eyes, causing it to blink. And then, true to her means, lady Yuyuko thoroughly ignored the door – and quit the room.

Outside the purview of their mistress, though buried inside her still, Youmu’s great-uncle leaned in, exhaled and planted a kiss behind her left ear. Youmu schooled her face.

“… Gone and done it now, you rascal girl,” was his groaned rebuke. “You haven’t the first what I had ridin’ on this.”

“No,” agreed Youmu, shaking her silver locks left and right despite the retribution promised by his tone. “No, master, I haven’t.”

And she didn’t. Youmu Konpaku hadn’t “the first” of many things. The goings-on of Hakugyokurou fell outside the scope of her understanding, as did most all of lady Yuyuko’s politic whimsies, and that was fine. The Konpaku weren’t advisors; they were a sword… or, well, a spade and a paring knife also when it came down to brass tacks… but a sword above all else. Swords needn’t comprehend; they needed edge, purpose and pride in their wielder. And these, Youmu Konpaku carried in her soul.

Among swords, however… Yes. Among swords, competition had a place. And this was the reason Youmu Konpaku smiled a catlike smile. She couldn’t guess at what’d just passed between her great-uncle and their mistress, but she knew this at least:

It had been worth two points and no discussion.

Being that I am a succubus, the situation I find myself in isn't exactly a terribly uncommon one. My entirety, after all, is focused on sex; my existence is predicated upon it. Where should I be found but in the middle of carnal encounters, then? It's only natural that my thick hips lower slowly and my cunt tightens around each inch of cock that I fill myself with. It's barely less common that I run my hand along my stomach, feeling the bulge that travels upwards as I enjoy this wondrous specimen of turgid flesh. It's daily at least that I can be found with a hand upon one of my hanging breasts, plenty enough to hide an average endowment, twisting and flicking a nipple as I sigh in pleasure. None of this is strange. None of this is foreign. There is, however, something that is, here in this scene. And that would be my partner.

The strangest thing about her is not that she's a she, nor that, as a she, her crotch bears an appendage which can make a size-obsessed succubus salivate. The most confounding thing about her also isn't her apparel here in the early afternoon – she seems to favor these purple, ribbon-laden pajamas, no matter the time of day... I tend to guess it's because their flowing nature is meant to obfuscate her somewhat fatty figure. The floating books and implements that surround her, they are to be expected, for few with no magical aptitude ever have a run-in with any demon, even one of lust. No, the queer thing about my partner right now is that her eyes are locked onto those books, not onto me; that she's only undressed herself enough that I can get it in, rather than flinging her garb off with supernaturally induced passion; that her dick bears no honesty and awards me no hint of its pleasure, neither throbbing with the need for release nor forcing her hips to lunge at me with all she can muster. My most recent master, Patchouli Knowledge, is the strangest person I've ever met, as all signs say that she would like it more if only I were nothing but an automated grimoire delivery system.

Thus today, again, I'm trying to tease some greater reaction from her. To get any hint that she has a libido, somewhere, buried under this flat, bookish personality. Yet she refuses to make it easy for me. No matter where inside I clench, no matter how deep within I accept her, no matter what substance I make my nether lips secrete, she refuses to so much as acknowledge these efforts. To her, this is an obligation – the clause she accepted when she signed on the dotted line. I spear myself down several inches all at once, letting my cervix part as easily as can be, shuddering at the feeling of her head scraping against my womb with a spray of precum. Yet she holds in any sign of passion better than I, her eyes not so much as twitching as that entrance tries to close itself and massages her in doing so.

Laying it on thick, I let my eyes roll back to the point the amber irises all but vanish, leaving almost nothing but pitch-black sclera left to see. With less acting than usual, I offer an impassioned cry of, “Oh, Patchouli! I love it when you fill me like this! Fuck me deeper! Don't stop until every inch of you is buried in me!” My hands wrap around her and attempt to pull the two of us closer, pressing my naked body against her soft clothes, letting hellish heat radiate off of me and into her. I lean under the book she's trying to busy herself with, pressing my lips to hers and trying to slither my thin, forked tongue through to play with her own. She does not buck, acquiescing to this heartfelt desire to be fucked. She does not open her lips, letting herself be drawn into a kiss.

She doesn't do more than stare blankly at me like I've lost it before raising her book and pushing me back with magical force, so she can return to reading. The statement she offers as her eyes resume sliding across text is so cold it could put out the eternal fires back home. “I've told you before, whatever you do while exacting your price, you are not to interrupt my reading. You were at least doing well in observing this rule before, so please continue to refrain from being more bothersome than you need to be.”

The statement hurts, just a little – I may be hamming it up, but I am legitimately delighted to be able to appreciate her cock. I won't chance interrupting her reading again, but I've already chosen my path, and I'm not going to deviate from it. Since she won't do it for me, I slam myself down and force her to hilt inside. A library is ostensibly supposed to be quiet, but the slap of our thighs meeting echoes and ensures that's not remotely the case, especially given the moans I mix with it. Looking down to my stomach, I can see it being punched out, skin stretching delightfully far – to say nothing of what I feel within, my lower mouth morphing, twisting, and expanding, the better to allow me to accommodate everything I'm being offered. I pry back and crash again, and there's nothing peaceful about the library right now each time that I do.

Soon enough, I ensure my screams of pleasure are more than pure noises of ecstasy. “Patchouli, Patchouli, I love you!” I declare, every ounce of my voice carrying sincerity as I bounce myself. I earn a blink as a response, while she turns the page of her book. I follow up, “Hold me! Hold me close and never let me go! Show me you love me back!” I believe she's muttering about magical formulae after that, having masterfully tuned me out. I try just a little harder, delivering a line that breaks through to almost any heart, “I can't live without your dick! It's the-”

Surprisingly, she pipes up to interrupt me before I can describe the ambrosia it spits out, countering my words without a trace of emotion in her voice. “Hardly true. In fact, discounting fairies, there are no less than five other phalli you could use to sustain yourself on these grounds alone – eight, if you count Flandre's clones.”

While she isn't wrong, I can't help but think she's missing the point of my statements, and quite likely on purpose. I'm not going to let her kill my buzz, though. I slam into her all the harder, to the point the chair she's sitting in creaks and rocks, seeding magic into the shouts that follow. “It has to be you! No one else in the mansion could possibly satisfy me! These moments with you are all I need!”

But the words that should conjure hearts inside of eyes and leave someone a slave to pleasure simply fall upon deaf ears, earning a disinterested, “Oh, really? Once a week is enough to satiate a succubus? Fetch me Faust's Manual of Demonology when you're done, would you? I'd like to put some notes in the margins, in light of this.”

As an expert in creating a mood, I almost have to applaud her ability to be a diametrically opposed expert in killing one. It nearly makes me not want to bother, but I'll be damned – more so than a demon inherently is – if I'm letting her win that easily. While they might not pull us together, my hands behind her claw at the cloth keeping me from her back as I continue, “Only if it's you! No one else can make me feel the way you do! I wish I could always be with you!” Amid this shouting, amid every other creak and slap boldly declaring our little romp, comes the steady drip of fluids, pittering against the hardwood floor. Not from the pre that's gushing out of her head, which cannot so much as dribble out of my womb, but from the aphrodisiac flowing from my nethers as I work myself up. Yet what good is it, when it cannot spur her to any sexual desire? When she shrugs it off as easily as any other tool I might tempt her with?

But I can't let these thoughts intrude upon the one moment I get to try. Though the dirtiest of my tricks wash off of magical wards, I can't let that stop me. There has to be something mundane I can throw at her, something that doesn't rely on magic. My spade-tipped tail twitches beneath me, and slaps against the balls I've been working so hard to get something out of; there it feels the radiant heat, the smallest things she can't possibly hide – those pulsations that prove I've done my work well. Yet it doesn't even disturb the rise and fall of her chest, the measured and steady rhythm she forces it to hold. It's cheating. I may not have room to talk, possessing an impressive number of magical tricks to make my partner feel what I want, but none of those actually work on her. While it's stupid, and petulant, and childish, I can't help but find it unfair and infuriating. Something in the pit of my stomach is uncomfortable with this situation – and not just because it's become rather cramped in order to make more womb.

“I believe I'm about there. Please clamp up, so that we don't make a mess.” Without fanfare or any hint she's even enjoying it, she gives me that line, which coincides almost perfectly with what my tail feels as my thoughts are cut into: the rise and fall of twin hanging orbs while they pump, and pump and pump. It's visible going up my stomach, and it's easy to feel the waves of white traveling through her shaft. I have a second before it really gets going to at least make the attempt.

Finding reserves untapped, I hold the folds of her pajamas tightly and let loose, “Fill me up! Fill me with your seed! I want to look pregnant! I want to become pregnant! Mark me as yours, Patchouli!” I get about halfway into that before the first shots begin to do as I'm asking. She may not enjoy this one bit, but she certainly tends to cum as though she is. I'm struck inside with enough force to add another half-inch to the distension proudly on display, as I hold myself down on her and ensure there's zero chance I miss even a drop. Thick, sticky, and near molten, the seed that floods me hangs from the ceiling of my womb, dripping down in strands that could spend minutes trying to reach its base, were another rush of the stuff not there a second later to tear it down and replace it. The sensation is divine, and my act is another degree closer to reality, moans bearing enough enthusiasm for the both of us. My tongue lolls freely, allowed to do what it will, and my tail spikes straight up, at attention as a consequence of my own reciprocal orgasm.

Being so packed, violating myself with this much, is only one part of the reason why I've been gripped by these throes; several parts more are the cum itself, and its taste. For down there, no lie can be told; the womb of a succubus knows that which fills it. And while the permeating, almost overwhelming note of ash might be greeting me, assuring me that my master takes no pleasure in this, there is more that mixes with it. Sweeter than any sugary confection, as addicting as drugs of vice, the taste of pure magic to be found every time she empties herself inside me is intoxicating. Cradling it within myself is enough alone to reach the precipice of climax, and I'll be greedily holding onto it for such purposes. Not that I'll be rationing it to ensure I can. The outline of her girth is steadily being replaced by the swell of her load, well before she's finished. Gallons galore are leaving her and entering me, finding a new and hungry home to house them, which sags with passing time.

It feels like forever, but isn't likely more than a minute or two, before I stop getting fresh doses of it, and the member within me begins to shrink to a size that doesn't look like it should be able to grow so cunt-crushingly huge. Behind it, the cavern it's filled to the brim snaps shut, trapping every delectable morsel within. Internal distortions vanish, anatomy slowly builds itself back to a more human structure. And I'm cum-drunk for several more seconds – at least until the lack of anything rigid holding me in place means my swaying takes me tumbling backwards, crashing to the ground below. The pain might bother me more, if masochism wasn't a requirement to stay sane in the lower planes I hail from. Shoving myself back up, I fondle my gut, which certainly looks several months into a healthy pregnancy. I don't have long to muse on how full I am – in many senses of the word – before a curt cough demands my attention.

“I believe that's everything, yes?” Patchouli clearly believes that quite firmly, as she's already fixed her clothes so that she looks decent again, starry little nightcap levitating off her hair a moment before settling back down, no longer lopsided.

Fighting back all instincts to sigh, now that the initial rush of bliss has worn off, I nod first instead, little bat-wings on my head fluttering as I do. “Yes, thank you! I'm happy I got to taste your cum again!” I smile, and rise into an almost unnaturally cheery and cutesy voice with what remains of the afterglow.

Patchouli's tone, however, refuses to raise above business-like. “Good, then. Kindly clothe yourself, would you? Remi may be endorsing this kind of thing at the moment, but I don't need the fairies getting more ideas while they're in my library.”

With a snap, the order's obeyed; fire and brimstone spark at my feet, rising to envelop my body as it turns to fine fabric. A black skirt-vest combo appears, clinging to my curves and pushing up my chest. The long sleeves of a white undershirt escape from beneath, terminating at my wrists where they're primly cuffed. Conjured last to round it off is a vibrant red tie that fits snugly, while I toss the errant strands of long, similarly colored hair back into place after their mussing. When I'm sure everything's in order, my heels click against the wood below. I know that I look every bit the sexy secretary, and I know assuredly that the mage continuing to flip pages doesn't actually care.

“Is there anything else you need while I'm fetching that book?” I ask, folding my arms behind myself while I wait for an answer.

“Very funny,” she retorts, with no chance she means it. “I would appreciate it if you would clean up your attempt to drug me into submission with your secretions. After that, I don't believe I'll be needing anything from you for a while. If that changes, I'll be sure to let you know.”

Another snap summons the aphrodisiac that's threatening to stain the ground, which swirls its way up, twists into my skirt, and so returns whence it came. Waste not, and all that. I wink at her as I go, useless a gesture as it may be, and leave her to her studies, listening to the sounds of her chair scooting back into place. After passing a dozen of the absurdly massive bookshelves, I feel confident in stopping my retreat, pausing to lean against one. Now, finally, I can sigh. “Shit,” I spit, venomous after another failure. Two months of this, and not a single thing different in any encounter. Every failure to get her even gasping the half-assed 'name' I received upon being summoned stings more than the last, and not in the kind of way that makes me want a good whipping. It's an unfamiliar sensation I'm not wholly able to place, further compounding this boiling frustration.

The coughing fit which has started up in the distance, loud even after making it to me, serves to further slap me across the face. Half the time, she can't keep her body in line to function normally; doesn't that make it severely bullshit she can hold herself perfectly stoic for even a quick bout of sex? It makes absolutely no sense. But sitting here bitching to myself about it isn't going to solve the problem any more than it did last week. Leaving my master to cough her lungs out, I pick myself back up and think what I want to do with my free time.

Well, I've heard it said that fresh air is often good for thinking – and now that I recall, the gate guard's rather nice, as well. Maybe consulting her over my woes and whatever this gnawing I'm feeling is could be helpful. It's better than sitting here listening to my master try to beat her record for largest number of sequential coughs. Three dozen's the best I've heard so far, and I'm impressed she had enough breath to get through that one.

Thankfully, I've been here just long enough that the sheer size of the library has stopped intimidating me... even more thankfully, magical flight comes cheap in this place. The wings on my head flutter and lift me up above bookshelves taller and wider than houses, letting me bypass the labyrinthine layout of this place. I occasionally glance below, and find that clothing myself was a little pointless; the fairies that're gathered here have already decided to have some fun. Admittedly, all of my hollering earlier can't have helped that situation any more – Patchouli might be immune to every one of my tricks, but these fairies are notoriously weak to... everything, really. They're just notoriously weak. I consider slinging some magic into the mix of a few, just to spice things up for them, but they probably wouldn't do much with the gifts anyway.

Somehow, the architect of this place avoided making the library's entrance as large as the thing itself. You'd almost believe normal humans live here, until you opened the double doors and realized you couldn't see the ceiling. Pushing them open, I arrive in the main foyer of the mansion. The actually important bits of it all link up here, which tends to be handy; very much saves time when you're trying to get from here to there. The helix staircase in its center runs through every floor, which seems like a much more preferable option than having to get to the end of a wing in order to change floors. But I'm not here to muse on architecture, or appreciate the suits of armor flanking the entrance like they're even necessary to guard the place; I'm here to head outside, so outside's where I head.

Now, no self-respecting demon would admit to their favorite color being green, but I won't say I mind the view whenever I head out here. The grass is always meticulously kept, which is a feat, because there is a lot of it; the courtyard they've fenced in with that brick wall is by no means small. It's cut through the center by a long trail of cobblestone, which is itself forced to part around a large marble statue. One of those water-spewing affairs, the kind that ensures there's always at least a slight sound of splashing. Not actually all that fond of it, not because of the noise, but mostly because cherubim are kind of assholes – never had a good run-in with one, don't think I ever will. The further I get down the cobble path, the more I can make out of the flower garden that runs the outer perimeter of the place. A chaotic kaleidoscope of colors, it looks like what was planted where wasn't given much thought, but I find that difficult to believe, as I've yet to spy a weed left to grow and its sheer vibrancy assures me it is exceedingly well cared for. And of course, omnipresent despite being free to roam wherever, there are squads of fairies flying around. Some are actually tending to the garden, some of them are engaging in adorable little lascivious public displays, but most are just playing games of tag and the like.

I stop for a second to take a sniff of the flowers, but find something much more entertaining hitting my nose. None of the little nature sprites going at it could possibly hit my senses like this, so I can hazard a guess as to what's going on across the border into the rest of this land. My head wings flutter, rather than shove open the spiked, iron-wrought gate, and so I'm greeted with the sight mansion security, Hong Meiling.

There are a number of features about her that are exceptionally easy to pick out, even at a glance. She's the tallest person living at this mansion without contest, beating the maid handily, and the maid isn't exactly short. While she doesn't look like some kind of herculean Adonis, she's nonetheless one of the only people I've seen since my arrival that has any kind of defined muscle at all, which would make her seem more imposing than most. Would, but her size and stature are offset by her eyes, a sparkling blue that always seem to say she's got time to sit and chat, if you do too. Her hair's about as long as mine, and a slightly brighter hue of ruby-red; I might have seen it shine once, when the light hit it just right, but I think that was just that 'chi' thing she talks about. I've never seen her in anything but a Chinese style dress, often one that's exceedingly high-cut; this jade colored affair with a gold dragon adorning its front isn't much different, and the region those slits reach would be scandalous, if this place had the concept of scandals. It really doesn't seem to, though, especially given the most obvious feature of her that's been saved for last.

In each of her arms at the moment is a fairy stripped of uniform, and judging by just how red their faces are, my estimate for how they're doing is roughly around, 'Keep me in coach, I can still do it.' That being mumbled by the half-conscious player who's getting dragged off the field. The reason for this is that the gate guard has not one, but two dicks growing out from where one might reasonably expect a girl has a hole, rather than a rod, one stacked atop the other. The fun doesn't stop there, though. Her nickname of 'The Dragon' seems to be quite literal, because they aren't actually humanoid. They're decidedly reptilian in nature, with a more pronounced tapering to a point, and a nearly pure white color. The barbs running along them might look painful, but given how I see them shifting, they're not actually solid enough to do any real damage, even to pint-sized toys like the fairies here. No, the problem the fairies are really having, and the reason they look like they can't breathe, is that Meiling is the biggest here in all respects; I was singing my master's praises ten minutes ago, but even one of these is thicker and longer by a margin I wouldn't discount. She isn't even ravaging them properly, it's mostly that even a shallow thrust stretches them a bit past what I'd estimate their limit is.

She's looks very intently focused on her work, but evidently not so focused she can't turn to look at me and offer a glittering smile. “Koa! Patchy not have you fetching an entire shelf's worth of books today?” Her voice is as light as her eyes would suggest it is, the polar opposite of how my master tends to regard me.

I lean against the gate with my hands behind my head, letting out a heavy breath. “Thankfully not, after yesterday. By the time I was done with the list she had for me when I woke up, I was already so tired I just went back to bed. Does she really read enough she needs it all in bulk?”

She chuckles as she delicately raises and lowers the fairies, who let out strained grunts and seem to be getting closer to tapping with every second. “You'd be surprised. She can get through those things impressively quick when she's really on a roll with her latest project.” One of the fairies starts clutching at her stomach, which I have to assume is pressed uncomfortably against three other organs at the moment, and Meiling pauses for a second to give her a look, receiving a very unconvincing little, 'Doing fine.' gesture.

“Are you entirely sure she can actually do anything quickly, even reading?” I counter, letting perhaps a bit more frustration tinge my question than I intended. “She looks like she has enough health conditions a stiff breeze could kill her by accident, and every single time that black-white witch has come, she's gotten her ass handed to her in the duel that followed.” I also enjoy that last remark just a little more than is strictly healthy in a master-servant relationship.

“If she couldn't, would you have half the work you do? I may not go into the library often, but I've seen how thick those tomes are. I'd need a month to get through one, and that's assuming all the magical jargon made any sense to me. And Marisa's... well, a bit of a special case, from what I've heard.” The other fairy, who isn't clutching her stomach, is kicking forward with extreme prejudice at this point. It looks more reflexive than anything. I have to wonder how much these girls are getting out of this, because they're forcing themselves really hard.

Processing sexual information is more autonomous than anything, so while that's running through my head, I'm going through the very short job of considering her words. Of course, I'm forced to sigh and concede the point. “Yeah. Carting them around probably wouldn't take half as long if each of them didn't weigh half a ton. What's so special about that other witch, then?”

Meiling gives pause when presented with this question, its answer evidently far from her lips. The fairies in her arms are both gritting their teeth rather violently by this point, despite the fact that the guard doesn't seem to have gone a centimeter deeper than prior, or sped up at all. I can practically feel them cracking under the strain. Might honestly need to help them, because it doesn't look like either side's gonna make it, at this rate. Before I can, though, the thoughtful humming I've been listening to is replaced by a somewhat sheepish answer, “I don't think I can really, properly explain it. There's a few different sides to it. You should just ask her yourself sometime; I think that'd be for the best.” She shuffles her grip on the fairies, careful not to let them slip and fall. Gravity would have a hard time fucking them any more thoroughly, but she doesn't risk it regardless. When she's got them situated, her hands are each atop a fairy's head, patting gently at their hair and assuring them they're doing a wonderful job. If it's helping, it's so subtly even I don't notice, and there's no appreciable difference between that and it doing nothing.

That's all running in the background while I slide down, letting my ass thud against the dirt road that leads to the rest of what civilization can be found here. My laugh is wry, almost closer to a bark than anything, and the bark is followed with a biting, “The way she acts most of the time, I don't think she'd be willing to explain it to me.”

I get a thoughtful nod, and it's not long after she suggests, “You've been sounding a little frustrated with her. Feel like letting it out?” Now, some might say that it would be rude to try and listen to someone's emotional baggage while you're in the middle of potentially saddling two midgets with their own by sticking your dicks in them – but I'd say it's far more rude to interrupt someone's good time. Even if the only hint these two are getting one is the near indiscernible scent of very feminine fluids dripping from them.

I hesitate a second, most of my temper showing of its own volition, but eventually figure I've yet to meet a better person to confide in since being summoned. “Yeah, actually, thanks. It's...” It's slightly more difficult to put this into words than I was expecting, now that I'm not just stewing. I've had aloof relationships with my masters before. I've had to deal with masters who practically starve me, even if they fuck me daily – yet I could probably survive off one round every two weeks with Patchouli. I'm basically free to do whatever I want as long as she's got her books, too. This is miles from the worst summoning I've ever had to deal with. What exactly -is- my problem?

The Chinese girl doesn't mind my trailing off at all, staying silent to let me collect my thoughts. Her fairy companions are slightly less so, and have started to foam at the mouth by now. It's reaching the point I'm more surprised Meiling is willing to keep going than that they are. Do they have some kind of safe word set up that they're not using? I have to assume as much, because there's few other explanations for what I'm watching that don't radically change what I know about this girl. Not that I'd term myself an expert on anyone here.

More pressingly, I'm doing a very poor job of piecing together the exact 'why' that makes this case so damnably infuriating. I'm as uncertain as I sound when I open my mouth again to speak. “She just... she doesn't seem like she even wants a succubus around. She's completely uninterested in me. It feels like she summoned me just because succubi are easy to keep a leash on; can't even be bothered to try in the once a week she's obligated to let me at her. Sort of...” I blink, and realize that Meiling isn't really showing any outward signs of arousal either. Face isn't flush, no sweat running down her body, breathing isn't heavy... if her cocks weren't hard enough to point skyward, I'd doubt she was in the mood at all. I've come to expect my master's brand of nonsense in the short while since coming here, it hadn't even registered as strange and wrong. “... Sort of like you right now, actually.” I finish up, when the revelatory moment passes.

Clearly, I either look or sound like I take great offense to this newly unearthed fact – which isn't terribly surprising, given I do – because if her hands weren't full, she'd probably be raising them in surrender as a gesture of peace. “Look at 'em,” she offers in defense of herself, presenting the duo as much as she can without pulling them off. I have been looking at them, this entire time, and they look like the bravest little troopers. I have to commend their can-do attitude; they might even do alright back home, if they weren't being mollycoddled to manage this much. “I just can't bring myself to really hurt 'em, y'know? Even this much kind of feels bad... I can't really get into it with the fairies.”

Now the moment's passed, I can feel my features softening from whatever accusatory grimace they'd settled into. “Sorry,” I say, hanging my head and shaking it. “Just still a little on edge from the last time with her a minute ago. No matter what I do, she barely looks at me, she barely reacts to me... I'd be okay with how infrequent it all is if she'd just... notice me, I guess? As it is, I might as well be using a highly realistic dildo, and it's just kinda... it hurts? And I don't like it, and that makes it worse, 'cause I've been saying we're getting a bit too soft back home for centuries now...” I don't quite mean to, but I end up gripping myself in the middle of this explanation, right about the part where it tends to hurt. Where that twisting, gnawing sensation bores into me relentlessly under the dispassionate lack of gaze from my master...

It's far more telling to Meiling than it is to me, apparently, because she looks to have her own moment of revelation while I'm explaining this. She cautiously ventures a question in the consequent silence of waiting to see if she'd like to share with the class. “So, I don't know a lot about succubi, but... that's about where your heart is, right?” She must be extremely focused on the conversation now, actually, as she's stopped even the bare hint of movement she had going on before, idling inside the fairies.

It strikes me as extremely strange, as that all registers. I'm not completely sure how we got from my problems to succubus anatomy, but I figure I'll humor her, since she's listening to me. “Usually. It's a little chaotic, in there. But when nothing's wrong, that's about where it's located. Why?” I lean forward a bit as I inquire this, admittedly curious as to where she's going with this.

She's much more confident, following up quickly after me, like she's sure she's on a roll. “And succubi don't normally feel this way about their masters, right? Have you ever felt like this before? It doesn't really sound like you have.” I think she should have paused when she wasn't inserted quite as much – as it stands, they basically have to idle at the apex, enduring splitting apart as I'm questioned on the habits of my species. I can see the veins in their necks bulging quite prominently at the moment, and I have to wonder if the strain of it all isn't going to give them some kind of aneurysm or stroke.

Now, the questions have to have some kind of point, I'm figuring, so I keep answering frankly enough. “Well, no. That's the worst part of it, I think. I've lost count of how many raw deals I've gotten when I was summoned, but none of them made me feel like this and plenty of them were worse. I've wanted to burn my masters alive, or flay their skin; I've managed to drag half a dozen souls back home because the contracts weren't airtight – not pretty, let me tell you – and yet... I don't want to do any of that here. Even though I hate it, it doesn't make me want to scour every clause and find... something, anything to abuse.” The questions are certainly helping me focus my thoughts. I'm starting to get a little closer to the root of it, I feel. I'm beginning to understand that 'why' that was eluding me just now. Or, at least, I thought I was. I don't actually like that grin that she's wearing.

I don't like those stifled giggles, either. It's not even at the fate of those unfortunate summoners, and she's doing an excellent job of making me think she's just jerking me around. Before I can call her out on it, she finally says, all but radiant with mirth, “Wow, I really did learn something about succubi today. I thought you guys were all lust and no love, but it sounds like you're in love with her.” I'm not sure if the fairies' gasps are those of pain or those of surprise, but they're croaked out with great effort, whichever the case may be.

I do not gasp, though. I don't make a sound, or do more than stare at her blankly. She's strung together words, and they even go in an order I recognize and can interpret, yet I still hear gobbledegook. My mouth opens, then it closes, and I spend several more seconds trying to make sense of what she's just said before I ask, utterly baffled, “What? I think I didn't hear you, could you repeat that?”

She about doubles over in laughter at my response, which I'd be mad about if I weren't overwhelmed by confusion. I think it's for the best that doing so means she accidentally drops the fairies; if she hadn't, I estimate she'd get them to about their esophagi, and she might feel bad about that one. Even if they want to protest their new position in the dirt, they don't seem to be able to get up to manage it, so it looks like they're going to be spared. Also probably for the best: I haven't personally observed Meiling's orgasms, but I take it those beauties are not for show. Wiping a tear from her eye, she hastily stands back up, offering a quick and sincere, “Sorry, sorry.” Exhaling, she looks me in the eyes, and says, plainly and slowly, “You're in love with Patchouli, Koa – unless I've gotten really bad at this in the last few years.”

The retelling of this doesn't actually make more sense than the original. I try repeating it myself, instead, in the hopes it will be in a language I've learned at some point in my life. “I'm... in love with Patchouli?” Huh, no, that really is just nonsense, isn't it? Utter bullshit, means nothing. Maybe if I restructure it a bit, add a few extra words to bridge the gaps? “I... am in love with Patchouli's cock. It's large, and it cums buckets, and I just wish she'd want to give me it.” Yeah, there we go. Now there's a statement that I can claim is wholly truthful and which settles nicely on the brain. It seems my conversational partner disagrees, though.

“Close. Very close.” She's definitely having fun with this, at this point. She takes a second to sling the barely conscious fairies over her shoulders while she congratulates me in a tone I don't exactly appreciate. “But no. You love Patchouli herself. The girl. Not her dick. Not her spunk. Her. You might even be head over heels. Don't know how that works where you come from, but it looks utterly cute, where I come from.” She has to be laughing at me, I find it impossible to believe she's not.

And yet, the more time I've had to tumble it over in my head, the more it does sink in. The stories I've heard when called somewhere more mortal... The sarcastically told tales I've heard from my kin back home... The things I've tasted in so many of the loads I took in the past... Was that... is this... love? I'm given more time to stare at Meiling, dumbstruck, while the gears turn up above. “I'm in love with Patchouli?” That sounds like an actual sentence, now, so I say it again. “I'm in love with Patchouli.” More confidence builds inside my voice as I stand, resolute. “I'm in love with Patchouli!” I declare, punching my fist at the sky, emboldened by this development. I have pinned down this elusive, thrice-damned feeling! I understand it! I know it! I know what to- I... fuck me I have no idea what to do with this knowledge.

My Chinese wisdom dispenser looked so happy for me, too, but she doesn't seem to like whatever face I'm making now that reality's slapped me back down again. She comes over and puts a hand on my shoulder, bearing a serious expression that's rather rare, to my knowledge. She insists, very strongly, “It's alright. Don't worry. You know, now. That's a huge step forward for you, trust me. It might not seem easy, and you might hurt a lot more before you can make it feel better, but... you can do something about it, now.” The smile she offers when she's done speaking is a source of light all its own, and I have to admit – she definitely hasn't gotten bad at this. She's actually really, really good at it.

I smile back after letting out a few deep breaths. This is... new territory. New territory's gotten very rare, as time has gone on. I wasn't sure there was any left, but it seems like I've blundered into a massive chunk of it. “Thanks, Meiling. I definitely owe you one.”

“Don't mention it. Just glad I could help. So, now that you know: what're you gonna do?” Well, it's a good question she's got there. There's a world of possibilities for what to do with this, or just to take my mind off it and calm down. I think... 
 While I mull, I'm treated to a very intent stare, which I take to mean my answer will be scrutinized heavily. I can't exactly blame Meiling, as I'm sure there are plenty of ways to go about this that'd be wrong. That itself, though, inspires what I settle on as I laugh just a little ruefully and admit, “I think that if I'm being honest with myself, I don't know the first thing about love. 'I love you.' doesn't even mean anything to me at this point, I've heard it so many times. But there's gotta be something on love in the library I could look for, right?”

That earns me a solid clap on the back, and a proud, beaming grin. I can't help but notice there's just a tinge of relief to her voice when she says, “It's good you can realize that and admit it. It'll help a lot, if you seriously pursue her. And since you're gonna check the library, I might just have a suggestion. Patchy makes us keep it all the way in the back, but, if you head there then you'll find plenty of manga you can read. Don't treat it as sacred, but it's probably better than the instructions for brewing a love potion, or whatever else you'll find on most of the other shelves.” She shrugs the fairies off her shoulders as she advises me, catching them in her arms again. My assumption is she's going to get back to it, because she has two throbbing erections just sitting there with frustratingly little being done about them, but she lays the pair on the ground instead and looks to be making sure they're okay. Strange priorities, I feel, but I refrain from commenting.

Largely, I do so because I'm laughing at the notion of bothering – or even needing – to try and make a love potion. “No kidding. If it was that easy, we'd never have had this talk, and she'd probably be more interested in me than her studies by now. I'll be sure to give them a shot. Thanks again.”

“Good luck!” she calls, waving as I start floating over the wall to head back inside, but the fact that I pause and second guess my poor manners seems to confuse her. “Hm? Think of something else you need?”

I shake my head and twirl a hand, pointer finger extended, gradually forming a luminescent ball of pink energy – not that the little thing can illuminate much with the sun so boldly out. “Nah. I just can't stand leaving you all so poor off.” With a flick, the magical orb races under her, bursting in a nova that discolors the fairies for a second before fading. I've never been terribly fond of that particular variant, but I assume scorching them with corrupt fire might leave Meiling questioning things more than she already is. “You shouldn't have to worry about hurting them for a few hours. Trust me, just have some fun.”

She looks a little more skeptical than she should be – seriously, I am just trying to do her a solid here – but does gingerly pick one back up and slowly begin inserting herself. It doesn't take long to reach what, before, was as deep as she could go, without any of the obvious strain. With another few inches, producing a drunken sort of giggle from her little friend, she seems much more confident. It's as she experimentally shoves to about halfway in and groans in obvious pleasure, looking at the distension she's producing on a fairy that loves it, that I'm finally happy to actually leave. I can feel the difference from before even more plainly than I can hear it, and I can hear them all the way until the mansion doors close behind me. Much better; really should've done that earlier.

With a good deed done for the day, I hurry back to start my search for anything that might help me understand the concept of love just a little more. Or at least something that might act as an instruction manual. My haste isn't really born of a lack of time – it's more that if I'm lazy about it, even a straight shot to the back of the library takes almost ten minutes, and that's in mid-air. I like a good spatial distortion as much as the next girl, but it does feel like they go overboard here, sometimes. At least the library has the excuse that it needs all that space, because there's just that many distinct books, but my attempts to navigate the rest of the place have convinced me they could house half the population of this land, minimum.

Distracting thoughts like that help ensure my journey feels shorter than it actually is, letting me arrive in one of the many 'clearings' that dot this place. Wide spaces where the rows upon rows upon rows of wood give way to all sorts of chairs, couches, and tables, offering somewhere to relax and enjoy the pages of whatever leisurely material you can find. There's less than one might think, from what I've seen; it's surely enough to stock a mundane archive to the brim, irrespective of that. I don't know if reading's fallen out of favor, or if anyone else that'd be after this stuff is five minutes over in a different spot, but I've got this space to myself either way. Assuming I'm even still here specifically when I find what I'm after; being the end of the line, the piles of pages stretch on without need for gap or break, an overwhelming number of spines obfuscating whatever among them might help. Good organizational structure only does so much to alleviate the sheer volume, so I start the laborious process of inspecting titles, prying them loose for cursory readings, and then shelving what I've chosen because I appear to have started in the action section.

I'm lucky that a number of these things seem to have almost comically long and descriptive titles – it makes gauging where in my search I am a lot easier once I figure that out. With the aid of those landmark titles, I make much quicker progress navigating from action to mystery, from mystery to horror, from horror to comedy, and then, finally to the first cover I've seen that's absolutely laden with hearts. The stylized kind, that is – the horror titles seemed to relish in gore and there were quite a few realistic ones on the path here. The only problem that I have left is that comics, or at least these sorts, were rising to prominence long after magic was starting to vanish from Earth. I don't know a lot about them to judge what's poor and what isn't, much less at a glance. My best guess is that if the art is pleasing to the eye, the story's got a chance to be good. With this simple system in place, I start collecting what I can, appreciating that they're considerably more compact than the giant, ornate things my job obligates me to lug around.

After a few trips and some experimenting with centers of gravity to get my tail in on the job, I've assembled more manga than I'm likely to get through today. I properly crack open the first, settle into an armchair, and start flipping through at a rather slow pace, trying to really absorb it. It's equal parts awful and great, quite often both at the same time. On the one hand, the idea it's trying to present that love is a thing akin to war, a brutal fight to attempt to get any affection whatsoever out of someone, is absolutely something I strongly resonate with, eerily reminiscent of my situation. On the other hand, the comedic nature of most of the delivery and the amount I find myself laughing suggests this may not be entirely true to life. It's hard to say, with no real frame of reference. Even if it everything it espouses is true, I can't possibly follow the examples it's setting and expect to get anywhere – it certainly doesn't look like either of the main characters is any closer to their goal after a few volumes than when I first picked it up.

I set that aside, and grab something else. I need to know more. I need to put any of that into context. The next features a girl who doesn't seem to understand love herself, unable to be swept up in it. Distant from whatever special feelings it's supposed to conjure, she lets someone else love her, while assuring herself that she's going to be able to reciprocate this one day. Actions so mundane they barely register to me are similarly underwhelming to her, yet she cannot escape the idea that, evidently, they should bring something so much more. In truth, I can understand it, somewhat – those that I've lain with, those that I seduce, they surely seem to delude themselves into thinking that something special is happening, all because of how good they feel. But is there actually something more behind it?All this tells me is that I might really be missing some core component that one needs for love... perhaps my master is, too? She's no normal human; did she give these things up in pursuit of her magical studies? They may well have been mutually exclusive, and this venture may well be pointless. But if it is, then what am I to do?

I don't think this is helping me figure out how to express love any better. It's certainly not helping me think I even can. I swap to another story, not quite having the inclination to see this one out to the end. It promises to be sugary sweet, yet what I find within is anything but. The girl in this professes to have a much stronger grasp of what love even is, but it's far from what I've gotten out of the last two. The feelings I imagine it's meant to evoke are sinister, and I'm not convinced this person is considered sane by human standards. The overtones of control create a strange dissonance with the almost saccharine nature of the relationship that's being shown at moments. Is this what love looks like? Is owning a person love? It can't be, can it? If it were that easy, I'd be an expert on love, and I wouldn't have the problem I do. I have a gut feeling this isn't really one I want to consult, but I had some variant of that gut feeling about the last two, as well. Love seems like an extremely complex thing...

And so I consult another manga. And then another. I keep going, trying to find any common threads, any rules that govern this thing that yet makes no sense. I read more that I can empathize with, and I read plenty that can't hope to draw me in, but I read it all regardless, until I'm tired of reading and I'm tired period. I'm slumped over in my chair by this point, partially in defeat and partially from the late hour. I still haven't even gotten through a quarter of my research material, but what I have will need to suffice for now. There's just the snag of how little it's done, or seems to have. There's a not inconsiderable number of different ideas floating around my head right now, several of which are incompatible with each other. If I've learned one thing, it's that Meiling was right: this doesn't seem easy.

What I have gotten out of this study is discouraging, too. Misunderstandings and clearing them up seemed to crop up constantly, whether for humor or drama, but always as a roadblock towards love going anywhere. I can imagine any attempts to declare my love for her being severely misunderstood, just with what I read today. The concept of a date might make sense in theory, but what do I do with it in practice? I can understand the appeal of gifts, but what would I give her? How do I show that it's for love, and not just an attempt to curry favor so she'll fuck me more frequently? Is there even a difference between expressing love and ingratiating yourself? It's more questions than I started with. Like I now know more clearly that I know nothing. It seems a lot simpler to just inspire this all in someone else and not have to deal with it; I need to make sure I don't fall in love again.

Alas, though, that reminder for the future doesn't solve the now, as I'm already in this mess. Maybe I'll think on it more while I'm sleeping. There must be ways to use what I've learned that aren't immediately apparent. I stare at my reading material for a few seconds, debating the merits of putting it back, before deciding that I can compromise and just replace what I've already read – even if it's not an all day binge, coming back to this when I have some free time might be useful, and I can't say I hated the stories. I get what I've gone through back where it came from – the fact that it wasn't terribly much of it works in my favor here, as I don't have to make more than one trip – and then I make my way to my room. I can't quite be bothered to hurry there right now, so I lazily and sluggishly glide through the air, arriving when I arrive and not a second sooner. That means a while later, given that my room is back at the front end of the library.

Before I actually head in, I take a look at the door next to mine, and find its handle is glowing faintly purple. Seems my master opted to actually sleep in a bed tonight, as opposed to working at her desk until she passed out. If she did that more, it might clear up at least one of her health problems. I always find the magical lock a little overkill; it's not like she's keeping me from doing anything my contract doesn't forbid seven times over, and this is an exceedingly peaceful land she lives in. Whatever helps her sleep at night, though.

My own room is perfectly unlocked, and I'm happy to see it by this point. The bed that I get to enjoy has a soft blue quilt, and it's quite comfortable to splay out on its center; there's room enough around me still for the rest of a small orgy. I'm sad to say I haven't roped enough residents in for that yet, fairy or not. Settling down ensures I'm facing my wardrobe, which has plenty of room for clothes I don't own, like the ones that disappear from my body in a puff of smoke – it really is just so much more pleasant to not be constrained. At the foot of the bed is a trunk, half-opened and full near to bursting with demonic sex toys and torture implements from home. They're the essentials for any summoning, really. There's no guarantee your summoner is properly equipped to have a good time, nor that you'll be getting fed enough to use magic freely. A ticking clock, hanging off a wall that could pass for slightly less luminous magma at first glance, informs me that I apparently read for so long it's now midnight. That does explain the exhaustion. On second thought, I'll put off actually thinking more on how to solve my problem; today was payday, and I could use a more solid break from the effort.

I wave one hand, and the ethereal, radiant pinpoint which is flooding this room with far too much light for me to sleep dims, then winks out. Very handy way of lighting your home, those; also impossible to interface with if you have literally no magical aptitude. Now that everything's more peaceful, my fingers snap and life improves considerably. Because, despite my complaints, I am fed plenty enough to casually throw around magic here; magic like summoning spectral dicks attached to nothing, invisible even if the lights were on, and ramming me in all my holes. Well, okay, in the three holes most people would associate with sex, but I'm going to need a bit more than once a week with my master if I want real luxury. The cum which I left trapped inside of me roils, sinking inside my flesh and giving me another taste of it. A shudder runs from toe to head as I sigh around the nothingness spearing my throat. Sensual spots within me are stroked automatically, my eyes close, and as the first orgasm rocks my body, I fall into a peaceful slumber.

The whole of the night I get to enjoy that. And I don't just mean that my body does: I do, me, the consciousness having all of these thoughts. Every thrust is like I'm still awake. Every touch is as potent as if my body weren't unconscious. This might sound strange, to someone who experiences 'sleep' as a sort of blink between night and day, with a chance that some esoteric thoughts may surface in the form of a dream, but I suffer no such consequences. Sleep doesn't even exist, where I come from – it's one of those things you just have to put up with, when you take a trip elsewhere. It's a problem of varying severity, and I've never quite come to like it, but at least being able to feel myself writhing in pleasure all night helps to pass the time, all the while getting drip-fed this glorious seed. Sometimes I count the climaxes; I'm up to three so far tonight. Sometimes I try and focus hard enough to get more senses than touch; when I'm on point, I manage to get back sound, and can hear the magical sex aids ravaging my body, the gentle lull of flesh slapping into flesh at a frenzied pace. Sometimes, I just have way too much time to think; I don't much like those times. Mercifully, this isn't one of them, and there's plenty to keep me occupied while my body rests up, considerably slashing the time I think passes before I'm awake. 
Long into my rest, just about as my phallic familiars are about to run out of energy and cease to exist, I'm struck acutely by the notion that someone very much wants my attention. It's so intense a desire it shakes me awake. And, right as my eyes begin to open – begin to, mind, not once they have – I am chided by an enthralling voice, “You vile fiend, you.” My eyes finish opening, I start rising up, and they continue to scold me, “Look at how late you've slept in. Utterly shameful. Is this layabout nature a trait of all succubi, or are you uniquely unmotivated? I must say, I am not impressed, Koakuma; not impressed at all.” I look between the person who has an issue with my sleeping habits, and the clock. The nice thing about my condition, as far as sleep goes, is that not only do I not have to worry about grogginess, but since there's no real loss of thought, the night prior isn't ever difficult to recall, even right before I pass out. That clock says eight AM and five minutes of change. I know exactly what's going on here, and I know it because of who's actually berating me.

She's short. Very short: as tall as an eight year old at best, and probably one that'd be small among her peers. The blue-purple hair atop her head is only just long enough to reach her jaw, with jagged, fang-like bangs. Her eyes, disapproving and damning, are the red of blood, and also happen to shine in the darkness where she belongs, which only helps her draw in and hypnotize people. Actual fangs peek out of her mouth, which she has bared in quite the irate scowl. Her figure is thin and frail looking, while her skin is almost like that of a doll, and the beauty within it is far beyond what any natural means can produce. She's wearing a lacy pink dress, which has a number of red ribbons woven into it and is long enough to reach her feet. Of course, coming out of its back are two leathery, bat-like wings, the most immediate and obvious note of what exactly she is. She's a vampire. She's Remilia Scarlet. She's in charge of this mansion. And she's fucking with me.

I know that to be true beyond a shadow of a doubt. It's too precise. It's too perfect. I got almost exactly eight hours of sleep. What happened last night was that she watched me retire to bed, waited until I had fallen asleep to creep in, and then sat in my room, watching me get ravaged for eight hours, just so she could wake me up by eventually flaring her vampiric charisma to demand my attention. She did all of this just so that she could complain about the fact that I sleep at the hours of a regular person, not the hours of a vampire. What else I know? I can't prove it. I could interrogate her for the next twenty-four hours straight, and her story wouldn't change, her facade wouldn't falter, and her conviction wouldn't waver. I can't get annoyed; this is just a thing that happens, and I'm not sure she can control it. The thing is that every being which measures its life span in centuries or more inevitably is compelled by the desire to use their nigh infinite time to fuck with people in ever more obtuse ways, once they hit their fifth century. This is a constant which is true in more locations than such universal laws as gravity. At least it's helped me estimate her age without having to ask her. That'd be terribly rude, after all.

It's as my conjured companions vanish back into the ether, the eight hours of life I put into them running up, that I sigh and swing my legs off the bed, turning to face her properly. “I'm not held to the sleeping standards of a vampire,” I insist, resolutely standing my ground in this battle of wills, meeting her gaze with one of equal intensity.

“Absolute nonsense,” she counters, without a hint of a pause. “Under my mansion, all are held to my standards. I run a very tight ship here, and I am simply in despair over the fact that one of the most important members of its crew sleeps so long it's already time again to sleep.” Her arms cross against her (lack of) chest, and her fingers drum across them, long nails tapping practically porcelain flesh.

“Your maid runs you a very tight ship, while you luxuriate in wealth and decadence, submitting your servants to whatever whims come across your mind, concocting seemingly infinite methods of expressing degeneracy through them.” Every part of that statement is true, and I deliver it with all the furor it's due in an attempt to strike her down. Not that I actually take issue with it, but it's the principle of the matter.

As usual, my furor does nothing to actually stop her, stall her, or so much as inconvenience her. I can't say I've ever had better than a draw trying to engage in any sort of argument with her; I'm not sure if it's her body or her silver tongue that's the more dangerous weapon, and her nails could tear me to ribbons in a second. “It is in part my delegation of duties to Sakuya that ensures my mansion runs smoothly, yes. The job of a leader is not to take everything upon herself; this is why she leads. A nation of one is no nation at all. It is the effort of all under a ruler that afford her any ability to rule; and yet I say again, here before me sits a vital subordinate who shirks her responsibilities in favor of indolence. I can hardly believe that I tolerate your presence, let alone that my good friend who summoned you would.” She stands and stomps a foot, which would look petulant on anyone else with that body, but coming from her makes it seem I'll soon learn what color my insides are again.

I shall not be so easily bullied, though. I stand as well, sliding off the bed and crossing my own arms in turn, which also happens to shove my free breasts up. I take several steps forward, boring into her all the while, and I quite fervently explain, “Patchouli had nothing she needed doing yesterday, and released me to freedom. At no point did she attempt to summon me back, or express that she required my aid in any way. I have not shrugged off any of my obligations, because I had no obligations to shrug off.”

“Oh really?” she asks, a knowing undertone creeping into her delicate, forceful voice. It's then I recall another detail of last night. Fuck. Fuck, she's got me completely, and I can't fight what's about to come. “I don't believe this room is capable of adequately allowing me to express my displeasure. Follow me, if you would. We shall depart elsewhere.” And there it is. Her flawless trap. The reason she picked today to do this. And no matter what I do, I've lost already. If I stall her, Patchouli will wake up a few minutes later. If I don't, she's already awake.

I try not to let the fact that I know I'm done for show on my face, but I can see it in hers: she knows I know. She always knows I know. I have my pride, though, so I fire back, “I think this room is plenty sufficient; all you're after is my body, and there's more than enough space here for me to fuck your brains out in a hundred different ways.”

My declarations wash off of her without leaving so much as a drop of sweat, and she clicks her tongue in disgust. “Really, now?” she asks, sounding every bit offended, an act that would be flawless if I didn't know it for an act by its very nature. “I, of all people, you would so grievously malign? You truly believe I hold such base desires within myself? I am a lady of refinement and class, in case it has escaped your notice since coming here. I would never in my life stoop so low. I demand an apology right this instant.”

I offer her no apology, and instead make the attempt to turn this around on her, pointing out with supreme gusto, “And yet, you're here in my room, staring at me as I stand naked, and ogling my body with your lecherous eyes. What makes you think I'd believe that you're in any way innocent?”

At this she scoffs, redoubling the intensity of her stare. Which, to her credit, has been exactly where she claims it has as she verbally sweeps my legs from under me by stating, “My eyes have only been on your own, I will thank you to note. Does your slander know no end? I trusted Patchy when I allowed her to summon a succubus, thinking she could hold you in line – yet here you are, being not only slothful, but shameless in my little den of purity, all while foisting blame for all of it upon my noble personage. My faith is clearly misplaced, and I must go have a word with her at once.” She makes the decision of when the hammer is going to drop for me, throwing open my door in feigned rage and stomping out. I have no choice but to follow her.

The second I step outside and turn to look at Patchouli's door, the magical lock is dismissed, and it slowly creaks open. The magician rubs sleep from her tired purple eyes before noticing the both of us. “Ah, Remi, good morning,” she says to the vampire first. She might have meant to greet me too, but she's cut off very swiftly.

“Patchy, my friend, what a coincidence! A good morning indeed. I hope you've slept well for once? It's rare to see you actually make use of the room I had prepared.” Her personality does a complete one-eighty in the space of a blink, every trace of anger gone, and she settles into having a pleasant chat with my master like I'm not even here.

My master certainly doesn't seem to care that I'm here – the alternative is that she's playing along, and I discount off-hand the possibility she has such a sense of humor – because she carries on as though I'm not. “Yes, thankfully. I needed my strength for today; I'm about ready to start testing that project you were asking me to work on.”

That gets the vampire beaming and offering a jubilant, “So very glad to hear that. I do worry after your health quite severely, so don't push yourself on my account, please. And tell me, is there anything you might need? I can have Sakuya fetch it for you, I believe she still has some gaps in today's schedule.” I have a hunch I know where this is going, as I was present for the conversation that happened prior to this one, but there's no point in attempting to stop it, so I fall back into observation.

Patchouli considers what she might ask for, taking a moment or three to run through her stock, before nodding. “I could do with more of the Albus root extract that Eintei produces. And-” Her requests are cut off, arm raising to her mouth, while she goes through several heaving breaths. “Forgive me. I also need more of the herbs from the Forest of Magic. The kind that only grow under those large, spotted, and angry flowers. And maybe...” She hesitates on asking whatever this last one is, evidently thinking that it's some sort of severe imposition.

But what can truly be an imposition under a magnanimous leader such as Remilia Scarlet? She waves Patchouli forward, insisting, “Tell me, tell me, please. Don't hold back; you do work so very hard for our sake, after all, despite every ail that magic has saddled you with. I would hardly be your friend if I weren't willing to help you back in any way I can.”

“It may be a little too dangerous for Sakuya. It looks like I need some water from the Sanzu if I want to properly bind everything together on a spiritual level; I don't like the idea, so I'm trying to find a substitute. I'll focus more heavily on that – the binding process should be a late step, so it's no rush.” Discussing her magical work like this is one of the few cases where I actually see her with any energy and vibrancy, bothering to put vigor into her voice or managing to acquire a shine to her eyes.

“I see why you'd be concerned for her safety if she had to. I'll let her know, regardless; it would be best if she had time to prepare, should it prove necessary. But I am so thoroughly appreciative that you'll go above and beyond in an effort to ensure she needn't put her hands near that cursed stuff.” I feel it coming before it happens. Her cheery and pleasant voice holds through the last of that statement, and then, before she's finished whipping around to look at me, she's fallen right back into the indignant glare that marked her prior, voice full of wrath. “Unlike your succubus here! Truly, there is no cure for one as reprehensible as her! I am wholly beside myself just looking at her! You had all these tasks integral to your health and your work that needed doing, and she had the nerve to insist, to my very face, that you were absolutely fine and without care or want! The gall. Have you anything to say in defense of yourself now, exposed as you have been, hm?”

This is no less than the third time I've had a conversation of this sort with her, and once again, I consider it to be absolute and utter bullshit. The universe conspires to make her right, to prove her points, and to ensure that things fall into place. Even if vampires were not nearly the equal of succubi in charisma, it's as like as not reality itself would bend to ensure it all but impossible to assail her points. I make the attempt nonetheless, firing back with zeal, “And you would have me interpret these wishes without being informed of them? I am not prescient; I can only do what my master orders me to do, not anything more. If she had summoned me for these errands yesterday, they would have gotten done.”

I'd consider that a very solid argument, yet for it I am rewarded with a shake of the head that reeks of derision. Her words only stop short of the unbecoming act of spewing spit in her retort suffuse with venom, “This is your paltry excuse for your behavior? That you are incapable of doing what needs doing, when it needs doing? Let us go back to an earlier point, shall we? I only demand Sakuya do so much. A large chunk of her work is what she places upon herself, and what she intuits as needing to be done. Why can you not share the same laudable attribute? Would you burst into flames and find your soul scoured to naught, should you actually make an attempt?”

“I don't control time the way that Sakuya does,” I sling back, nagged at by dreadful inevitability as I do. “Not only is it hardly fair to compare me to her, but even she has to-” The point I'm trying to make is brutally slaughtered by the fact that that a cup of tea with several drops of blood in it has appeared, sitting upon a tray with an entire pot of it steaming and ready to pour more.

“Mistress, you have been up quite a long time; I thought you may need something to keep you going, if you don't intend to sleep yet.” The cool voice of the maid sounds from behind me. I don't like that she's shown up to prove me wrong, so I indulge in a slight bit of petulance and don't deign to turn around and look at her.

Unfortunately, that means I have to look at Remilia, who never lets the smug attitude which hides behind every word of this long argument show on her face as she gratefully picks up the cup and sips at it with grace. “Thank you very kindly, Sakuya. You do know me more thoroughly than I could possibly dream of. A shining example of servitude. I don't deserve you, and I'm eternally grateful for all the hard work you put in.” I don't doubt any of this is true, but I only ever see her put in this much flattery when its purpose is to put someone else down. Such as myself.

“Think nothing of it, Lady Remilia,” Sakuya says, and I can feel her head bowing even though I don't turn to look.

I can also tell that she's left even though I don't look back; the maid is exceedingly fastidious about how she spends real time, as opposed to the infinite, fiat stopped time she abuses with abandon. Still leaves me having a staring contest with Remilia that I'd like to believe I'm not losing. “And just imagine!” that same vampire starts up, setting her cup down with a violent clinking as she really gets on a roll. “Were we to visit the gate of my lovely manor, kept running by my best friend and my stellar maid, we'd find that it is also protected by one whose guard is never down, who sleeps with both eyes open, rain, sleet, or shine! Yet there is one bad apple among my most trusted, and here she stands before me, glaring as though 'tis I whose attitude is at fault! For shame, I say! For shame! I'll not let it stand a second longer!” On her heels again she spins, dipping back into the guise of a perfect friend, very politely asking, “Patchy, would you do me the courtesy of allowing me to steal her from you for a time? It is simply not within my capacity to express my displeasure in words; I'm afraid I absolutely must mete out an appropriate punishment. I do not relish it, but there is no possible alternative.”

“Kindly do not kill her,” is how my master chooses to answer this request. Not that she sounds concerned for my health. No, no, her concerns are revealed as she continues, plainly, “She'll be integral to my testing today; reconstituting her body to a significant degree may drain her of too much power, ruining the point of resting for today.”

Shock that shouldn't be there spreads across Remilia's face like fire as she states, aghast, “Capital punishment? I would never dream of it! I shall see that it's far more fair than harsh, how she's treated. Worry not, I'll have her back in time that everything you intend to do today will run smoothly.”

With this assurance, Patchouli nods. She doesn't care to comment on the absolute hypocrisy of what Remilia's spouting either; I gave up completely around the time the maid showed up, accepting that I was going to have to tick this one down as a loss. “Then by all means, take her for what you will. I'll begin my preparations; I don't know how long the work itself will take, so it would be preferable if you kept it to a few hours at most, as well.”

With a casual wave of Remilia's hand, she dismisses any concerns that could possibly be had over the time involved in whatever awaits me today. “If you say she needs to be back within a few hours at most, then that is how long I'll keep her, at the utmost. I'll not impose upon you any further; try to enjoy your work today, would you?”

The best smile the ailment-riddled magician can muster splits her face, and she gives Remilia a parting wave. “I'll be sure to. You put something very impressive in front of me; I think it will be my best work, when I'm through. Look forward to it.” With that, she departs to begin the setup for whatever her current project is, leaving just me and the vampire.

“With every fiber of my being!” that vampire assures my master, waving her off as well, before turning to me. “Now then, let's be going, shall we? You've wasted quite enough of everyone's time with your iniquity, so don't think I'll let you waste any more.” With that she leads me off and out the library, to wherever it is she's decided I'll be accompanying her today. She doesn't even bother bringing the tea. Rather pointless, that.
I hang my head in defeat and shame for the walk, at least until the library closes behind us. Then, the game is over, the facades can drop, and I can state, quite frankly, “It's still not fair that you have fate itself backing you up. If you were anyone else, Patchouli would have been asleep at her desk last night.”

She waves away this statement as casually as she waved away Patchouli's concerns, riposting with, “You've got that wrong. If I were anyone else, Patchouli would have slept in thanks to her weak body; attacking while she was in her room was entirely planned, and required no help from causality.”

She's got me there. I'm gonna have to call that a very solid loss, actually, and blame her powers just a little less. That being the case, I set aside all of that and let bygones be bygones, changing the topic as I ask with genuine interest, “Are you going to tell me what plans you have today that you needed to stage something to steal me from Patchouli, or is this one a surprise?”

The mirthful laugh I get as a response tells me all I need to know. But formality dictates she nonetheless ask, “Isn't it more fun when it is? It's not far; we'll be using one of my rooms closer to the stairs.”

“It is, you're not wrong,” I concede. “It's always a treat to see what kind of project you're cooking up that needs my help. Can I have a hint?” It's even odds whether the answer to this is yes or no I've found, in my limited experience.

In this case, it seems to be yes, possibly because of my choice of words. “'Cooking' is quite the apt descriptor of what I need you to aid me with today.” I think that cryptic statement is all I'll get out of her at first, and am just about to open my mouth, when she follows it with, “Hm... well, you were close, earlier. You had a very solid defense before we left your room; I think you might have taken it, if Patchouli had decided she was feeling drowsier than she ended up being. I'll also let you know that Sakuya's handling the cooking as usual; you and I are preparing the ingredients in ways I'm afraid she can't.”

I think on these statements as we walk, beginning to ascend the stairs by this point. It takes us past a large, red velvet curtain, the entrance to the mansion theatre that occasionally hosts shows of all sorts, whether they're charged with lust or utterly without. I suck in a breath as I try and cross off everything I've already helped Remilia do, everything I've heard of her doing, and combine this all to figure it out before we get there. It's harder than it should be, as she's so adept at finding strange ways to meld sexuality and impracticality that I sometimes consider her an honorary succubus. “Do you need me to lace something with aphrodisiac so that you can get enough juices out of someone to baste your entire meal in them?” I put forward first, not entirely confident in the idea. The problem is-

“Oh, come now, that wasn't even a real guess; you know as well as I do that we have so many fairies living here I could have Sakuya round them all up and get them going to produce plenty enough without your help. Please, do be serious, here.” This, unlike before, is a sincere berating that I can't fault her for; I really wasn't trying there. I know the count is somewhere in the hundreds, and she'd need to be throwing an entire banquet if that was going to be insufficient for what I put forward without my rescue.

So, I honestly apologize, “You're right, sorry. It just ran through my head and I needed to say something; we were already at the second floor.” Speaking of which, we're now on the third. There's a large number of the accused nature sprites frolicking through it, bursting in and out of doors, entwined in each others' arms, and generally having fun. Or, they were. The presence of both a succubus and a vampire tends to mean eyes are magnetically attracted, even before accounting for the ease of corralling these girls. Oh, yeah, I never did put on clothes; that's probably not helping. Eh, too late now – we're most of the way there, and the chance I don't need to take them back off when we arrive is less than zero. As a small gaggle of girls begins to trail after us in a near hypnotic-state, I make a much more concerted effort to suggest, “Alright, how about this, then? Not enough of the fairies naturally have a dick, so you need my magic to grow them, and then you can harvest them.” I feel good about that one. Right up until her mouth opens.

“Are you sure I wasn't correct earlier?” is what I'm asked, while she shakes her head. “I'd have applauded that suggestion two floors ago, but do you think I wouldn't have all of the fairies I want you to do that to ready where we're going if it was the case? You clearly just saw how many there were still in the main living quarters. I'll be sure to keep that idea in mind, though, thank you.”

This whole love affair really must have shaken me, because missing that detail is a rookie mistake I shouldn't be making. I can't just let my showing be this poor; we're already to the fourth floor, cut through with a crimson carpet and dotted by infrequent but highly detailed doors, featuring carvings of trees, of the moon, of animals, of anything that can be carved into a door, really. I breathe heavily enough to express my disgust with myself, quickly running the numbers one more time to eke out a last guess. “Alright, seriously, this time. You're attempting to set a new record for how long you can sustain an erection, so I'm here to help you marinate your meat in the strongest stuff I can manage.” Now that one I know she can't possibly take any issue with, and I let my pride flare just a little as we pass a massive portrait painting of her.

“While you are wrong, you are also inspired and I believe I'll be making use of that idea in the future; I might modify it some, though. A simple contest of stamina isn't terribly impressive when you're cheating by using a succubus' secretions, wouldn't you say?” She opens the door she's after – a lion's carved into this one – as she speaks, sounding nonetheless impressed despite the flaw in my suggestion.

We file in as I admit, “Yeah, you're right. It would absolutely ruin the achievement. Good on you for having the integrity.” The door is closed behind us, shutting out several dragonfly-winged half-pints, and so I get to see what's been arranged for this venture. There are five fairies in the center of this otherwise barren room, kneeling, naked, on the lush red carpet. They look concerned, and for good reason. I know what's going on, now that I see them, arranged in order from largest – which is still not very large, barely a few inches taller than Remilia, though heavier set – to smallest.

I failed to get it before we got here, though, so I stay silent and let her explain, “As you can see, I have gathered five of my finest fairies here. They're to be my meal, tonight. Unfortunately, there's an issue with that. I want to have fairy,” she gestures at the smallest on the end, “stuffed inside of fairy,” the next in line is pointed to, “stuffed inside... You see where I'm going.”

I nod, hand to my chin as I do, inspecting the problem with an expert's eye. “Right, of course. You need me to make them smaller so they fit inside each other?” It's an easy solution – I don't know why it needed all the pomp and circumstance. Probably because it helps stave off the boredom after century three.

“I imagine that will be part of the process, yes. But that's not quite good enough, I'm afraid.” My eyebrow scrunches up as she says this, while I try and pin down- wait, of course. I hit upon it before she explains, “I can't have my meal look so ghastly as to be a tangled mass of writhing arms sticking out, though. I need you to pack them together so tightly you can't even tell there's four more fairies hiding in the first.”

Yes, this is one that might actually require us to put our heads together. One extreme issue I'm sad to bring up is, “I can only go so far, you know? The smallest I can get any of them is about a foot tall. Small, sure, but then we have to fit her in the others, and they have to fit in others... If you'd come to me yesterday, I probably wouldn't have had enough juice for whatever we can come up with.”

She muffles a chuckle behind her palm, which is probably because, “I know. I'm quite lucky the mood struck me right when the opportunity was perfect, aren't I? And I know that there are limits; you did wonderful work on the snacks last month, regardless. I'm sure you can come up with something here, too.”

I furrow my brow and flick my tail, thinking hard on the job I've been given. I give a quick start of, “What if I made them-” and just as quickly silence myself, realizing the fatal flaw. “It'd use too much of my energy to do it four times over, and you'd only cook the outer one if I did.”

“The extradimensional stuff? Yes, not really adequate for this one, I'm afraid. Especially since you owe Patchy later, and you'll have to put up with a whole week before she'll feed you again; I'll have to insist you do this one on a budget. Didn't you have a rather dirty trick for squeezing someone down so they'll fit where they shouldn't?” As she casually shoots back her own suggestion, the fairies in the room all look to each other. Their fear is being replaced by their confusion; they're not quite keeping up with the rapid fire back and forth of how to manage it. It's rather cute, actually. I appreciate that about fairies, how simple they are.

Remilia's idea, though, I'm required to shoot down. “No good; only gets them down, doesn't actually make them fit nice and snug. That's something else entirely.” A shame, because I like that one. My foot begins to tap of its own accord, the many, varied and esoteric sexual magics I have at my disposal coming to mind one by one. “Do you think we could compromise? If they didn't have to be completely intact, I could cheat a bit and use something to make them tighter so that they constrict enough nothing shows.” Looking over at my partner in crime, I see she gives this some serious consideration, her own foot joining mine in tapping.

It's a sigh that comes first, though, heralding the steadfast, “No, sorry. If that would have worked, I'd already have Sakuya dicing them up for later and I could have just pulled you away for a minute. It simply doesn't hold any appeal like that, you understand?”

I do, as I let her know with a nod. Then my foot kicks the floor because I have the perfect idea that won't work in the slightest. “Damn it all,” I hiss as it does. “If only they were actually as young as they looked, I could just regress their ages and then work from there.”

The fact we can't enact this plan looks to physically pain her, head hung and a palm rubbing at her temples. “Must you float this idea when it's so far out of reach? Do you know what the average age of anyone we could try that on in Gensokyo is? Now it's just stuck up there, and I'll never have a chance to use it!” The frustration in her voice is something I sympathize with, as I'd surely be delighted by the sight. We'll have to cast aside these dreams and soldier on, though.

We fall into silence for a while as these feelings stew, and ever more complex and costly solutions come to me. Either they don't solve the problem, or they don't solve it efficiently, or they don't solve it right. Efficiency is the real problem. I need to stop considering the flashy options. I just said before I went to bed last night that I wasn't completely in the lap of luxury. What's elementary? What's cheap? And then it hits me. I used it yesterday. It's the most elementary magic a succubus can wield, it's the cheapest thing to manage. I grin from ear to ear and shout, “I've got it!” so fervently I almost startle Remilia, who'd fallen very deep into thinking; I certainly startle the fairies, several of which topple and tumble over at the sudden noise cutting through their confusion. They're not important, though. The important one is the vampire next to me, who can appreciate what I start to spew with glee. “Body deformation magic! It works by making the body stretchy and flexible enough to handle almost anything unreasonable. Normally, of course, this is used for things like fitting something extra large inside you and still being fine – but we don't have to use it like that. With the way it works, we can use it to twist them up. I can't make them small enough to fit normally, but if we bend them so that they're eating their own feet and push the limits just a little, we can get them compact enough to swallow like a pill by forcing most of them into their cavities. Most importantly, with the shape they'll be in, you won't be able to tell that the top fairy is stuffed. Especially because...” I rush over in the middle of my ranting, and slap the poor thing's belly. She looks perplexed, terrified, and awed, all at once, like she's getting a fraction of everything that makes this idea so groundbreaking. Which is important, considering, “Her fat will hide most of the final product! It's perfect!” I whirl back to look at Remilia, finishing my declaration and high on my own ingenuity.

The moment of silence that follows as I'm stared at is tense. If I've just worked myself up over all of this only to find that my case of love has muddled my head so bad I fervently proclaimed an awful idea, then I am going to have to find some method of punishing myself that I can manage to not enjoy. The silence as fairies quiver and I slowly grow less sure of myself, eyes locked with the vampire's, is so heavy as to weigh on the shoulders. Or so it feels, but truly, it's only a few seconds before it's sliced apart by the potent clap of two hands meeting. It repeats, and then again it repeats, the sort of slow and steady applause that could almost be construed as sarcastic. The giddy, intermittent chuckling that's hiding behind each assures me it isn't, however. She shakes her head ruefully, which is puzzling until she says, “And here I thought we'd be at this one for two hours just going back and forth on how to manage it. What am I to tell my friend if I shuffle you back there fifteen minutes later without a scratch on you?”

“You could say that I've seen the error of ways and sincerely apologized for everything on the way here,” I suggest, having to suppress my own bout of laughter to make it sound at all serious.

“And ruin that finely crafted facade with such an unbelievable addition? Perish the thought.” As she swats the joke down, she suddenly looks thoughtful again, which she shouldn't really need to be. “Hold on a second. I think we're forgetting something.” My attempt to butt in, concerned for our plan at this ominous statement, is staved off by a finger that raises to quiet me. Rather than kill her train of thought, I wait until, finally, she pipes up, “Yes, of course, the cheese trick; don't worry, crisis averted. I've solved all the problems we just had. You don't have to go back to Patchy, because I'll need you here for a while yet; and we don't have to worry about them springing out of place, because I'll just coat them in seed that you'll make sticky enough to keep them intact.”

I let out the breath I was holding once she's through explaining the addition to the plan, satisfied that all's still well. “You scared me for a second there,” I state without a hint of shame. “If that idea fell through, I think two hours would be generous. That was a good one. And a good catch; I should've thought about the tension of curling them up like that.”

“Oh, I'm glad you hadn't, truly; I couldn't let you have all the credit for how to manage it. I'd be thoroughly shamed if I made no contributions at all, after all.” With that said, she rubs her hands together, anticipating what's to come. There's just one thing left, the thought running through both of our heads at the moment, “Now then, how should we go about draining me so that we have enough to work with?” 
 She's the one using apt words now. “Draining you sounds like a pretty good plan,” I answer, inching myself closer to her. “I just feel so empty all the time, the way my master ignores me so callously.” I sigh and walk around her with slow, predatory steps, lascivious gaze twisting to follow me. “Once a week isn't nearly enough, and screwing myself with my own magic only goes so far,” I close in and whisper into her ear in sultry tones, spying the beginnings of a prominent bulge running up her dress. “So, why don't we have some real fun? We have a long time before Patchouli wants me back.” My hand runs along that growing erection veiled by silk, adding precious inches to that which will soon be buried inside of me. “Rail me as much as you can. Fill me up again and again. Keep going until there's so much spilling out of me, all we'll have to do is roll the fairies across the floor.” I cup her chin in my hand, pulling her eyes to make sure they're staring right into mine, ending by asking, “Doesn't that sound wonderful?”

Were I not a succubus, the poker face I receive, a stare deliberately flat in a manner that reminds me a bit too much of my master, might convince me I'm not accomplishing much despite the stiffening proof otherwise. The statement I get after all that is in a tone pointed and straight forward. “Koakuma, I would appreciate it greatly if you would clothe yourself.” Would be off-putting, could I not sense what's boiling within her. I snap as asked, conjuring my usual secretary wear – a second later, Remilia's dress has been tossed into the air and the shreds of what I was asked to don are falling to the ground, dissipating in smoke and ash as I'm pinned with my back to a wall.

As it would for what's to come, it bears describing what I'm getting to see right now. The chest that's beginning to heave is smooth and flat, nary a bud of a breast to be found. Unlike with Meiling or my master, the slit this girl possesses is perfectly visible: tiny, hairless, and looking ill-equipped for any rigors she puts it through. There's a very good reason for this, and it's that her own endowment isn't perfectly human either. The end of its shaft is already encased between two large bumps growing out of her midsection, in lieu of a hanging sack that might hide her womanhood. That shaft itself is more of an oval, compared to the circular affair that would be commonly understood; it stands perfectly straight and rigid, with no curvature to interrupt its uniform and enticing girth. Its head has no real crown or prominent ridge, though it does slope to a flatter cap like might be expected. The whole thing, base to end, has a skin tone that's much darker than her own. Oh, and of course, it looks utterly massive on her – not just because it is, but also owing to the proportionally much smaller body it's attached to, protruding against her chin. Presently, it's situated right between my breasts, and is mostly what's holding me against the wall as Remilia floats well off the ground with her hands on either side of me.

I grin at the feral display I've been given, interrupting whatever thoughts she might be having on which hole to start at with a cheeky, “What, no foreplay? And here I thought you were a lady of-”

In turn, I'm shut up as she brings her lips to mine, mouth immediately parting in the polar opposite of yesterday's failed venture. Her small tongue flits into my mouth, where it finds itself coiled by my own in several loops. The tightness with which I grip it makes my tongue nearly a hole of its own, lovingly cradling its lashing lover as saliva begins to swap. All the while we make out, eager hips buck in front of me, our kisses interspersed with the dull thud of her anticipating member upon our lower jaws; it may not have far to travel, but nonetheless my hands squeeze against my mounds so it's all the better to glide through them. With closed eyes, this carries on for some time as a deluge of pre wets these impacts and our bodies, the source of no shortage of sheen. When we finally part, each of us panting what's nearly steam, Remilia smiles sharply in a belated counter to my prior expression. Her retort to my words is a deeply ashamed, “Apologies for my poor manners; I could have sworn you were the sort of harlot who'd rather I just pick somewhere and try my best to destroy it.”

“And you weren't wrong, so I hope you settled on something during that,” I cast back, eyeing every throb that happens greedily. The prize for honesty is that she drops momentarily to take me by the legs, twisting them upwards and displaying the inherent fluidity of a succubus as they run parallel to my body with ease. Despite her size, it's obviously effortless for her to hold me up like this while she lines up with my muff, spreading of its own accord and damp enough to water crops. My question of if she intends to tease me or get right to it is answered promptly before it's even asked, when she shoves about half of herself inside during the opening of an inopportune blink. That shoots my eyes wide open, and pries a moan out of me as a fair chunk of my stomach bulges around what's stirring me. Doesn't quite pry my womb open, though, even if it's forced further up my body – I'm going to make her fight for that, if she wants it. “I thought you were going to try and destroy me, not tenderly caress my insides,” I tease, despite the fact the thrust would ruin an average girl.

“There is going to be ten minutes at most during the next three hours that I am not inside of you; we've ample time to continue foreplay,” she strikes back, as she again strikes inside of me with enough force I'm knocked an inch off of her and up the wall. And with that said, her face buries itself in my bosom, teeth clenching around a tit as she violently suckles, fangs puncturing just enough for small crimson streams to start up. Slowly and steadily, she alternates between trying fuck me off of herself and testing how far back her head can pull the leaking nipple before what it's attached to begins to strain. The gaps between bites are filled with soft gasps, and glistening sweat joins what was already soaking us.

Clenching below and trying to milk her for all I'm worth, I'm nonetheless unable to cling tightly enough to hold myself in place against her assault. Thinking it only polite, my hands slide along my legs, so that I can do the job of holding them in place and free up Remilia's to run down my body, where she's inclined to manhandle my ass with enthusiasm, gripping it firmly enough the cheeks sink beneath her. No matter the sounds she might be getting out of me, and no matter how I might relish the sheer volume of what's falling to stain the carpet, I still find time to claim that, “If I can't feel it, though, I won't be able to get off. It'd be horrible of you to only consider your own pleasure.”

The dig may be fake, but it does its job and gets her to retract her mouth to reply, “Isn't it a tad early for that act? I'd say it's more appropriate to bust out two or three rounds in, once I've actually gotten off.” To my great lack of surprise, its other job – trying to rile her up – is further out of reach. She jabs no faster and delves no deeper. Not that she needs to; carnal shivers aplenty are running along the whole of me, following in the wake of these wondrous sensations. Likewise, I can feel the quiver in her grip each time she plunges.

“Absolutely not,” I counter swiftly – as swiftly as the delighted shriek her sudden gyrations inside me allow. “It's a problem that needs solving early. You don't want to be inconsiderate, do you?” Not that she's short of consideration. The way she's twisting inside me right now is getting almost every one of my favorite spots inside of me. The savagery in how she's treating my bust is absolutely divine. And, really, can it be called a good session of sex if your ass isn't basically dented at some point by roaming hands?

“I was considering that you're going to start screaming like a whore once I'm filling you regardless,” she answers between burning breaths. Now, she doesn't know that. ... Okay, that's a lie, she knows that full well. Still just a little rude to point it out. Maybe we both have slightly different ideas of the scenarios we're playing out; it's not always possible to perfectly sync up. The slight disagreement isn't near enough to stop the flush that's come to tinge our faces, so it's hardly the worst issue in the world.

“Fine, if that's how you want to play it, I'll just-” A rather potent piston gives me another inch and strains my attempts to deny her entry where she's been trying to get, spiking through my indignant tone with a quick cry of lust. Oh. Oh, I see what her game is. I grit my teeth and actively fight my body a minute, trying to get through what I wanted to say. “I'll just have to-” Two more inches, that time, lifting me three off of her and beginning the inevitable process of leaving my womb open. “-get you off already-” The distension climbing my stomach grows taller, and the opening being made inside me grows wider. “-so I can start-” Damnably, this is the part where she near completely lifts me up off of herself, dragging me to slap above her crotch with vampiric force. The resistance I was attempting to put up is ruined – both in terms of the long groan of bliss I give on having my innermost walls struck, and the fact that she's gotten in to strike them. For a moment, a good foot of snake-like tongue hangs out of my mouth alongside some drool, before I snap back to reality and give an aggravated, “Damnit.”

“What's the issue?” I'm asked, her own composure barely holding enough to get it out between increasingly high-pitched grunts now that she's more quickly and very deeply skewering me. “You wanted that.” She thinks that she's going to get to smugly play off that little victory, and she's wrong. “I just-” Her next statement finds itself in tandem with an unholy tightening of my walls, the sturdiness of her unliving flesh the thing that keeps her dick intact. She might've gotten me to cry out, but I got her to orgasm first, and that's gotten something much higher pitched and constant out of her. The tide comes in, and it comes in hard, an excess of the stuff clambering up her length to make its way into me. The taste of it speaks of the world of difference between this and extracting my master's weekly payments – its taste is vile and corrupt in the most malignant of ways, a consequence of the utter carnality of the moment and the black nature of a vampire's soul. It's delicious, it reminds me of home, and while it proves her right, it takes a second for it to kick in and I still get to call that one my win.

As the first shot finishes and begins to blast back out of me, I freely start screaming like a whore, letting the pleasure move my body as it will. Below, Remilia doesn't stop, continuing to violate me and changing just where every spurt of seed lands within. Some come at the apex, as I press against her and feel the hard working, stiffly full balls keeping the last stretches of her length from me, and these help expand the ballooning I'm slowly undergoing. Others come nearly as she pulls out, often angled such that more ends up out of me than inside of me, aiding the fecund pool that's forming on the floor. Plenty yet, of course, strike a balance in the middle, ensuring the whole way up is thoroughly gooey with the thick ropes that serve as the morning's first, often dragged out in droves by the downstrokes. It carries on for at least a solid minute of mixing voices before it begins to flag, and it's another minute still before I'm entirely sure it's over. The biggest hint is the fact that I'm sitting just above the floor, Remilia's sitting on the floor, and both of us are taking a second to breathe after that one. The other big difference between her and Patchouli is that she's not shrinking, but that's a given, considering our plans.

I'm the first to get enough air to my lungs – despite what's crowding around them to make room – and be able to sigh, “Point for me.”

Far from a sore loser, Remilia inclines her head first, freely admitting, “I thought I had you far enough off guard. I was wrong.” Standing and lifting me off of herself, gravity begins to make its slow attempt to deprive me of the cum I worked so hard to earn. It'll have a time of it, though, especially given what I have in mind as an answer to the question of, “Where next, then?”

That being, naturally, “My mouth; I need to get you clean.” The sheer amount still clinging to her just as an afterthought could eclipse the totality of what some people can produce. “I'll handle this one,” I say, floating out of her grip and flipping myself upside down. The one issue with her dick is it really is a bit too good at pointing up; complicates things like this slightly.

“Well, if you insist.” Acquiescing so, she stands and stretches her arms, relaxing after the hard work of forced entry. She looks behind herself, and before getting to work, I follow her gaze. Confusion and fear both have left all of the fairies who got to watch that show; they appear to have devolved into their own little sexual pile at some point. Must've missed it while I was focusing on Remilia.

Speaking of which, I really should be. So, giving gravity the middle finger, I tug the cock I get to play with out as far as seems reasonable, enough to comfortably enjoy it. Ping ponging back to the other side of the foreplay vs. instant gratification argument, I start off slowly by letting the other foot of tongue that didn't loll earlier push out, exposing all I can and wrapping it around the head. Dragging upwards leads to jizz clinging, soon in my mouth when the forked organ collecting it snaps back. It tastes above as it did below. As I go to lovingly strip another strip of the vampire, though, she gives me something of a pointed look.

She sounds quite sorrowful as she says, “I believe this may be a little too leisurely; much as I enjoy the sensual cleaning, we do have quite a lot of ground to cover to reach that goal.” Twisting my neck, I look at the mess we've made. That is still pretty far away from the aimless pile of sprites in the middle of the room.

“When we aren't on the clock, then,” I agree, hastening things just a little and unhinging my jaw to open nice and wide. A quivering, freshly cleaned portion of Remilia vanishes within, pressing flat what before was servicing it. Given I'm doing this upside down, it's somewhere between difficult and impossible to keep my tits out of the mix without actively doing so. I'm far from that selfish, though, just to get a little bit extra of what I'm going to be given plenty of. Semen is smeared along them, complicating the matter of properly cleaning her off as they smear it back when dragged along.

“That remains impressive to watch,” Remilia remarks, probably not actually referring to my work. It's about now the earlier ravaging is being undone, all the extra canal that created itself to house her gradually shrinking back to where it normally rests. Consequently, it's got less room to hold the contents of an orgasm; it's not an issue when it's snug in the womb, but given that it isn't, there's a steady stream of spunk bubbling up and out of me despite my orientation. It creeps down my body in streaks, beginning the process of painting me entirely white. All in due time.

My response is lost, owing to my descent reaching the throat, coaxed easily to part. As readily as it opens, this is still just a bit past what I can manage to talk around. While my neck grows thicker from the sheer size of what's being pushed down it, I make the attempt to take in a breath through my nose. I get the delightful stench of cum, the intoxicating odor of musk, and the air never actually reaches my lungs. Weird, could have sworn I could still breathe around her at least. Guess I'll just have to be a bit quicker about it; it would be unseemly both to pull off for a breath and to end up asphyxiating myself into unconsciousness. I could just solve the issue with a snap of my fingers, but it's more fun this way; adds a bit of challenge.

“You seem to have started going quite far in the opposite direction,” the one doing the asphyxiating by accident observes as my steady descent starts to be more of a leaps and bounds kind of thing. I try shrugging casually without disturbing my breasts' part in this, because I'm almost certainly doomed if she happens to realize what the problem is. The gesture is pointless because, as she admits, punctuated by sighs, “I might have cheated, just a little; I used the blood tea earlier to grow a bit.” It's a dirty, awful, underhanded tactic, and I can't help but respect it.

On the clock and ill prepared for having to engage in a speed round, I take it upon myself to prove I can still win this legitimately – I am a succubus, after all. In record time, I go from halfway down her to nuzzling her crotch, face planted right against the twin bulges that I'll be emptying. The slap is loud and echoes off the walls, while I swiftly pull myself back up to repeat the process. Holding my bust all the more firmly, I don't let them flop around, even as quickly as I get myself going; I need them running her length up and down. Facefucking myself with the sort of frenzy that would gag even the most veteran of whores, I scrutinize every small detail to gauge my progress. How her fingers twitch, how her eyes widen, how her muff drools; I feel the blood which engorges her, and just how swiftly it pumps through it. No hint is lost to me. What I glean from this doesn't speak well for my chances.

Wordless groans aplenty mark the sloppy, spit-flinging blowjob. I can't say a word around her erection, and she can't get one out past her arousal. While it might seem like that would be good news, I can feel the response it earns from her – that constriction of her cock, the active battle against her own release. Even as her arms fling back reflexively, she holds it in. Her eyes are practically all iris at this point, a pure scarlet that plainly admit what she's fighting off. That childish slit has so much running out of it that I could fit my fist in there with ease; I could probably do that normally anyway, knowing this girl, but that's not the thing to take away. The thing to take away is that my supply of oxygen is running out faster than I can feel her resistance fading. I'm fighting a losing battle here, and my head's already starting to get fuzzy. I have one final out, though.

While I start to see black spots and my toes curl in delight, I get my tongue moving. Or, I try to. It's pinned very thoroughly at the moment, but I force it to move, centimeter by agonizingly slow centimeter. It's not going to make the slightest bit of difference to how I pleasure her shaft, but that's not my goal. I need to get it out of my mouth while I'm actually in control of my body enough to maneuver it with any finesse. My eyelids start to feel heavier, and I force out progress. My body starts to feel heavier, and I force out progress. My face turns completely blue, and I force out progress. My eyes roll back to nothing but their blackness, and out bursts several inches of tongue, teasing at her clit and sliding inside her folds. The climax that starts within radiates through her, and ruins any chance she can hold back in her less womanly appendage; I'm only vaguely aware of the cry she gives while I snap my fingers and scorch my lungs, exempting them from air for a few minutes. The deleterious effects of its absence vanish at once, allowing me to enjoy the natural response to being nearly suffocated: my own throes of ecstasy.
By the time I come to my senses, I'm notably fatter and laying on top of Remilia, who naturally took me down with her whenever she happened to be floored by pleasure. I shove myself off of her, bit by bit, until I'm laying on the floor instead. I may not need oxygen to live at the moment, but I still need it to talk, so I'm a good while from any sort of speech. That affords Remilia the initiative amid her labored huffs. “I am... quite impressed. Another victory to you. It appears I'm still not quite a succubus.” It's always good to know her fate manipulation abilities can't quite overcome that edge; I can see the case where the down to the wire nature means I catch on my teeth or something else embarrassing.

That sits a while as I recover and she waits for any kind of reply I might have; I'm looking to the future though, so as soon as I can reasonably expect my body to listen, I instead inquire, “New scene?”

It doesn't take even a second for her bemused response of, “Changing it up already?” Nor does it take long after for her to shrug and state, “If that's what you'd like; I'm on the back foot anyway. Rape?” Figuring I'll need the breath for what's to come, I answer with a nod. “You or I, then?” Jerking a thumb at myself handles that one. “I trust you're ready to start screaming?”

I test that theory by delivering a piercing wail. “Yeah, looks good. One second while I put the clothes back on.” We both stand up, and by fire I clad my body in cloth – for good measure, I also scald away the overflown jizz. I'm hardly even finished before I crash into the wall for the second time today, Remilia's hand around my throat. Her other hand is groping me through my top with unrestrained glee. “N-no, stop, please,” I stammer out through her grip in a quavering voice. “I don't-” The slap I receive from the hand that was groping me carries enough strength my head spins ninety degrees straight to the side.

“Shut the fuck up, bitch,” she spits in disgust, voice rougher than it should be possible for a girl with her looks to manage. “You're mine, and you'll do what I say.” I struggle haplessly against her grip, inadvertently shaking my ass as I do. The attempt, useless as it is, is infuriating to her, according to the pressure on my neck and the hiss of, “No fighting, now. Be a good girl and strip for me; you don't wanna get hurt, do you?”

“N-n-no...” I gurgle past the hold, my body frozen in fear while I choke. The pressure lightens, bringing about hacking and coughing; my hands move now, though, shaking as they undo buttons. It takes longer than it should to even get the vest portion shrugged off. My rapist is not so patient.

“Useless cunt!” she shouts, tearing away my skirt, the actually important thing to remove; not that I'd know that, being a pure, innocent girl who's having her virginity stolen. Of course, the particular fact that I have no underwear on might dispel that – I should be a bit less complacent in reusing spells – but it's rolled with easily, a lecherous chuckle preceding a statement all the more so. “Look at that. Walking around without anything on down there? You really are a slut, aren't you?” I try to shake my head, but that appears to be the wrong answer, as that gets another squeeze of the throat and a sinister,“Say it. Admit it.”

Tears stream down my face and my voice catches. The words die before reaching my lips several times, sobs alone coming out. With all the effort I can muster, I manage to croak out a defeated, whispered, “I... I'm... a slut...” Yet crying now shows how little I understand of what's to come; I soon do, though, as I feel something stiff pressing against my back. Is that..? It can't be, right? There's no way they can be that big...

As if to answer my thoughts, the figure behind me chuckles, mirthless and dark. “That's it,” they rasp, leaning in to lick me from nape to jaw, the hand that was holding me there forcing my legs to split as it lifts one into the air. “Just like that, and you don't have to get hurt... worse than you already will.” Instinct tells me what's coming before it does, the pressure on my back vanishing. That leaves me instead with an intense pressure in my gut, asshole spread wider than it possibly should in an instant. It knocks the wind out of me so hard I can't even scream in pain; nor can I even double over, either, there's so much stuffed into me. It's grinding my bowels against the wall I'm being held against, crushing me from two different ends as my eyes shrink to pinpoints. Then they actually begin to move, and I finally recover enough to even try.

My ass burns like an entire forest's been set on fire in there. The start of horrified, ghastly screams rise up, but each movement inside of me is so oppressive on my body that they come out half-formed and stillborn. I stare down in terror at the sight of how much I'm stretching. People can't stretch that much, right? No. No, that's not possible. The mangled cries meld with words while I strain to speak, “You'll ki-” As if to spite me, they angle further upwards, distending me less but shoving aside my organs more. I try again with a desperate, “I'll di-” They slam into me harder, and it takes me a while to realize that I hadn't felt the body behind this dick hit me yet – that they had even more they could bury into me. I try one more time, sobbing my way through, “It hur-”They yank my leg back, so that I'm forced to meet them halfway when they spear me again. Convulsing in pain, I find again that I can't even attempt to speak.

“Were you trying to say something?” they ask, mocking with laughter. “Something about how I'll kill you, maybe? How you'll die?” It's hard to register their hot breath against my ear as they lean in close to whisper the last word that seals my doom, piercing through the haze of agony. “Good.” They reel back in sadistic cackling, reveling in the fate this ravaging consigns me to. The spreading hell mounts, my consciousness drifts in and out, and my grip on the wall begins to slacken; the last thing I can recall is the way my body is overwhelmed by pleasure, the scenario I'm telling myself in my head getting a bit too good for me to hold on any longer while Remilia's railing me this thoroughly. My going off naturally means she ends up going off several seconds later, the scalding torrent so released twisting around in my guts, spiraling deeper. Some of it, anyway. Large globs backtrack to the open air, the splatter adding to what we'll be using a long while into the future. And, of course, there's what comes to rest in the first lengths of my guts, due to drizzle out with time and effort.

Like the last two, this explosion of seed lasts only so long before it's done weighing me down further; while that is a long time by most measures, it's still not infinite. Only infinitely strung together, or as close to it as we can manage. I shake my head, a little disappointed with myself, commenting, “That went way too quick. I need a less vivid imagination.”

“You may be right; that was a poor showing by your standards. Care to try for a do-over?” It comes with the light tone of a jest, which is good, because that's a horrible suggestion.

“Please, no,” I wave the idea down, hurrying along to, “Your point, so you pick.” I'm answered with a hum of thought, and soon enough she has an idea. Then I've another. Back and forth for hours more, the lumps that once housed such prodigious reserves shrinking the whole while, until they're hardly the imposingly firm things they were. Yet despite all odds, the girl is still hard right now, and would happily continue, regardless of what diminishing her finales have suffered after so much repetition. The both of us are caked in layers of semen, and we're not the only things. The walls are, the ceiling is, and the floor – yes, the floor is now pure off-white, no trace of the carpet we were once rolling upon left any more. The fairies, too; they haven't escaped from it. We haven't even gotten around to preparing them, and they're half-splotched already. I'm more of a sphere with limbs at this point than someone person shaped, going well beyond looking pregnant or any mundane deformity. The fact that I'm splayed out with Remilia laying on my swollen chest is making it hard to speak right now, which is largely owing to the fact that it all comes out as gurgles around what's being compressed back up my gullet.

That leaves the vampire the initiative, and as she clambers off of me, long strands of ejaculate still connecting us, she insistently declares, “I shall have the record reflect that time was called, and I did not concede.” She may try and mitigate it by claiming this, but she's just going to have to accept that the score for today was twenty-one to nineteen in my favor.

I lift my head up some, to help get the sticky mess flowing back down where it belongs. It takes this and multiple rounds of swallowing to get myself to a state where I can retort, “A victory by timeout's still a victory.” That was the only limit we even had in the first place; she can't change the rules on me now. The ground is hard to pull away from, mostly because I weigh twice what I used to and it's now like a much better smelling spider's web that also happens to be capable of impregnating women. I can get an arm up, at least, which means I can get a hand up to ask for Remilia's. “Bit of help? I wanna get to enjoy being this full for a while longer.” The clap of hands meeting is absent, which is only because the squelch of splashing seed comes instead while she drags me up; well, that and the tearing of everything I'm pulling away from. I can't actually raise my legs to walk – there's far too much sagging in front of them for that to be possible – but with less of me glued to the ground, I can cheat by flying. That solves my mobility issues, leaving me free to enjoy the steady and copious drainage out of my holes below. I offer an appreciative, “Thanks.”

It's waved down with a courteous, “Not at all.” Now that we're both up and functional, we can turn our attention to the five girls in the center of the room. They're all unconscious by this point – it was about an hour into our fun that they tuckered themselves out to reach this state. “Don't they just look precious like this?” Remilia coos, positively beaming at the slumbering quintet she's approaching, severing our bonds.

“They are very cute,” I agree, floating along with her. We share a moment of silence after our extensive, exhaustive romp, appreciating the simple beauty of five little girls covered in enough semen to produce at least five hundred more. When due reverence is paid, the only natural place to go from there is, “I'll handle the spells, you roll them up?”

Without even a moment's consideration, she strikes the deal with,“Fair enough distribution.” She picks up the smallest of the lot, a tiny thing with pigtailed aqua hair and wings like leaves, presenting her to me to do my magic. It's time to get to work. We're going to have a minute to chat here while we do. 
First thing's first, though: I stick a hand in my mouth, as the both of them are so deliciously filthy that I can't snap my fingers. My tongue trails along every crease and crevice, until what I pull back out is almost sparkling clean. Much cleaner than the black and red flames that run along the proffered fey's form, beginning the malign work of shrinking her down. Already slender arms become little better than twigs. Legs that didn't exactly have birthing hips slim down even further while shortening. Her head's not even the size one of Remilia's internal testicles used to be. The whole of her, now snug enough to be easily held in one hand, can't even claim to be as tall or as thick as that monstrous, batty erection. It's really rather rare to be able to manage that without some other kind of magic involved. Wait a second... It's that eureka moment that inspires my sudden question of, “Are all the dicks here natural, or was there another succubus before me?”

Remilia looks up from dipping the fairy's hair in seed, obscuring all color under its particular brand of white. She looks and sounds very pleased to deliver three answers to my two questions, “Only the fairies' are, there most certainly was, and there's absolutely no relation between those two things.” That's enough to give me pause as she smears the girl's face across the floor, until making out her expression would be difficult, were she conscious to make expressions – I would have sworn those two were going to be related.

That leaves me with two new questions, one of which seems like it might have a long answer. I don't have time for a long answer, as I'm pretty sure I'll be sent to go help my master out as soon as the fairies are prepared, so I settle on the thing I'm likely to be able to discuss. Or, I would, but the answer hits me before I can ask anything stupid like, 'Where did they come from, then?' Instead, keeping from slapping myself as the last layers of ejaculate are applied to the fairy, I confidently state, “It's one of Patchouli's old projects. Something you put her up to one day when you were bored.”

Curling up the fairy so that legs begin to vanish into mouth occupies the next few seconds while she focuses on getting the angling just right – there'd be a lot more retching and gagging, if she were conscious, as the sprites aren't generally known for their mastery of gag reflexes. Once that's making progress, she can turn her attention back to me; the tone she takes bears only a hint of strain. “Well, whether or not it's 'old' would depend upon who it is you ask. I find myself fond of the opinion that it's gone unfinished.”

Ah. So that's how it is. The fairy's face meets with her own crotch, which means it's time that I call down some more infernal fire – the semen covering her everything turns extra gooey and more clingy, ensuring she won't unfurl inside the next fairy in line. “What exactly's the rub?” I ask, a little perplexed still. The cocks are huge, their ejaculations are measured in gallons, and most of them are even animal based. I fail to see terribly many faults in her work, and that's high praise, coming from a succubus. “Was she supposed to do the fairies too – got tired of it before she did?”

“Oh, hardly,” she shoots that down, picking up the next fairy in line. A white and long haired thing with the intricate and colorful wings of a butterfly; she's got minuscule buds upon her chest, which, while nothing, still puts her exactly one weight class above Remilia. I set her momentarily alight as the vampire explains, “I'd hardly expect her to repeat the process hundreds of times over for every single fairy in my mansion. I don't believe most of them could even lift themselves if I had, either. No, I take a different issue with what she did. Surely you, of all people, would see?”

The first burst of fire was just to make the next fairy more malleable – as it turns out, a nature spirit's jaw is not designed to unhinge and accept another whole fairy inside it, even after reduction. Once the distension's dropped down her gullet and fattened her stomach, I channel a little malevolence, leaving her just shy of as tall as the vampire's prick, alongside horribly bloated. Now, thinking on it, any reasonable person that isn't a demon of sex would call what everyone was given excessive – but then again, the vampire's excess itself. I'm not sure about it, but I nonetheless venture, “Did she give up before she could make them even larger?” I kind of regret it after I do, because, really, when you think about it-

“If most of us were any larger, no one could do anything with the fairies; we're already banking on the fact that they can't actually die, or Reimu would have burned the place to the ground by now.” I get several tongue clicks and a tone that expresses the shame I feel, as Remilia pries open this one's twat with two fingers, scooping some seed in for extra cream filling. That inspires a wild idea that would be insane to suggest about anyone else, but which makes perfect sense when I consider who I'm suggesting it to.

With impressive sincerity, I inquire, “Was she supposed to make semen have specific flavors, but she couldn't be bothered to?” That gets her to pause dragging her morsel across the ground – insofar as she's touching the ground, and not a lake of ejaculate – and put her hand to her chin. This might mean I'm wrong, but it also means that she hadn't thought of that one yet.

“Where would I be without you, truly?” she asks rhetorically, voice light as air amid her chuckling. “It's the perfect excuse for me to go get her working on it again; I'll even complicate it further, making it harder on her by demanding she make everyone have multiple, daily rotating flavors, all building and mixing. Oh, she won't be able to turn me down this time. Your assistance is invaluable, as always.” That does much to improve her mood – and mine, after that first botched guess – while she bends this fairy backwards rather than curl her, testing how far in the legs can get while her stomach's already full. The answer seems to be just far enough for, if I'm judging right, her face to be planted right in front of her own ass.

“Oh, the ideas come easy; it's narrowing infinity down that's hard.” I laugh and snap twice, scouring the newly finished fairy in fire that seals her, while the next in line is made pliable in order to eat her. That next in line has short brown hair in a pony tail, tanned skin, and stony stalagmites hovering behind her – the only ones that Remilia deliberately snatches and tosses away. Of the fairies assembled, she happens to be the only one that possesses a penis, flaccid and adorable little thing that it is. “Want her hard, or no?”

“I might know the difference by the time she's been shrunken down; I doubt it can hurt things much.” Her wish is my command, and once the girl looks – appropriately enough – pregnant with twins, her length grows while the rest of her is made smaller and smaller. It's a net loss, in the end, and I could barely pinch what she's got between my fingers safely; at least she has the distinction of being the first of the fey to be taller than the measuring stick that is a vampire's dick, however much that counts when she's to be cooked later. “Perhaps you are right, though; my tastes are eclectic enough there must be a hundred more suggestions you could make. A hint, then, as you've certainly earned it: I had her give Sakuya a canine cock for a very specific reason.”

Well, I know the answer to that one easy, a rapid, “As a cruel joke, so that screwing someone means she has to knot them for an hour she'll never get back?” That wasn't the solution, but it did have the desired effect of making her drop the fairy with a splash, raising her hand to her mouth to stifle a delighted giggle.

“That was only a very fortunate side effect, I'll have you know; there was an entirely separate reason.” She's still giggling as she says this and picks the fairy back up. She was most of the way done, but most of the way isn't good enough in this case. While she hits the last blind spots, grinding the sprite against the gunk, she nods at me. “A serious guess, if you please.”

I did actually know the answer to that one easy. It couldn't be more plain and obvious if she tried. I breeze through, “Well, that's because she's exactly like a dog, really. She's at your side more than twenty-four hours a day, I'm pretty sure; she's orders of magnitude beyond loyal enough to die for you; she fetches everything you ask her to, everything you don't ask her to, and also everything not covered there. Oh, and because decorum's the only thing keeping her from humping your leg every waking moment of the day; you do know how much she wants to fuck you, right?” Not quite as rapid onset as the giggling, her laughter is more of a knowing sort as she gives a few good shoves to try and force another inch of leg to fit so that this one'll be snug too.

“I'm naturally aware, but she simply will not say anything about it. No matter how sexually liberated I make this place, and no matter what I prove I'm okay with, she staunchly refuses to tell me she wants to rut me until I break. Honestly, I don't know what I'm going to do with her, sometimes; she's far too serious for her own good. Of course, you're correct about why I gave her it, as well. That cuts away enough esoterica, yes?” Remilia eventually has to accept that she isn't going to be able to get the rest of those legs in there, letting me glaze this one over and seal the deal. The fourth, in which she is placed, has fiery red hair and the thin wings of a wasp. Her hands and feet have curiously long and sharp nails by the standards of a fairy, painted red where they're not stained white. She looks full to bursting when the three prior finally reach her stomach with a lot of shoving, and when I perform the last, least potent of the size decreases, she looks about like she's ready to explode, veins visible upon her straining skin.

I sigh before offering my final answer, as I can see the scene in my head, however long ago it happened. Understanding, I sound weary as I rattle off, “Of course. Patchouli refused to give herself an animal's, didn't she? You had the perfect one picked out, she'd already gotten through the rest of them, and then she wouldn't do it, leaving her the odd one out and ruining whatever plan you had. You argued for hours, then days, then weeks and months and years, yet she was too pig-headed to lose even to you. Now, however long later, you still can't get her to so much as budge – it seems like she never will, which is infuriating, isn't it?” I very nearly feel a little personal vitriol damn near leaking into my words several times throughout that, probably because of this whole love thing; I'm not sure whether or not Remilia notices, as intuiting facial expressions gets much more difficult when they're buried under a mask of cum, and my voice at least holds. If she did, she opts against commenting on it or stopping in her work, slathering semen all over the the fey's body. She's giving this one little mounds on her chest, likely just as an exercise in seeing if she can make them look like actual tits. Despite having material that many would argue has negative artistic merit, she does a pretty good job. I'd fondle them, if that wouldn't make them fall apart.

The vampire gives a restrained sigh of her own. “That's the right of it. It's hardly worth being glum over, but a thorn in my side nonetheless. Once I drag her back onto it with your suggestion, I'll have much firmer ground from which to insist that her mundane, human appendage is simply abominable, an affront against all good.” That's long enough for her to make the fairy's thighs cooperate and file into her mouth. It's very, very forced, and she has to keep jamming them in there while I burn them into place, which also means she has to cut some off the top with her own sharp nails; that, consequently, means she needs sharp nails, so now it's her turn to lap at a hand until it's free of cum, letting out a satisfied breath thereafter and chopping her other free. “Now, the final and most important question: what animal's would you give her?”

The answer comes out of my lips automatically, “A pig's. She's kind of fat, she doesn't have to move to actually fuck me with it, and most importantly, once you scaled it up, she'd also be stuck cumming in me for at least an hour; she'd have a hard time keeping that indifferent look on her face for that long.” With that said – perhaps a bit more insistently than I meant to – and one final snap on my part, Remilia has successfully forced the fourth fairy into the last and fattest. Who is now very noticeably fatter. I might have overestimated how well her own portliness would help to hide the fact that there's something in there. At least it is a properly rounded gut; it's easy enough to play off as a very meaty specimen.

Evidently, the mistress of the mansion agrees, as her fingers come together for her own snap, and like that, the fairy's gone – as is a considerable extra chunk of the spunk that was all over the floor. Must've taken it for glaze. The task done, Remilia turns to me, giving a thoughtful, “Pig, hmm? I can't say that I agree.” Shaking her head, she leads me on out to the door; it proves that I have to suck in my gut to get through. Which is to say, take in and absorb every drop of seed, abruptly becoming a flat entity for a second before I'm back to normal and still buck naked. Really wish my contract didn't specifically prevent me actually getting nutrition for anyone but my master... the things I could do with all that extra magical energy. The small crowd that followed earlier was apparently not convinced to leave by the door that slammed in their faces, nor far enough away from the action to avoid their own sexual coma. As we step over the bodies, Remilia puts forth her own, earnest suggestion, “A dolphin's what suits her best. It's attached to a nice, smart animal; it's prehensile enough to help her snack while she's reading; and, I'm fairly certain she could get her loads so high pressure they shot all the way out the library, saving her the effort of cleaning up.”

They're not reasons I can fault. That doesn't mean it doesn't rub me the wrong way, though. I shiver just imagining that slimy thing inside me... sitting there, doing absolutely nothing. Just the thought of her finding new ways to be lazy mid-coitus when she could be slapping my insides around with its flexibility is stomach-churning. “As fair warning, you and I will have to fight if you manage to get her to agree to an animal penis,” I state quite emphatically.

The translation of the laughter I get in response is, 'Do you actually think you could win in a fight against me?' What she actually says to me, cheerily, is, “Do go see her, now. We haven't even built that bridge, let alone come to crossing it, and I'm sure Patchy's about ready for you. You've been an indescribable help, as ever.” Offering me a smile behind all that caked on seed, she waves me off; I wave back, and it's on to my master's library.

I fly in to find her channeling nondescript purple energy, fiddling with various large, octahedral crystals floating in circle, rather varied in color; eight of them in total, arranged light blue, dark blue, purple, pink, orange, yellow, light green, and then capping back at light blue. The closest I have yet come to meeting the elusive younger sister. I don't have long to muse on this, as Patchouli turns around almost as soon as I show up. Her normally pallid complexion has a bit more color, and her often dull eyes have a little more shine. That's just the experiment, though; you could maybe tack on the good night's sleep as helping slightly. She ushers me over with fervent motions, calling, “Koakuma, excellent. Just on time. Everything is finally calibrated and attuned. Into the circle, quickly now.”

Strictly speaking, that is an order, which means strictly speaking, it's more trouble than it's worth to ignore it, even if I wanted to. Magical contracts do not fuck around, unless you are so far above the weight class of whoever's enforcing it – that's your summoner, usually – that it's not even funny. Succubi aren't exactly high-tier, but enough raw energy's enough raw energy; that's probably why my contract is strict on who's a valid feeding target. I float my way into the circle, asking, “So what do I-”

I am stopped dead in my tracks before reaching there, by the frantic waving of my master's arms in the ground's direction. I'm surprised she can even throw them around that hard; how are they not snapping off? I take her meaning, though, and drop to the ground, carefully stepping in as she nearly shouts, “Flight cannot be allowed, at all! It introduces too many complex variables and exponentially increases the throughput required!” She stresses this with more energy than I've almost ever seen her put into a declaration, enough I nod several times reflexively to show that I absolutely understand and will not forget. The very act of it leaves her needing a good few seconds to recover, and this is on a good day, too. When she's only at a mild huff, she calmly instructs me, “Clothe yourself, first.” Always with the propriety and modesty. I summon up the usual, hoping she's happy that- “Now, if you would render yourself naked.” Is she... fucking with me? No, that stare is all business, and I established earlier she has no sense of humor. A puff dismisses them. Does that mean I can- “Good. For the rest of this, I'd appreciate it if you'd clothe yourself once more.”

I hang my head, holding it in both of my palms as they run down my face. Stemming a tide of swear words, the first salvo of which were in an infernal language I don't think would translate well, I huff for an entirely different reason. When I have my composure in hand, rather than my face, I ask, just a little tersely, “Would you explain what we're doing here?” And also put on my clothes. Magical contracts still don't fuck around.

That perks her right up back up after my near slip earlier. It's her excuse to being rambling, after all. “Well, if you're interested. The idea I've hit upon is to use a matrix consisting of a set of Flandre's crystals to absorb and store power for the purposes of creating an enclosed space which-” This is going to go on for a very long time if I let it. 
While I might not be a formally trained magician, I am nonetheless entwined with magic, having had plenty of time to pick up tips and tricks from previous summonings as well. I figure I can let her explain it in detail; it's an idea of Remilia's, which should be interesting enough, and maybe it'll help make her more inclined to answer questions later. So I keep silent for now as she carries on, “-functions in a manner not entirely dissimilar to Gensokyo itself, being a reality with its own laws and specific functions. Gensokyo, in turn, bears many similarities to the Earth we came from, as basing a demiplane's topography and physical laws upon the familiar is an excellent means of reducing the calculations required for its creation, and the cost in sustaining its existence – the more of your own rules you add, the more natural rules you remove, the more energy you must devote to sustaining your creation, all further compounded by how large you make it. This, in turn, displays the genius and the sheer power that has gone into Gensokyo's crafting. Consider the spellcard system, and tell me: what do you know of it, truly?” It's one part to make sure I'm paying attention, two parts giving her an opportunity to breathe for a second.

Well, if she's going to quiz me, I should at least make the attempt sincere. I think a second on what few battles of danmaku I've seen, the brilliant explosions of color and light that result whenever combat breaks out. In fact, even Meiling is bound by the spellcard rules, kicks, punches, and chops dulled from their lethal potency with magic, turned to rainbow hails and orbs of energy. I wouldn't think a kick that cracks like thunder could avoid splintering someone's ribcage when it hits their chest. Unless... “It looks to me like it's automatic,” I guess with fair confidence, hand on my chin and head automatically nodding in understanding. “It almost has to be. Just having any spiritual reserves doesn't instinctively give you the ability to turn them into harmless energy orbs for friendly dueling. Harnessing them at all usually requires some study or natural predilection, but everyone here seems to be able to manage it, regardless of who they are.”

In a manner very much pleased by my answer, my master grins, slamming her hands on the tome-laden desk she's sitting at. My willing participation gets her worked up and, with extreme gusto, she shouts, “Exactly! That's exactly it! The spellcard rules are far more than just edicts which are kept enforced by one shrine maiden – they are as much a law of Gensokyo as gravity itself! The very air around you is charged with magic to intuit intent, to discern magical capabilities, to dull strikes that would crush the physical and make them instead drain the spiritual – you could no more fight this by normal means than the average human could fight gravity by flapping their arms! Now, flight! Why do you think I was so insistent that it couldn't exist?” To her credit, despite working herself up, she isn't slumped over her desk and atop her arms by this point, which I'd honestly have called inevitable if she displayed anything resembling this level of enthusiasm for any period at all.

But why was she so insistent that flight couldn't exist? She said earlier that it's easier to work off the base of whatever you have as a point of reference, and her point of reference is currently Gensokyo, where flying is easy, cheap, and... that's... not normal. It practically is the magical equivalent of fighting gravity by waving your arms; my little head-wings certainly don't have the strength to lift even one of my voluminous tits, let alone all of me. I just thought that seemed natural, in a place as jam-packed with magic as this is, but now that I've had it posed to me, I fire back, “Hold on, that's part of this place too, isn't it? Either because of the ambient magic powering the spellcard system or as its own, entirely new property. Which means that you must have deliberately stripped it out of whatever you're making, because the strain of continuously paying for the ability of anyone, anywhere to fly as they please must be... ridiculous, surely.”

“It is!” she cries back as soon as I've made the suggestion, sounding both in awe and angry at the same time. “The numbers I ran for even the small space I intend to create were baffling – impossible! It would kill the greatest magicians of the ancient ages in a week to keep it going, and it's barely a fraction of Gensokyo's size! Flandre's constant and unstable flux, multiplied manifold by her nature as a vampire, could run it for maybe a month – and that's assuming its processes gradually broke down, easing the burden! It's absurd! Adding either of these properties to Gensokyo should be an exercise in suicide, yet here you and I stand discussing them in a world clearly functioning without interruption while bearing them both! I've needed an entire month just to wrap my head around the principles rooting the spellcard system and flight to reality, and even now I'm not completely sure I've gotten rid of them all; at best, I'm almost certain I've gutted them thoroughly enough that I won't have to abort the process mid-way through to avoid killing myself!” This time she does fall back onto the desk to help support herself, laughing just a little bitterly. The difference in scale between this little project of hers and the land she calls home seems to be giving her just a slight case of envy, as much as she's clearly enjoying getting to explain these findings to someone.

She definitely needs to calm down a smidge, however, and think about her health; I can see the rise and fall of her breasts growing more labored by the second, and she's just shy of gasping for breath between laughs. I try and scale the conversation back a bit, inquiring, “If you've already stripped the rules out, then how would I be adding flight back if I flew into these crystals? You said they're absorbing and storing power – does that mean more than just the raw energy required to keep it going? If it does, then...” Understanding lights up my face immediately. My spells for summoning clothes and dismissing them are extremely simple and don't have too many moving parts, especially considered academically. So if she wanted to double check that a system for storing magical effects was working...

“It's a step better than you're thinking,” she assures me, sounding quite proud of this fact as she cuts into my thoughts. “They're not just remembering the spells cast inside them; they're remembering their root components, the building blocks that went into making them. You didn't just give me a spell in that reality to summon some secretary's uniform – you gave me the very act of magically clothing someone in any kind of garb, able to be tweaked as I see fit. Which means that...” She barely has to pause to offer me a chance to continue proving I'm following along; hands-on learning with magic is just as useful as poring over tomes for figuring out how finicky it can be if you're willing to get turned into clothes a few dozen times before you actually get them on your body.

With absolute certainty, I finish her statement with the assertion, “... if I'd flown into the crystals, it would have had a pattern for magical flight inside of it again, as I'd be using a spell for it, even if the costs to me were being paid by this reality, or the formula itself were derived from this reality. It might do nothing, with most of the rules scrubbed out, or it might be the thing that causes the project to eat you alive the second you turn it on.” I can see why she'd be so insistent I don't fly in, now that we've gotten here. In fact I'm surprised she didn't yell louder and quicker, instead letting her arms do the work of stopping me from making a very costly mistake. One thing does bug me, though, given what I've been told so far, so I ask, “But wait a second, why would that be such a big deal? Surely if you can work with my clothing spell, you can work with the flight, too?”

“Ordinarily, yes,” Patchouli concedes, but of course her tone assures me this particular case is extraordinary. “The problem I face is the lengths I've had to go to in order to get the crystals to function the way they do. Their essence is effectively little more than crystallized and constrained energy, useless on its own except to create an explosion of disconcerting proportions – forcing them to remember anything, at all, has required the heavy-handed solution of permanently affixing any spell's essence to them, and they are heavily chaotic. Right now, if we were to destroy one of them, they would do one of three things, depending on our luck: clothe everything possessing vaguely humanoid proportions within a radius of several miles; destroy every article of clothing in that same area; or pull all within the blast into a collapsing, half-formed reality while I learn whether or not I can sustain it long enough for us to get out before it crumbles, taking us with it.” There should probably be slightly more drama to her voice when she explains that last option, as that sounds like it would be an impressively bad mishap. She's rather clinical about the possibility, which is really something, because if anyone was going to get left behind inside a crumbling, malformed demiplane, it'd probably be her. These thoughts afford a long enough silence that she can append, “Of course, there's the possibility that my work in splitting up what it learns for my use would mean its possible results could be far more numerous; but at that point, it's worthless to speculate on what would happen, as the interactions inherent in every physical law that makes reality tick would afford more fates than I've the inclination to rattle off.” That also sounds like a large list of things that could go wrong that would be extremely lethal to a number of people, made slightly less impressive by my master's delivery.

I make a note not to disturb the crystals in any way that could destroy them, having a number of good reasons to to so, and spitball another consideration to get closer to the heart of the matter. “Even if that's the case, it's figuring out the spell and how to formulate it that's the hard part; once you have it, you can replicate it pretty easily. So even if I'd flown in, what stops you from just setting it up again? These eight were only one wing's, weren't they? You wouldn't even be out of crystals, even if you can't undo the process of modifying them for your purposes and start from scratch. I can't imagine that's more than a day's setback.” There must be something I'm missing, as it doesn't quite add up again.

Patchouli does seem to agree with my assessment, constantly egging me forward with small nods that confirm everything I'm saying. When I'm through, she does look impressed and congratulate me, “Were you not so recently summoned, I believe you'd understand my issues. I can't fault your reasoning, given what you've been told of Flandre.” Naturally, it's what I haven't been told about her that's important, and so she continues in a scholarly drone, “Allow me to elucidate. These crystals are not, in actuality, a part of her body – they're growths that form along her wings, a sort of counterbalance to the fact that she produces more power than she can safely hold. The issues I face in having to use them are twofold: not only would adding flight to them be permanent, like you posit, but these are some of the largest growths Flandre ever produced, hailing from a time before we could safely and routinely remove them. Every calculation I have run so far has been predicated upon the amount of energy I will have available inside of them, for all processes such as recalling spells, helping me sustain the world I intend to create, and giving life to the creatures that will live within. While there is another set of them at this size, they are presently in use; Sakuya holds onto them in order to keep the mansion sizable enough for Remi's liking, consequently and happily ensuring I have enough room for all the knowledge I have acquired. Logistics alone make it unfeasible to ever take them back from her, as letting spatial laws have any stronger a hold on this place would be nightmarish. As such, and especially considering the disparity between these eight and the next largest set, it is far from exaggeration to state I would be put back months, at best, if my work could even be continued at all.” Now that actually works up to being gravely delivered, the idea that ruining these things could also ruin the project itself. I wonder if I'd have just been dismissed on the spot if I'd accidentally flown in; I can't discount the possibility.

Rather than dwell on that idea, I decide to backtrack a ways, as there's one thing I never did quite establish, getting sucked into discussing the mechanics of making it happen as I did: to what end is this demiplane being made? I could certainly suss it out with another hint or two, but I think she'd rather run it down herself, as opposed to drip feeding me pieces and seeing how long it takes me to arrive at the conclusion, the way the vampire herself prefers. So, voice ripe with curiosity, I ask, “And what does she want you to do that requires making an entire plane of existence that, itself, depends upon these seemingly one of a kind crystals that you will never be able to use for anything else? What's the end goal of it all?”

“I wouldn't say the goal of it is nearly as interesting as the method of achieving it,” she states, dryly, rending asunder my prediction. She still explains, with only intermittent pauses for breath, “But what she wishes that I do is put a fairy – 'the least fairy-like,' as she said – through a trial. A trial of slaying a whole slew of sexual beasts and beings, in order to win freedom. There are a few challenging particulars that actually make this a very worthy project. She insists the creatures absolutely must be considerably stronger than the fairy herself – not the toughest of tasks by any reckoning, but more of a concern when they must also be so feral and single-minded that sex and violence are all that's on their minds. We are allowed great leniency, but we could not freely unleash this upon Gensokyo itself without fear of retribution; this is one reason for the plane's necessity, to afford us more control over what we're designing. The designing itself is another issue: while we do possess a stable of magical beasts, iterating on them to produce what we're after would take too long in real-time.” That in particular sticks out to me as odd, as my understanding is everyone living at this place is ageless and free of time's rigors, but she's on a roll so I don't actually interrupt her, instead continuing to listen intently. “To speed up this process, I'm making use of the artificial nature of what's being created – since it exists under the parameters I set, I can use trial and error to modify them with magic, with no risk to our actual stables. Again, the plane shows its usefulness. The real hurdle, which has vexed me while I have worked to remove Gensokyo's most integral features, is the fact that she wants it all to be conquered in one attempt. If the fairy dies, everything is to come back, resetting her progress to zero. I couldn't possibly make this work here, as you look to understand.”

I certainly understand, blinking several times at how utterly ludicrous this is, even by Remilia's standards. Perfect regenerative immortality is not exactly easy to just give to something, much less perfect regenerative immortality tied to a trigger as specific and arbitrary as, 'a fairy died.' I don't so much want to know as have to when I ask, incredulously, “And how, by all that's unholy, did you fix that problem? Because unless you're secretly some kind of deity and can snap your fingers to do whatever you want, that sounds just about impossible.” She isn't, and I can tell that because she's still reeling a little from all this talking, giving herself a few more seconds to let the lungs catch up before saying anything. What's not surprising, when she's ready to make her dramatic declaration, is how she crosses her arms against her chest, absolutely smug with pride. What is surprising are the first two words I hear, in a tone that certainly thinks she's some kind of divine entity.

“I cheated!” I look at her like she's absolutely mad, because this doesn't explain anything to me – it does quite the opposite – yet she continues right along without caring. “Make something that comes back to life when a fairy dies?! What kind of absurdity is that?! The only entity that comes back to life when a fairy dies is the fairy! But that's just it, isn't it? That very problem is the solution!” She's officially lost me, despite the wonderful job I was doing in following along with the magical theory of it all. My lack of comprehension seems to only quicken her ranting on this breakthrough. “A fairy's soul can't be claimed for any afterlife, so they're free to die as much and as long as they like! Suffering no adverse effects, they'll simply reappear wherever their consciousness associates with 'home', often the natural object they're tethered to!” Okay, yes, that's a crash course in how fairy resurrection works, but how does that actually- “Yet what if we overwrite that association by tethering them to the demiplane itself? What if we make her soul and the location one and the same? What if every living thing there is part fairy – part of that fairy? What if it all blends together so seamlessly, the soul can't tell the difference? What then?” Even if she wanted to continue, she can't, having by this point expelled the last of her air until she's blue in the face. She tries and fails to fix me with a gaze that demands an answer to this barrage of questions, suffering from the slight rub of her head being a little too heavy to lift off her desk after it landed there.

I stare at her for several long seconds in silence, an arm raised from a failed attempt to make a point in counter during that rant, fingers uncertain about how they wish to orient themselves. “I-” comes the first false start, while the idea runs through my head another time. “But if-” I try again, still uncertain enough to stop myself. “Okay, I'm pretty-” While that is true, given that I am a demon of sex, it is nonetheless not the opening to the statement I want to make. Eventually, I have to give up on trying to be quite on the same level as her in terms of understanding this and simply admit, “I don't entirely know if that solves the problem, but whatever it does, it sounds like it could remake the entire place every time she dies, which cannot possibly be efficient, especially given how easy it is to kill a fairy.”

By now, she's managed to shove herself a few inches back up, the better to level a stare at me. In the most indignant huff it's possible for someone to manage while short of breath, she asserts, “Only if my implementation is off.”

It's such a simple and brash statement I really can't refute it, especially since I'm guessing at best as to what this sort of entanglement will even do. I spend a long time emptying my own lungs in one sustained breath, finishing with the singular word I've any air left for at the end of it, “How?”

At that, she forces herself fully up, barely ready for the indescribable exertion of straightening her spine. “The water from the Sanzu,” she tells me between inhalations. “Or whatever I can rig together as an alternative. Something instantly lethal which I can submerge her in, so that her body remains dead for the whole duration while I freely manipulate her soul. As long as the body doesn't undergo damage, it should confuse the soul enough to stop it making a new one, letting me anchor her to the crystals and finish the process.”

There's no denying that it sounds like she's thought it out. She's had plenty enough excitement for now, so rather than press her on any other details that might get her going again, like what she intends to do to the things that will inhabit this place, I instead suggest, “Maybe it's about time we actually started working on it.”

“We have spent enough time discussing it, I believe,” she agrees as she tests her ability to sit up without the aid of two hands and her desk. The ability is minimal, but present. Her difficulties in staying up do nothing to hinder her offering me a smile, sending a jolt through my heart I am entirely unprepared for. She even sounds a little happy to say, “I am pleasantly surprised, though, both that you were interested and able to keep up.” The moment is as fleeting as it is surprising, and it's soon the smile's vanished, replaced by the usual serious working expression, perhaps just slightly softer than usual. “Then, let's begin collecting data. I'd like you to grow yourself a phallus.”
The fact that the fire conjures something standing erect and tenting my skirt is notable, considering the pounding in my chest right now. Of course, my master doesn't seem to actually care, likely filing it under 'a succubus thing' if it even registers as she eyes the rainbow around me. Rather than sit here in silence casting magic while she examines results, I settle on a topic of conversation more likely to get me going than her. “I heard from Remilia that you had another succubus before; was working with her much different?” That may sound like a dumb question, but succubi come in many shapes and sizes. Some wish they were incubi, and prefer whatever dominance they can get away with. Some absolutely loathe summoning, becoming the absolute worst people when under a master, despite being perfectly personable as long as they're back home. Some actually treat their summoning stints as vacations from the wanton cruelty and bloodshed of home – weird folks, those. That's just to name a few differences that crop up.

Now, I expect the disinterested glance I get in response to the question. I'm likewise ready for the lazy and uncaring tone my answer comes in. What I failed to prepare for was the question I'm asked in return, “Did she really say there'd only been one?” That strikes down the flutter of my heart, as not only was that an assumption I made, but I can already tell what I'm in for just from that. “That looks sufficient. Grow it larger, now,” she comments as she waits for my answer.

The snap to enlarge my drooping member is automatic while I go through the – much more difficult than it should be – task of donning a poker face and keeping these strange, foreign emotions from invading my voice. “I, uh, suppose she didn't, explicitly,” I confess with more pauses than I'm used to inserting, doing a sorry job that Patchouli doesn't seem to see through. “How was working with, er, them, then?”

The following hum of thought transitions into, “Yes, that should work. Smaller next, please.” Of course, thinking on the data she's getting, instead. Naturally. There's a second before I can bring myself to do as she asks, finally receiving a dismissive answer of, “Not terribly different, case to case. They've all been remarkably similar.”

Uneasily chuckling, I press forward despite every alarm bell ringing in my head that says I've already solved the conversation that's coming and don't like the answers my questions will get. “They, uh, they can't all have, like, been totally the same, er, right?” I am disgusted, having to listen to myself sounding like this.

“It would be a lie to say they were carbon copies. But they've all shared the same general trends.” She pauses her thought, swiping a purple lit finger through the air, causing the crystals to twirl around me. She seems satisfied then, picking up where she left off, “Next I'll need you to remove it.”

Ash rains from within my skirt, and for some reason I find it slightly more difficult to breathe. Rather strange, as I haven't convinced Patchouli to wrap her hands around my neck. I take several unsteady breaths and then quickly cry, “Looks! They must have, eh, looked different, at least, mostly, right?” A simple question like what they looked like really shouldn't be able to fill me with this much dread.

“The first one did,” Patchouli concedes, giving me at least a moment of hope before dully smashing it with, “I had yet to properly develop anti-succubus wards back then, so she was able to figure out how to shape herself to appeal to me. Speaking of, actually, could you make yourself larger?” Wait wait wait did she just admit that she likes larger girls? I'm perhaps a bit too hasty in sizing myself up by about a foot and filling my body in more, letting the fabric of my conjured clothes strain. “Perfect.” Yes, she said my body's perfect, I'm- “Next I'll need you to make yourself smaller.”

Oh. Oh, of course. Why did I even get excited? How did that even go through my head? She specifically sets up wards to prevent that, why would she give it away so easily? What the fuck is wrong with me right now; does stupidity come standard with love? Sizing down to a child barely larger than Remilia, my skirt falls to the ground, the modesty my master desires kept only by how large my shirt is on me, sleeves hanging past my hands. More desperately than I'm comfortable with, I insist, “The rest of them, they, I mean, they couldn't all have been the same, uh, right?”

“They all chose to be quite buxom.” Well, yes, most people do prefer there be plenty of chest there, but- “They all chose to give themselves an hourglass figure.” Okay, you can't fault someone for that if you won't give them anything to- “They've all favored long hair.” Look, long hair makes for something good to grab onto, can you really- “Of course, they kept certain demonic markers to appear exotic.” Are you seriously trying to tell me you don't like the black sclera, for fuck's- “And so on, and so forth. You can go back to normal now, fix your clothes up, and... make yourself look a little more demonic.”

It's the best I can do to not sputter in protest after all of that. My legs crack and splinter, turning digitigrade and hairy, cloven hooves sprouting in place of feet. Holes are torn in my vest and undershirt as smoldering wings unfurl to their full and massive length, ripping open my back. Speckled and infernally red, my skin is run through with far more notable veins, transporting an ichorous tar all throughout. The twisted and jagged horns growing out of my head act as the ultimate example of the spiky protrusions running along the whole of me. Deeply rumbling, my new voice helps obfuscate the pitiful manner in which I ask, “But, like, personalities? They can't have been, just, entirely the same, can they?”

“Sex obsessed-” You summoned succubi! That's a free bingo square! “-fast friends with Remi-” She has interesting ideas, who wouldn't be?! “-trying to tempt me whenever we-” Of course they were! How could anyone not want to, you're so aloof when we fuck! “-like a zombie.” It's only... wait, what? “Koakuma, I'd like you to try and rot yourself, like a zombie.” I have finally gotten so bad that she has to focus on me, rather than her experiment, repeating herself so that she can be heard over my own internal thoughts. I think this might be the first time I've ever considered that I wanted to die for a reason besides finding some new way to get off.

“Right, uh, right,” I hastily agree, trying to move things along before she can catch on any more than she seems to be starting to. Red flesh turns green, black, and purple, form losing all demonic traits to instead turn rotten and bruised. Holes come to pockmark me, scraps of flesh doing as poor a job of knitting wounds closed as I am of holding my composure. My eyes glass over, as dull and lifeless as I'm starting to feel inside; I have to hold one in place, as it's trying to fall out while I groan out a wheezy, ill-advised, “Well, er, uh... what'd you name the rest of them?”

It's my turn to be stared at like I'm crazy, a perplexed look coming across her face. A similar tone permeates her voice as she asks, “Why would I need to name them anything other than Koakuma? It's a perfectly descriptive name for a familiar that's a low level demon.” I'm still reeling mentally from the knowledge of exactly how replaceable I am when she returns to a calm, focused tone to ask, “Could you try and mold yourself out of slime?”

Rather than do so, I ask the one one word going through my head right now, “Why?” The croak it comes out as is slightly more difficult to pass off as a consequence of my lungs being barely functional and half ripped open inside.

Rather than be concerned by that fact, though, she answers my question, without answering my question. “Gelatinous enemies are a common threat with sexual applications that-”

I turn myself to green, acidic slime, too out of it to even bother holding a humanoid form, just so that she'll shut up and examine magical data instead. Oozing across the floor, voice partially garbled and distorted like I'm underwater, I clarify, “No. Why summon multiple succubi? If we're so interchangeable, what's the point? Why swap between them? Why bother? Why?”

“Oh, that. That would be the fault of Remi's bad habits.” That certainly gets me to extend up and take on a human shape again. If I'd felt like bothering to go through a million possibilities in my head, that wouldn't have been within a mile of any of my guesses. “She alternates between making this the most depraved mansion she can manage, and making it the most puritanical. Would you set yourself on fire?”

The sinking, depressive feeling that's been growing during this conversation is being very quickly replaced by incredulity as my slimy body is set more permanently ablaze than just as a demonic declaration of magic. “Come again?” I gurgle beneath the gentle roar of the inferno, skeptical at best of this claim.

“It is rather absurd, isn't it?” Patchouli agrees, a jet of water spraying out of her hand to douse the floor beneath me before the very flammable library can suffer adverse effects from my present heat. “One day, she's assembling every fairy to urinate at once, to make a pool she'll use for that day only; the next, so much as kissing without her first presiding over a wedding ceremony – every prior marriage having been annulled – is grounds for being impaled outside like she's actually Vlad Tepes. You don't still need to be on fire, you know.”

I can't be faulted for not thinking to extinguish my flames when she's trying to convince me of something this insane. I just helped Remilia put five fairies into each other for a sexual, cannibalistic meal she's as likely to fuck as eat. But apparently, she just turns this trait off at random? Doing away with the flames, I also go back to being largely human for good measure. Then, much more pressingly, I blitz through, “How does that even work?”

“Poorly,” she answers at first, jotting down notes on parchment next to her. “Make your body more rubbery and stretchy, now,” she follows up after as I try to hold onto my patience, letting the same magic I used on the fairies earlier wash over me. My reward is her continuation, “The fairies can't keep it straight, so half of them are inevitably strung up over the first week. She refuses to let me remove everyone's grotesque sexual organs, so they get in the way even more than they usually do. And, of course, I'm forced to summon a new familiar, which is always an ordeal when I still bear a succubus' taint.”

It's the mention of 'new familiar' which catalyzes the sudden realization I have that whenever this transition occurs, I'm going to be sent away without a second thought. It sounds as vitally important as I feel it is to ask, “How often does she do this?”

“Every few decades,” she states off-hand, leaning over an open tome and flipping through its pages. I'm about to sigh in relief, because that is plenty of time to resolve the emotional mess I've gotten myself into, I'm fairly certain. The problem comes when she adds, “Or every few years.” That's significantly shorter and highly variable. I don't have time to state that aloud, as she stops and scrolls over the page she's selected. That's when she says, “Six months is the shortest turnaround we've seen, I believe. She prefers to keep it unpredictable.” I consider it a good thing she's rather absorbed in that book right now, as I need a second to massage my temples at this newest complication. Six months? I could already be missing a third of my possible time to figure out this whole love thing? What am I even going to do about this nonsensical timer? Figure it out later, evidently, because my master turns back to me with another request, “I need you to take your vaginal walls and give them teeth.”

By this point, I can't actually bring myself to continue the questioning any further. It feels like anything else I ask will only somehow complicate the situation even worse. Instead I do my best to focus on the work Patchouli has for me. The number of things she can conjure for me to do that will add some useful portion of a spell for later is staggering – it's also draining. Both in the short term, constantly burning up magic, and in the long term, probably taking away at least half of what I absorbed yesterday. I want nothing more than to sleep by the time she finally lets me go, drifting back to my room well before she's done experimenting with everything I gave her. The only problem left is that I've spent the entire day engaged in magic, and really, really don't feel like doing any more to call up a distraction, especially if I might later learn there's more of this ahead. No, tonight's going to be one of those nights where all I have to keep me company through the long hours of black are my own thoughts. Thoughts on how disposable a servant I am. Thoughts on what I can do about the axe Remilia might drop at any time, and whether asking her about it will make it drop sooner or later. So many thoughts on this situation, and all doing so little to make this void pass quicker... 
I don't know when I laid down, not having bothered to check the clock or even disrobe last night; I do know that it feels like much longer than eight hours before I finally have more than my own thoughts to keep me company. The silence, filled only by my own heavy musings, is eventually pierced as my eyes pop open. The why of it is made immediately apparent as someone does a poor job hushing their voice, giving me the tail end of something. “-aren't they evil? What if she eats us?”

Another voice, technically lowered as well, answers this most pertinent of questions with, “No, that was Remilia. She isn't gonna eat us for waking her.”

A third pipes up, “But, she helped Remilia! I heard! So she might!” The other two get credit for trying, but that squeak is hardly being kept down at all. It's a wonder it wasn't her that woke me.

Slowly and carefully, I shove myself up a little, so that my eyes can scan where the noise is coming from. I find a group of five fairies huddled with arms on shoulders in the corner of my room, having just barely turned on the magical lighting. They don't seem to be very good at keeping themselves from being eaten, as they don't notice this, caught up in their back and forth as they are. I slump back down. Listening to fairies have an inane conversation for a minute might be calming – or at least distracting – so I stay silent to pay attention.

The fourth voice I hear, seeming to be the only one that actually understands whispering, sternly counters the squeaky pessimism with, “She's the only one that can help -us-. We gotta wake her up to ask.”

Number five seems to disagree, with a hissed response of, “I still say we should just ask Patchouli. She knows magic too.”

Three takes issue with this as well, squealing, “She helps Remilia too! I heard she's doing something!” in protest.

The second fairy shoots back an agitated, “Everyone here helps Remilia! You help Remilia!” I have to stifle a laugh at the gasp of shock this gets, like it's a world-shattering revelation.

I can hear the weariness in the fourth fairy's groan, and appreciate the effort it must be taking to keep hushed, imagining her teeth grinding as she says, “Girls. Seriously. I told you, she's nice. She helped me the other day.” I do recall helping two fairies as many days ago with a Meiling problem. Is that what this is all about?

“You also said she took forever to,” the first one retorts, not sounding convinced that I'm not evil. Which isn't unreasonable, but I did mean to get around to that sooner. “I'm pretty sure she liked watching it.” Now that's just patently untrue. I didn't enjoy seeing the gate guard being so half-hearted at all.

Three, having recovered swiftly from having her mind blown, joins in on vilifying me, with a victorious little squeak of, “Oh, yeah? If she's so nice, why haven't you woken her up yet!” I have to imagine a smug crossing of the arms, since I'm presently staring at my ceiling.

In a tone that implies this is the third time she's had to say this, number four reminds number three, “I tried to. You dragged me into the corner with everyone so we could talk about this again.” I thought it was a tad strange they were having this little strategy meeting in my room, as opposed to, well, literally anywhere else.

Five eventually speaks up once more, putting all the finality she can into a whisper of, “And it isn't getting us anywhere. Again. So someone go wake her up and ask her, or I'm going to Patchouli.”

At this point, the day's start has perked me up enough after the dreary session of sleep I had that I feel like cutting in, especially if that might actually end the show. My finger flicks, suddenly bathing the room in light, and I sit up to butt in, “Wake me up to ask me what?” The surprising thing isn't the collection of shrieks that answer this, or the fact that the huddle is now pressed much deeper into the corner – it's that one of them doesn't jump out of her skin and scream her head off. That happens to be the one I recognize, now that I'm able to get a proper look.

The leader, or so she's been nominated as the only person not presently cowering, is one of the fairies that Meiling was with when she revealed my problem. Her short hair is the green of a flower's stem, and the wings on her back look like the petals of a rose, sized up to scale. She's tall, by a fairy's measure, which isn't tall at all, more like a child that's just begun an early growth spurt. The trend holds on her torso, the bumps there just large enough to be visible on the red maid uniform she's wearing. She turns to the group behind her, giving them what I can only assume is a scornful glare, before actually looking me in the eyes, hers watery-blue with little black specks inside. “I'm sorry, Miss Koakuma,” she apologizes quite politely. There's just one problem with it.

“Just call me Koa, like Meiling does,” I request of her, keeping away the demanding tone that means to creep into my voice. It's not her fault I share my name with an unknown number of other succubi. Or that it's barely a name. At least a nickname is something, even if I'm still not likely the first to receive it. I force these thoughts back to yesterday – sleep proper really is better sometimes, I understand it makes it easier to naturally segregate days – and much more sincerely ask, “Now, what did you need help with?” Not that I haven't put two and two together, but it's important to go slow with fairies. Even the ones that look like they have their wits about them.

This one does sincerely seem to have herself in order, though. It only takes her one exhalation and a little cough to explain, very clearly, “Well, Miss Koa, we all like Miss Meiling a lot, but she's just too big for any of us. We keep trying and trying, but... we can't really help her. But we all wanna! Really bad! Even though we're no good with our hands or... or... anything, really. The other day, though, she had so much fun, when she didn't have to hold back! So, I got all the fairies that want to help her that can do magic-magic, so you can teach us that trick! Please?” Her plea is heartfelt and, luckily for her, being delivered to me. I've always found orgasm denial just one bridge too far. I guess the other succubi that were summoned didn't share this opinion, or the problem wouldn't still exist. She, at least, appears collected enough she'd have kept the lesson with her, able to disseminate it no matter how scrambled the others' brains got.

Despite two other fey having recovered from the shock of my waking, they're nonetheless still deferring to this girl, a step behind her rather than at her side. Probably because their uniforms are blue. I think I was told it's the ones with the red uniforms that're in charge, insofar as any fairy is in charge of anything around here. To her left, the embodiment of plain. She's topped by matted brown locks, neither effeminately long nor boyishly short. Eyes of nearly exactly the same color glance at me from behind thick-rimmed glasses. She'd be indistinguishable from a normal human child if it weren't for the fact that she has leafless branches in the air behind her. On the right, autumn's herald. Maybe the standard bearer for autumn's herald; I hear they have actual gods for that here. She runs through its most prominent colors, with bright red strands capping her head, overlong bangs halfway obscuring orange orbs. Wilting yellow leaves mark her back, ready at any moment to fall off if so much as fluttered, should their looks be anything to go by.

Since neither of them speaks up, I keep my gaze on the definitive girl in charge. Little convinced I'll get a productive answer, I nonetheless ask her a blunt, “Do any of you actually have names?” It's rare that they do. But given my own circumstances, I can't just call them nothing, especially if I'm going to be teaching them for a while.

That question is one she fails to expect, since it doesn't entirely follow from her request. Nearly too hasty, I'm about to start doling them out before she catches up. “Rosie!” she says, hands thumping against her own stomach. “My name's Rosie. I'm, uh, the only one of us with a name.” Still a better percentage than I expected.

“Alright, Rosie,” I nod, looking to the other two. “Your friends here are now Jane-” That would be the plainest girl in existence, staring down a pointing finger. “-and Mabel.” She doesn't stare the finger down, instead leaning a little closer like she's considering suckling on it. She has other things to suck on, though, and they'll be much more filling than a finger. That leaves the other two sitting in the corner, who I inspect more thoroughly.

While I do, Rosie looks a little worried. She looks between the four of them, and admits, “Er, I'm not entirely sure they'll remember those, Miss Koa. Even the spells might be kind of hard for them...” She's still a fairy, at the end of the day, fingers twiddling amidst one another with the nervous admission.

“I have to call you something,” I inform her, and she doesn't have anything else to throw my way in refutation as I do the work of settling on some quick and dirty names for the other two. A third has recovered by this point, having not yet been eaten in any abominable capacity. She's grey from head to toe, flowing hair near to the floor and shifting like mist. In fact, the case is the same for the color in her eyes and even the ethereal, avian shape vaguely hovering near her back. That inspires the quick moniker of, “Misty,” which she receives with the informal dubbing of a finger. That leaves the last, who seems to think I'm being very quiet and mild-mannered about eating all her friends while saving her for last. Though, it's easy to see why she'd be so skittish. Where their leader is near as tall as a fairy gets, this one's about as short as the mansion accepts. She'd make the young mistress look tall by comparison, and I have the most severe doubts that Meiling has even let her try taking a ride. I dub her, “Bow,” as her hair and eyes are scintillating rainbows; drooping off of her are two dewy droplets, wings that would break light apart when struck just right.

Satisfied that I am better at naming people than my master, as even these low effort titles are better than having four girls named Yosei running around, I go over to the chest at the foot of my bed, glad that I brought its contents along. Rosie speaks up again as I do. “The, the names do mean that you'll help us, right?” She doesn't sound wholly sure that's a fact. I thought it was heavily enough implied, but I suppose I didn't quite make it official.

“Yes,” I state, crystal clear as I start rummaging through. “I'm going to help all of you. So wait right there while I get some things out.” The problem with spatially distorted storage is it's always a hassle to get what you want from it. The first coal colored, bulbous dildo I pry free is adequately sized for testing them, but has the slight issue of glowing, as its artificial balls are heavy with actual magma. Melting holes in them, and the floor, is not going to be productive, so I stuff that back in. Another dive leaves me with a glistening metallic spike, its end drizzling a thin stream of dark green all the way to its thick base. A very fun toy, but I I'm only looking to drill them metaphorically, and I think the poison acts slightly too quickly for the average fairy's constitution. Back in it goes, the next withdrawn a writhing void of tentacles, laden with eyes. They open wide upon seeing the five girls behind me, tendrils extending sharply, right before it thuds against the chest's lid and falls back into the unsorted pile. “Not now!” I call to it as it vanishes. I'm only trying to teach them one basic spell, not learn if I can char a fairy's soul until not even nature can save it.
Rosie – to say nothing of her compatriots – looks a little concerned, by the time my search is through and the fey are in a row. I have acquired each of them something to play with, most of which aren't regarded as toys anywhere I visit, except by the adventurous. If they want to prove they're doing it right, though, they're going to have to accept some danger. On the ground in front of her is a tongue that would look at home on a creature a story or two tall, covered in warts and other ribbing protrusions. It's flopping around like a fish out of water, and needs a good kick from her every few seconds to reverse its progress towards diving inside of her. “Miss Koa?” Her waning resolve shows in her voice, as she tries to wipe the slime of her latest kick off on the ground before needing to do so again. “Do we actually need all of these?”

“Of course you do,” I answer plainly, eyeing the rest of my choices. Bow is presently recoiling from a pile of amorphous meat on the ground. Every second or so, it surges upwards in the shape of an impressive humanoid cock, quickly enough it could run the gauntlet from her ass to her mouth in a blink, as swiftly returning to being formless. Mabel refuses to let her eyes leave the glinting green snake that's large enough to swallow her whole, and I can't understand why. I have that toy very well configured, and the only part of it she's going to have to deal with are the ridged endowments sprouting from its cloaca, a pair of purplish-red things that, admittedly, do not taper nicely to a point, constantly yet erratically thick. Misty is sitting in front of a one-off tentacle affixed to the ground; sure, the fluid it leaks might sizzle on meeting the floor, but that's just how you know it's a good aphrodisiac. It's not even dripping that much, since it's perfectly possible to make out how the lime green surface routinely pulsates outwards while wriggling – she'd probably still be conscious after. That leaves Jane, who's been gifted with a personal favorite, being one I made myself quite a long time ago when I was a child. The vibrantly red surface glistens with endlessly oozing precum and sweat, and while she may not be the longest in this lineup, she's still as big around at her widest as Jane'd be if she curled up into a ball trying to avoid her. I even flattened the spines on her so that she isn't sharp right now; it's a little miffing that Jane's's looking at her like it'd be lethal to try and use her. It would, ordinarily, even when blunted, but that's what I'm here to fix.

“First of all,” I start off indignantly, rounding my words on Jane specifically, “you're being extremely rude to Carcie, and I'd appreciate it if you'd stop treating her like an enemy when she's here to help you.” I can't pin down which part of that statement earns me the incredulity in her look. Rather, while I am aware that it's every part, I'm torn between whether it's the name or the fact that the obscene dildo is a girl which baffles her more. Just because I come from nightmarish lower planes doesn't mean I can't have a favorite childhood toy. “Second of all,” I continue, over the wet impact of foot beating away tongue, “if you're going to be with Meiling, then you're going to want to make sure you have this right, which means no holding back on what you use to test it.” No one fights me on the matter, which is only partially because each of them is still dubious of the toy in front of them. It's a wonder these girls can willingly clamber onto those Chinese cocks, honestly. Nothing here is really any scarier than them to an excessive degree.

“Okay. But, er, uh...” Rosie has to pause that thought as the tongue continues to gain. “I don't think I can learn a spell while keeping this thing back?” she half states, half asks with more panic than I'd say she needs to put in her voice. But she does have a point.

“Let me show you its weakness, then.” Calmly, I take a few steps closer to her, instead of standing back where I can address the collective. When it rears back to make another attempt at a strike, I bring my foot down in a stomp, rather than a kick. It quivers beneath me, but accepts its place under my heel. “See? Easy. Go ahead and try.” As calmly as before, I lift my foot back up.

It remains dazed and subservient for several seconds, before recalling what it meant to do. That's just long enough for Rosie to process the idea, mimicking my stomp with fervor aplenty. The tamed tongue drools on the floor, and the fairy's face eases up considerably. “Okay, maybe it's not that bad,” she admits, looking at how she has it groveling, as much as a tongue can. I'd expect the whiffs I get from a fairy in the Sakuya fan club, not the Meiling camp.

Rather than dwell on the idea that fairies could possibly display even the remotest sexual complexity, I look at all the other girls who've come to learn magic. To their credit, they don't shrink back despite the intensity of my gaze, but that might be their presently distracting practice partners. “Does anyone else have a problem with their toy, before we start?” I demand of them, so we can get this show on the road. The remaining fairies all turn to me, except Mabel, who raises her hand. On a very educated guess, before anyone can voice their issues, I append, “Are these problems that aren't just, 'How is this a toy?'” No one is looking at me after that, but Mabel's hand hasn't lowered, so I incline my head in assent of her speaking.

“This is, uh... It's... Kinda... Y'know...” She gestures wildly with both hands at its dripping, open maw, which has yet to snap forward and snap her up, stammering through the start of protests. She eventually settles on a frank, “I think it's going to eat me? It looks a lot like it wants to eat me.”

“It hasn't eaten you yet,” I inform her, to little change in demeanor. Sighing, I clarify, “And it's not going to unless you ask it to. It only does anything when commanded to.” I'm pretty sure she's the one that didn't believe I was going to eat them earlier, too, so this behavior out of her is just plain silly. “Look at me,” I order, flatly, putting vestiges of magic behind the statement. I now have five fairies looking at me, but the collateral doesn't hurt. Several seconds later, they all snap out of it, and Mabel is staring at the snake that didn't eat her when she glanced away. “Happy now?” The question should require less thinking than it gets, but she nods. Satisfied everyone is satisfied, I can now get down to business. I start off with the most pressing of inquiries, “How much do the five of you actually know about magic?” One part of me thinks this would win me major brownie points with Patchouli; every other part of me knows one of these fairies would accidentally fly into her crystal matrix and ruin her project, deciding to keep the lesson here in my room.

It would likely be Bow, who is all too happy to bounce up and down, bursting at the seams to answer this question with an enthused, “Magic is like, 'Wham! Bam! Boom!' and then lots of pretty colors and explosions happen!” I look at Rosie, who gathered this lot, silently asking if she's entirely sure this one understands spellcraft. I like the certainty of her affirming gesture less than I'd like.

Further questioning is put off by Jane, who adjusts her glasses and adopts the most scholarly tone she can to assert, “Magic is putting pieces together inside yourself to create an effect in reality.” That is actually a very succinct way of describing the process and why is she here trying to get my help with fucking Meiling when she sounds like she wants to slobber all over Patchouli's cock instead? Does her fan club just take all comers?

A question for later. Instead, before another of them can seize the initiative, I change the question of the moment to, “Who doesn't at least think that what Jane just said makes sense, even if you're not sure why it does?” To my overwhelmingly immense surprise, no one actually pipes up, not even Bow, who I am staring directly at as though doing so will help crack some facade she is managing to put up that can fool me. She does look uncomfortable after a few moments, but I think that's because I'm singling her out, leaving her assuming that means I'll consume her as a sacrifice for the forthcoming lesson. Under the sound logic that the worst that'll happen if she really can't manage it is she'll die for a few hours, I give the attempt up to address everyone again. “What I'm going to teach you should be very simple. All the spell really does is make your body rubbery. Like this.” Snapping my fingers, a burst of flame runs up my body, and then I pinch my right hand's index finger. They look shocked by the first few inches I stretch it. They're awed by the time it's a foot long. I'm really pushing the limits of what the spell can manage by the time I get a single digit to two feet, so I let it go and it flies back into place.

It's really not as impressive as their noises of amazement or their clapping would lead someone to believe. It's the sort of thing I'd have learned in kindergarten, if school was much of a thing back home. Bow looks particularly pleased, interjecting before I can start explaining the very simple idea behind it with an enthusiastic, “Like this? Like this?” She snaps her fingers – which is just my preferred focus for moving the effect from spirit to reality – and then the flames run across her body, which... is... actually a marker of most demonic magic. What. I should not be staring, uncomprehending, at a fairy. I don't have to, when she tries pulling on a finger and finds it accomplishes nothing. She just knows a spell for conjuring temporary flames. She is not actually part demon underneath all the rainbows.

It's with more relief than I'm happy to admit that I stiffen my face to stare at her in disapproval and chide her with, “No. No, not like that at all. The fire doesn't actually do anything. It's just usually a part of my doing magic. The snapping isn't that important, either. It's just a catalyst. You can do almost anything for that part. Clap, shout, swipe your hand; anything that you feel says, 'This spell is ready for use.'” This newfound knowledge clearly requires testing. She closes her palm, fire spreading over her body. She stomps her foot, setting herself alight. Her hand flings upwards, and her hair properly catches this time, her luck running out. The collective barely has time to start panicking and trying to run in circles before I have it extinguished. Fairies. “Right, so!” I loudly start back up, focusing their attention. “It may not be as easy or natural for a fairy, but that's it. The only 'piece' to the spell is making your body able to stretch. Since you want to hit all of you, without worrying about precision, it's even simpler. As long as you can see it in your soul, you can bring it out. There's very few ways to screw this one up.” I don't need Remilia around to know I'm tempting fate by claiming that, but surely fate's busy around here with her casually abusing it, right?

The rubbery sound of straining is the first thing to prove me wrong. That's coming from Mabel, who has figured out how to screw it up by, specifically, causing her stomach to stretch, rather than making it able to. As she tries and fails to shove it back down, I see that Misty is growing towards the ceiling while her body flattens and lengthens, being stretched. She has no idea what to do about this problem, but at least she realizes she has one. Bow is cheerily shouting, “I did it, I did it!” upon seeing each finger of hers grow increasingly long and thin, reaching the one effect I displayed without using the underlying cause. I really would have thought fairies were better at this. They're basically souls crammed into bodies, as opposed to bodies that happen to have souls. This shouldn't be that hard. Even Jane has closed her eyes, seemingly needing to work up the courage to even try, despite being able to explain the principle behind magic earlier.

Rosie has neither mucked everything up nor sat herself upon the precipice psyching up, in contrast. I'd daresay that with how her fingers are pulling out those cheeks, I could probably climb in there without much issue. There's only one way to be sure. She cares about trying to keep her clothes intact much more than I do, seeing as they're real, and begins stripping now that she feels ready. She gets the apron about halfway up, just enough to obscure her vision, before she's bumped by Mabel's continually expanding stomach. Now, it's not a hard knock. But it kind of keeps pressing and shoving while she's trying to figure out what's even going on, having been absorbed in her own attempt. It doesn't take much blundering before she's flat on her ass, meaning her foot's no longer keeping the tongue in check. Eh, I'm sure its saliva won't stain her very fancy, important uniform. “You're doing great, you'll be just fine!” I call to the flailing leader on the ground, while picking up the rotund Mabel and transporting her to the other side of my room. She's just going to have to sit here until the energy she put into this failed venture expires. I really hope she only expended enough for a few minute trial run. My room's large, but she could fill the whole thing with enough time.

As I'm setting her down, I hear something that's not quite a shriek and not quite a moan. That's one part surprise, one part pleasure, and no parts pain. Turning back around to look at how the scene's developed, I'm pleased to see the tongue has buried itself halfway into Rosie. It's flipped the skirt of her uniform up so that's blinding her too, and she's a bit too busy squirming in pleasure to fix that. Irregularly spaced lumps run up her stomach, an easily visible representation of how deep it's made it – well past where her womb would terminate, without any of the agony that should be bringing. They don't hand out those red uniforms for nothing, it seems. Muffled, she keeps trying to scream something, but can't quite get more than a few words in. “It's so- I feel- I love- I'm gon-” It's during that last one, as it gets closer to three quarters of the way and would likely be slobbering all over her heart if she'd screwed up, that she starts twisting and flopping, shoved against the wall by its forceful intrusion. That looks and smells like one successful fairy orgasm from something that should be splitting her apart. Good on her, first try.

I think Misty has stopped stretching out now, which is an excellent sign. Or has she just run out of fairy to stretch? I'll have to solve that quandary in a second, because Bow is looking at Rosie's state as she shoves herself back up and deciding she, too, can be enjoying herself that much. The twisted coils of her fingers prove otherwise. “Bow, no-” is as far as I get before she proudly stands herself over the meat she's been offered to test with. I can hear the crunch as it punches upwards. I believe that was her pelvis; it might have simultaneously been the spine. Red begins leaking from beneath her outfit, discoloring its blue as she doubles over in pain and screams. That means the next 'thrust' catches her square in the gut, smashing her against the ceiling. She limply falls against the meaty puddle when gravity kicks in, interrupting its next motion. Now its autonomy takes over, and it starts flooding in and out of her with varying length and girth. It doesn't take long before all the cracking and squishing vanishes beneath its depths, the only part of her left visible the misshapen fingers she made, being sucked up like spaghetti.

It's about this point that I reconsider my previous thought that Patchouli would have liked to see this teaching exercise. This is actually becoming a farce very quickly. Jane is doing a thorough job of ignoring it all, though, continuing to meditate or hesitate or whatever is going through her head. Right up until she throws her eyes open and forcefully shouts, “Now!” Apparently it was meditation, because she's definitely not hesitating in prying off her clothes, bundling them to toss aside so quickly she knocks her glasses to the floor. She actually has the forethought to move Carcie back a bit, leaning against the wall for support while she lowers onto the old girl. The test isn't when she parts to let the head begin its descent – it's when the magic Carcie's laced with kicks in on doing so, beginning the automatic jackhammering. Common logic dictates it's not safe to abruptly distend so grotesquely, but common logic doesn't account for magic, and despite how quickly the bulge comes and goes, she's suffering no ill effects. I can hear the thunk of every movement as what's inside her meets with the wall before retracting in a spray of fluids. She doesn't quite get as far as Rosie does with the attempt at speaking, but the squealing is a positive sign.

These considerations come alongside the sound of ripping fabric, which I take as a sign that Mabel did not think to limit how much she put into her attempt. Looking back to check on her, I find my face almost pressed into her bloated gut, which is now reaching halfway to the ceiling. Given the way it's clearly trying to continue growing but not quite managing, I think my estimate may have been off. I don't have to worry about her filling the room; she's just going to explode. Ticking off her as a second lost cause, I turn back to Misty, who is definitely coming apart at the seams, limit reached and passed such holes rip at her. Three lost causes. But hey, Meiling only has two dicks anyway. She doesn't need more than this to start. Mabel's viscera is not likely to be a turn-on for her, though, so vacating the room is a prudent good idea.

“Into the chest! Go!” I wave to the snake, which slithers there without protest. I bundle up the tentacle, stuffing it under one arm, and scoop up the mass of meat. It tries to cover my body and fill me, but I hurl it into storage before it can start, carefully setting the tentacle behind it. I have to jam both arms into a flush, rapidly breathing Rosie and really tug to start dislodging the tongue, which has done an excellent job of jumbling itself up inside of her; once I have that started, I can stomp on it and drag my foot so that it'll worm out of its own accord. A solid fling of the leg lets it fall into the confusing mass of objects until it's who knows how deep. That just leaves Carcie, who stops when I pluck Jane up while she's pulling out, magic dying down. I give her tip a salty smooch as Jane basks in the afterglow without a care in the world or, probably, a thought in her head. “We'll have some fun later, okay?” I assure her, as she was far too deep into that chest for my liking. Once everyone's been stowed away, I heave the two remaining fairies over my shoulders, dragging them out and slamming the door shut before the inevitable.

Rosie is the first to get herself in any kind of order, head swaying dazedly from side to side as she leans up. “Did we... did we do it?” she mutters, not wholly there. She's jolted into being much more there when she hears the sudden sloshing and splattering. “What was that?” she asks, before turning and seeing the crimson which is flowing out from under the door's crack.

While she might be able to guess with that, I take it upon myself to inform her, rather frankly, “That was Mabel, who did not pass the lesson. But lucky for you and Jane, you both did!” I clap for them following this cheery congratulation, as the ludicrous mistakes that characterized the last few minutes have proven to me that two out of five is honestly stellar.

And, speaking of Jane, she throws herself upright, eyes twisting in their sockets. She sounds less here than Rosie was as she slurs out, “I think I like Carcie...” Smiling, I go over and pat her head, glad to see she's come around.

Rosie's mental faculties finally return fully, following the numb fuzziness that hits post-bliss, and what I said is now sinking in. “Oh.” That's the only comment she seems to be able to make of that. I didn't even expect that messy of a mistake, so it's natural she didn't. She's a brave trooper, though, and presses on despite the losses. “Thank you for the help, Miss Koa,” she says with a bow. “I'm gonna go show Miss Meiling now!” She helps Jane to her feet, and the two of them float off in a mostly straight line.

“Don't forget to help the rest of them figure it out!” I call over with a wave, watching them go. That was certainly a wild start to the day. I look at the mess that's presently vacating my room, considering that Sakuya will notice and handle that before long. Rather than obsess over it, I should think on what I'll be doing. 
It doesn't actually take that long to decide. Thinking of the maid naturally calls to mind the kitchen, and the kitchen calls to mind snacks. Snacks call to mind every scene I read where the act of creating hand-made chocolate was considered to be such a big deal. I'm hardly a baker, but I'm not unfamiliar with a kitchen's implements. They have a wonderful range of applications, after all. Today, though, they'll be used for their intended purposes. I set off for my destination, with not terribly long to travel before I reach it. It's one of the centralized rooms off the main foyer, after all, with twin flaps that push open and have little windows in place of a door. The windows offer me a little peek inside before I've stepped through.

Like just about everywhere, there's fairies in there, sort of helping to fill the excess of empty space. Unlike just about everywhere, they're not making out, locked in tribadism, or at all goofing off. There's only half a dozen of them, and every single one is wearing red. Shuffling about various pots and pans, they're handling largely menial prep work for whatever the maid's obliged to cook next. Pushing my way in, I'm not even regarded by them. If they didn't all have wings after a fashion and a feeling of nature about them, I'd honestly find it hard to believe they could be the same bumbling creatures I just tried to teach, they're so organized. I would call this room, like the library, as massive as it needs to be: there's enough ovens, utensils, and stations to prepare an entire feast all at once, but it's not a mile long like it's surely possible to manage. A rectangular workspace cuts through the middle, with the occasional break to change sides, leaving two lanes and three counters to work with, all white marble.

Letting the fey do their jobs, I start right by the entrance, rifling through clattering drawers full of silverware and cabinets that couldn't squeak if I tried. It only really takes a glance to figure out what stores what, as whatever I find, I find a lot of it. One drawer holds enough forks for a quarter of the massive main table, which has not seen use for a banquet since my summoning. A cupboard holds nothing in it but plate upon plate upon plate – the small kind one would set a teacup or tiny hand-held snack upon. I keep that one in mind, might be useful when I have a snack to plate. Another cabinet opens to display nothing but saucepans galore, in every imaginable size. Aren't those useful in baking confections? I drag one out and start sizing it up, which is when I get an absolutely wonderful sensation. Without Remilia here to mitigate it, I'm greeted by the full force of the maid's uncaring glare, tangible even without looking at her. But where my master doesn't care because she's disinterested, Sakuya's eyes always say that the only thing keeping her from butchering someone like a pig are the spellcard rules and the fact that she'd have to clean up the mess. It's like a sadistic little slice of home, right here in the mansion.

“Did you want that room fixed?” I'm asked, quickly and coldly. I guess she might have thought I wanted my room like that. It's not exactly bad interior decor. It's only a little pointless to turn around while I answer her, so I do.

“Yes, I would.” I've spun around by the time I finish the response. One's never quite talking 'to' Sakuya Izayoi; if she's even offering the time, it's usually closer to talking 'with' her. What I mean by that is that turning around shows how she instantly shuffles several inches to the left, not quite coming back in the exact spot she was in. It makes looking her in the eyes, frozen blue things that they are, somewhat of a challenge; once a second is the minimum for how often she shifts places. She keeps her silvery grey hair in a number of small braids, none quite thick or long enough to act as good handlebars. Not that I can imagine her on the receptive side without a million contrivances and Remilia's orders. She is well tall enough to be looking down at me, and not quite short enough she'd be looking up at Meiling. It leaves me just above eye level with her bust, and what the lacy blue maid uniform presently hides is modest but shapely. Her frame and figure aren't so thin as to look frail, nor so thick as to begin losing femininity or grace; lithe would be a good word. She has her arms folded against her stomach, and the tiled floor clicks each time she taps against it. I do so love the feelings it stirs.

“Next question: what are you doing in my kitchen, rummaging through my supplies?” Even as perfunctory as she manages to get that, she moves no less than five times in the space of that query. How she keeps track of what syllable she was on, much less where she was going, I'll probably never know. I engage in the small game of trying to predict where she's going to move to, and sometimes I convince myself she deliberately avoids where I look.

As a bit of an explanation, I wave the one pan I've collected. Since that could mean anything from wanting to cook something to needing a bludgeon, I add, “I thought I might try making something for Patchouli.”

I don't hear a scoff, but I feel one, in my gut and in my soul. “Really?” she wonders aloud, not entirely sounding convinced. “Did you mean to say you were going to try to seduce her with some secretion of yours, under the guise of food?”

I can't deny the idea's up there in my brain. But I think I recall something on that in my contract, so it'd likely backfire spectacularly on me. Instead I shake my head and state, “No, actually. I just wanted to make her a snack. Chocolate, or some other sweet.” I do my best to look and sound sincere, which may be at odds with actual sincerity, but there is a kernel of that hiding away.

The idea she finds this laughable still nags at me, but if she's having a laugh at my expense, she's doing it three floors and a few miles away while dusting some unused room. “Is that so? Can you even cook? Baking isn't exactly entry level.” Now I'm not unaware of this fact, but I'm definitely older than her, and am mostly sure that holds true after adding in stopped time as a bonus to her age. It's more than a little snide to imply I'm going in completely blind.

That said, the honest confession is, “I've taken part in plenty of spitroasts and barbecues back home, but I never have made a cake or anything.” I actually get a guess right in the middle of this, finding my eyes drilled by icicles for the all of half a second she holds in place.

“I see.” With that, she's gone for a much more extended period. On a hunch, I check one of the clocks hanging above everything, finding I only slept in until about one in the afternoon, however long that means I slept. She probably isn't dealing with waking up Remilia right now. Supposition proven to be incorrect, it's nonetheless time I can use to start my search again. I throw open a pantry and find it's where the vegetables are kept, glossy peels and skins advertising themselves. I'm not after a full course meal, though, so that's slammed shut. A drawer full of ladles opens... I could do with something to stir, couldn't I? I'm fairly certain that's part of the process, so I pull one out and set it in the pan. At this point, Sakuya returns, diving back into things like she was never even gone. “And so you're intent upon raiding our stores in the hopes you'll make something edible when it's not roast demon flesh.” Hey, now. She hasn't had my cum-battered imp ribs. If I made those, I'm pretty sure I could earn at least another month on whatever timer's ticking above my head okay no let's not dwell on that.

“Your stores are infinite and you could buy every business you purchase from alongside the village they reside in,” I counter her implication over my shoulder, not stopping my search any more than the intrusive thought does. Speaking of ribs, I have to imagine those brushes are for glazing meat with sauce, primarily. Not terribly helpful for this specific cooking project.

“It still sounds like you'd be wasting time and supplies.” Well now that's just outright putting me down. It might not be wrong when all's said and done, but that doesn't make it any less derisive. Not that I'm averse to venom, having a bit of a thing for callousness, but it's a little difficult to separate her caustic coating from any ire I've earned for the cleaning job I foisted onto her.

Rather than let it sit, if that's the cause of her being so direct, I twist my head to make sure she's not vanished again so I can confirm, “You're not mad about the exploded fairy, are you?” I don't have to feel like she's laughing at me this time; she gives a bark right to my face.

“Hardly. A few more hours to the day is nothing. No, this is my segue into recruiting you. Remilia has demanded a full course meal laced with every performance enhancer I can find. Apparently she's giving herself twenty-four hours to flood a sealed room and drown herself in seed.” Huh. Good spin on that idea I gave her. Keeps the spirit of it while making the goal impressive even with some cheating; she might be four feet at most, but getting that high in just a day would be an accomplishment, even with help. To say nothing of if she means to reach the ceiling.

I set what I've gathered thus far on a nearby counter. While it'd be possible to offer an unhelpful retort implying that I have a choice, much like arguing with Remilia, it's a losing battle. Less because she could outwit me and claim victory with repartee alone, and more because if I stall her or waste her time, she'll just drag me off to wherever to get started. So instead I'd like an outright answer to, “And then you'll help me bake Patchouli some snacks?”

If she'd just answer yes, there'd be no issues with what's to come. Of course, if she just answered yes, she might have the hint of an obligation to stick to her word. No, her answer is frank and entirely truthful. “If you save me enough time I don't have to visit Eintei again today. Fifth door on the right aisle.” After that little addition, she's vanished once more, likely handling some other task that requires she let the clocks tick at least a little.

Having been doing my work on the left, I find a gap to cross along to the right, weaving through fairies that dodge me with practiced ease. Seriously, are these really the same as the girls that woke me up? They float around like some kind of actual, professional staff, managing to avoid smacking each other with heavy, water filled pots and somehow having the good sense to not just wildly spin around with deadly sharp knives. It never quite feels real to watch, and I never get the slip ups that I expect. I don't know if they started this competent and that's why they were selected, or if they represent everyone that had the will necessary to withstand the presumably cruel measures Sakuya used to discipline anyone who messed up in her kitchen, forging an actual unit out of fey. But they could also be genetically engineered super fairies Patchouli made, couldn't they? Something to distract her when this place isn't run entirely on sex. Or maybe they're not actually fairies at all, and they're puppets made by the puppeteer I saw once...

I'm honestly leaning super fairy around about the time I push open the kitchen door that Sakuya indicated. She isn't here yet, but that's not a surprise; it's her schedule that's tight, not mine. Now, as I take in the room, it's important to note that everything I've inferred about her was, in fact, inferred, and not simply revealed to me by wandering into this room at a point prior. That said, this room isn't really part of the kitchen. It connects to it, sure. It even holds things in it that would be useful to a kitchen, like those meat hooks hanging off the ceiling. But this is Sakuya's own personal playroom, plain and simple. It's nicely and neatly segregated in how it's arranged, with each of the four walls around me holding different groupings of objects. Directly ahead, she keeps all the sharpest stuff. Butcher's cleavers, paring knives, a small collection of guillotines, with more than enough beside to spill every drop of blood in a body. The guillotines are a little strange, but considering what I've recently gleaned of how this place works, I can see their purpose. On the right wall, she holds all her slightly less sharp toys for when it's fun time. Whips and cats o' nine tails, coiled around hooks and ready to crack. Pears of anguish in dozens of sizes, ready and able to spread any hole well beyond its limits. Enough rope to lash together an entire raft, with spare left to tie people down atop it. That's plenty to suss out the gist, so my gaze turns to the left. Here wardrobes stand open with outfits aplenty. The leather of a dominatrix's suit is available in every reasonable color inside of one. Restrictive gimp suits covered in enough straps and buckles to bind without rope's aid fill another. At least half a dozen are dedicated to fetish outfits of every stripe, though the one that's entirely maid uniforms may just hold her work clothes. Of course, it wouldn't do to not take a look behind me, where I find that, apparently, the cock that my master gave her isn't quite enough. I don't think a single one of those dildos is small enough to be comfortably accommodated by a fairy. A number of them, and plenty of non-phallic objects besides, are connected to pumps, whether to make them squeeze out a liquid or inflate them to be that much larger. Some of them must be from a time before the appendage addition project, as I don't think she needs those double sided ones – unless they're so she can watch two fairies instead. I could see its appeal for her.

For a while, even I have to wonder what it's all for. I mean, I know what it's all for. It's just hard to imagine she has enough free time in the day to make use of it, the way she always carries on; what good's such a well-stocked sex dungeon that you don't use? I might need to ask her that at some point, but when she appears before me while I ponder which toys to inspect more thoroughly, she gets right down to business. Despite still being clothed herself, she offers the prompt order of, “Strip.” Not having great attachment to my clothes, I snap them away. I doubt she was after a show. I'm right, and when I'm naked, her next command is, “Tell me, how am I going to get the most juices out of you?”

My surprise isn't entirely feigned as I gasp, “The sadist is letting me choose how we do this? That sounds wildly out of character.” Conscientious of her to offer me the choice, all things considered, so I'd probably better not push it any more. Though if I did...

“This is a matter of work, not my pleasure. Now, choose quickly or I'll choose for you.” As expected, even that much was luck testing. If I weren't a succubus, being put on the spot like this might be difficult, with so many potential options for how to have fun surrounding me. I am a succubus, though, so my decision is made in a split second. 
I know what the maid has down there. I know of some interesting properties that it has. And I know that they get really good when applied to a bit of oral fun correctly. It makes the decision nearly automatic. I open my mouth wide and, with a little succubus cheating, manage to keep myself actually intelligible as I answer, “What you can do is take my mouth and treat it like you hate it.” Saliva drips from my roof down to my lower jaw as I speak, advertising how slick and easily used it would be.

It all earns a response in kind, that being the disappearance of her uniform instantly. She's not much interested in delivering a show, same as she doesn't care to see one. Her breasts, naturally, don't hang or sag in the slightest, light and firm enough to resist gravity. But that's not the interesting thing that's unveiled now that she's naked. Its tip is slightly sloped, yet aside from its minor angling is flat, without any hint of rounding. Its skin is a glossy hue of red, a step shy of shining under the magical lighting of the room. Shortly into its shaft – comparative to all of it – is a dip into a pronounced curve, before swinging back to later meet with her crotch. While she looks to keep herself perfectly trimmed and hairless everywhere else, that would be a lost cause in regards to what hangs at her base, mottled fur of blacks and browns insulating cum I can hazard already boils. Calling her the smallest of the residents I've met is hardly a slight, as it's the simple truth, and the smallest among them is still quite past what should be found on a human. Not to mention its presently uniform thickness means she's not actually erect, though length isn't quite what that will greatly affect. A splendid canine cock, and the only reason I'm analyzing it by sight, as opposed to by feeling it inside of me, is one final question. “Any further particulars before I begin?”

I look at the blades and I do like them. I glance at the whips and they are fun. I turn to those restrictive suits and think it's been a while. But, those are all her thing. She said this isn't about her pleasure, so it's not going to be. The less I give her, the more I can milk this before milking her. “None of the toys from your sex dungeon, here. And you can't actually start until I say so.” This is not the means by which to ingratiate myself to her, but I know exactly what I'm doing. Everything from the teasing wink to the playful tone is calculated.

I can already see what I'm looking for in a twitching eye that most would miss, it passes so quickly. The natural iciness of her voice does hide any aggravation she might feel at my attempts to hold her back. It's a perfectly level retort of, “Fine, then. But you know I don't have all day, so get started.” Oh, she doesn't have to worry about that or tell me twice. With that agreement struck, I'm standing atop the cool metal of what's almost a trough: rather long, hardly deep, and not extremely wide. That which shall collect everything soon to escape from me.

Keen to get that started, I kneel with mouth still open, ready at any time for an abrupt plunging. I'll initiate no such thing, however. Slithering, the full length of my tongue escapes the confines in which it coiled, beginning the slow process of building arousal. Up the slope of her head it lazily laps, wetting it while nothing yet drips from the slit resting there. Into that slit it delves on occasion, twisting and tasting vestiges of ejaculations prior. The faintest tinge of iron rich blood, an undeniable marker of a sadist's release, followed seconds later by the confounding but alluring magical essence, strong and sweet as a powerful human's soul would be. It jumbles and twists, however, the motes of flavor scrambled by her intertwining with chronology itself. How wonderful it must taste, freshly potent and generously filling, but I don't see this in my future today, with the plan I've set in motion. “Enjoying yourself so far?” I ask in defiance of any need to shape sound by anatomical means. She's finally settled in place, so I can look her in those wonderful winter eyes as I taunt and toy.

“I told you, this isn't about me,” she answers sharply, not looking to care for my tone. It does imply I'm screwing with her, and not in the carnal sense – which I full well am. “As long as this is what gets me fluids, I don't care.” It sounds like she means it, and that's just not right. Sex is a two way street, and she really should be trying to meet me halfway. She will be, the more apparent it becomes this foreplay isn't really working. There's not so much as a pitter, whether from the sweat of exertion or the trickle of arousal.

Which is exactly the point. “It's perfect, trust me,” I lie with glib abandon as these lead-ins fail to earn her a drop. Deeper within that canal up which seed streams I slip, sighing in poorly placating passion. It allows me to taste the irrelevant lubrication which I've begun to draw forth before it escapes, its conventional sweetness offering order in its freshness, hiding the previous chaos greeting my tongue. Leaving a length inside of there, I lean in closer as if to accept her, but do no such thing. It merely lets me more easily wrap what remains around her first few inches, one portion wriggling inside of her while the other gently strokes as fingers would. A technique it's taken me a long while to master, which catches plenty off guard. Not this maid, however. Not visibly.

“Are you entirely sure?” she presses, narrowed eyes scrutinizing my own state. The hints of a scowl begin to twist her lips, as I don't so much as have the faintest beginnings of rose colored cheeks, let alone a telling gush. It's a sorry state of affairs, no doubt, and it pains me to do it, but patience. Patience is what I need, as it's what she's short of. And while she may be trying to hide it outwardly, I can still read her like a book. The pulses of blood that begin to redirect, desiring to engorge her. The tension inherent in breath forced stable. A glaze painted over that otherwise malignant glare that expresses her hatred of every second I waste. “I'm not convinced you're not merely having fun at my expense.” She tries to keep the edge to her voice that bites like a whipping snowstorm, and she does, for now.

I let that sit for a while, pretending I'm thoroughly intent upon my work, to the point it allows no distractions. As far from the truth as could be. The slurping and sucking noises which I'm adding to everything are deliberate and intentional, one amusement as I flare her temper. The motions of my prehensile tongue are practiced and automatic, pulling out to instead trail from end to end with painful slowness, memorizing every location which produces a twitch of her length that cannot be fought down. I've plenty enough to randomly wrap around her, gradually assuring it's all experienced a tongue's tug, affording it an extra layer of sheen, these the only fluids I offer. My voice perfectly matches the condescension of my question when I feel the pause has stretched long enough, a self-important, “Which of us is the succubus here, exactly?” Even more damning, I ask this without changing how I tenderly appreciate her, revealing every moment of waiting to be unnecessary.

She does not sputter and she does not spit, as much as I'm entirely certain this brazen disregard for her schedule is infuriating. My efforts are beginning to bear more visible fruit, a sphere expanding near to her base. The slow start of that knot. “You're entirely sure that you can't speed up this process?” she demands, hostility suffusing each syllable. I catch it. The faintest motion, impatience's littlest victory demanding she thrust. The purpose of it all draws closer, arms raising in trembling agitation, indicating what sits on her mind. She continues to tolerate me for now, as I continue to tolerate myself. I hear each breath to pass her lips, losing their level nature as fury and arousal creep and color them.

“This is the most effective way to get you what you want, I promise.” It's not false, but I make sure it sounds that way. Then, I deliver some much needed focus to the thickest part of her, very slowly growing more so. Attempts to constrict it amid all else fail, its rigidity more than the thin muscle can manage to shrink back down. The shudder the failed attempt gets is plain. It's such a simple sign of dominance, nearly invisible, but it eggs her libido on. My waiting mouth leans closer still, lips near kissing her, parted just enough for her shaft without accounting for what's building near to its end. The air which greets the maid, kept barely away from my eager hole, is only warm – it does not burn as it should with lusts inflamed.

Sakuya is still rather capable of holding herself in check, even with all the signs she gives off. Fingers which clench grip only palms, showing off what they wish to do without taking that extra step. What must be a truly roaring inferno in her chest hardly shows in its rise and fall, though the facade cracks piece by piece. She is the first to begin turning red, arousal discoloring her cheeks as anger floods a vein. “I can't help? In any way, shape, or form? Nothing I can do? At all?” The stilted speech shows the effort it's requiring by this point to hold herself to any standard of decorum. I watch each word carefully form, spying flutters and squints fighting over her eyes, desire locked in battle with rage and concentration.

“You don't need to do anything at all.” With this assurance, I wrap as much as I can, spiraling along her shaft. “It's incredibly important that you do nothing, even,” I add, while slathering the first half of her prick in half-hearted love. “Just keep waiting. There's going to be so much when I'm done.” Oh, there will be, I can feel it in the building juts of her hips. “I am an expert. A professional. I'm more of an expert in sex than you are in being a maid.” That one might not actually be true, but the important thing is how smug it sounds while I continue to give her nothing but foreplay. “I would appreciate it if you'd let me concentrate. I'm doing very delicate work, you know.” By this point, I am actively cutting her off from offering any response, the fact that I'm not shutting up to let her have a word in edgewise looking like it might well crack a tooth. “Just because your mistress is an honorary succubus in my books, you think you know the best way to get me wet? Awful presumptuous of-” Bingo.

One moment, I'm being as annoying as it is physically possible to be. That same exact moment, I can feel my tongue being crushed between her growing knot and my teeth. Her hands have snapped and gripped my hair by its ends, tugging so hard it feels like they'll rip out by the roots. My face shakes and rattles from the impact, the only reason my nose isn't flattened against her the fact that I haven't opened wide enough for her to get all the way in. My jaw hurts from the instant impact, and my ears ring from the shrill scream of, “I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR YOUR GAMES!” The composure she prides herself on is entirely absent from this, with nothing but pent up need and furious contempt to be found in her voice.

It really is impossible to get someone to properly, angrily ream your face if you don't work at it. But my work pays off now as she takes the reins and whips them in a frenzy. I can feel my brain rattling from how much she puts behind every buck and every yank, with no compromise to be found on speed. Everything is a blur as time's manipulation slings me back to be slammed into place once more. I don't even have time to get my tongue out of the way, leaving it continually compressed and throbbing in pain. Calling it amazing would be an understatement.

“YOU'RE STRINGING ME ALONG JUST TO PISS ME OFF!” she continues to rant, positively irate at this fact. “YOU AREN'T TRYING TO HELP ME OUT AT ALL, ARE YOU?!” That, however, is false. Blinded by how she focuses her everything on trying to break every single one of my teeth, she is not looking at how the situation has changed. My nipples gush with something white that isn't milk, an excellent means of driving sperm into overdrive, filling testicles far faster than they can be emptied. Nether lips tremble with unabashed desire to be speared the way my mouth is, a waterfall of inky black escaping them, capable of sustaining an erection long past the point of shooting blood. The abuse quickens my pulse finally, the sweat beginning to run down my body a deep red, able to instill such a heat pleasure becomes the only thing on the mind. She's getting exactly what I promised. And we're both getting some fun.

She might not be registering it as fun, but those throbs tell me all I need to know about how her body appreciates the lack of restraint. The only reason I've my teeth left in my mouth is the fact that she's still human, whatever other terms might apply, and she doesn't have the raw might necessary to simply smash them out of her way. Fuck is she trying, though. The liquids gathering beneath me let me slide along the metal, halting friction so that I'm knocked back, giving her that much more room to pull me in again. Try as I might to help with something more than the tightening of a plenty thin throat, she's just moving me too fast, my particular brand of sexual cheating bested by a rhythm so fast it nearly blends to one note.

“I'LL JUST DO IT MYSELF, AND MAKE YOU REGRET IT LATER!” Oh, I don't regret anything. The sting of my ears at her unleashed temper is wondrous. The fact that I can hardly manage a breath even through my nose is just what I was after. And now my nose is twisting from side to side, the lump impeding my progress and hers continuing to build. Much as I enjoy having my tongue crushed – and I do, each new spike of pain is beautiful – I do have something I need to do, rather than just letting her continue to play mad dentist. Spit is already being flung out my mouth in plentiful amounts, matting the fur of her balls that I've yet to meet; all the more escapes with every movement as I start forcing my jaw open wider, the better to accommodate her, splattering her legs in a torrent that really should stop the demented cry of, “I HAVE THINGS TO DO THAT DON'T INCLUDE PLAYING ALONG WITH YOUR BULLSHIT!”

She claims that, but she's playing along very nicely; I couldn't call this more successful. I'd much prefer if I could actually get my mouth open before she could fit in another hundred pistons and pulls, but I'm not the one who's made time my bitch comparable to the way this dog dick is making me one. It's a good thing I don't keep a sharper smile, otherwise I don't think she'd hold up while I have to more than dislocate my jaw to let her in, engaging in the very unprofessional addition of teeth to what is technically a blowjob, in some fashion. Even if I've very little input on its progression or when she'll hit climax.

A fact which she lords over me, mania still present in every word. “AND AFTER ALL THAT TALK, YOU CAN'T EVEN DO THIS RIGHT! YOU AREN'T SUPPOSED TO USE YOUR TEETH! WHAT KIND OF SUCCUBUS ARE YOU?!” The kind that just needs to angle up a little more, finish getting the mandible to one-hundred-eighty degrees, and can then slide over and around the enormous sphere which has been causing issues. She does not anticipate the slap of my face meeting with her stomach, stunning her for just long enough for me to clamp my mouth back down some, inasmuch as I can. That locks me in position, so that when she's done stumbling from her own blow, the dull backside of my teeth are what she meets with. Much less jarring than the ends, and also leaving her with very little room to maneuver.

An impediment that won't be stopping her. Now that I've gotten where I want to be, I'm being ping-ponged back and forth along what little there is behind the effectively tied knot. It's engorged to being nearly head sized, and doesn't really have to choose between puffing out my cheeks to absurdity or making it look like my neck's in danger of exploding, as strained as it becomes. It also thoroughly destroys any chance I can continue to breathe, windpipe easily sealed shut by the girth presently crushing it. I'm not as bothered by this as I could be. There's just one important thing I need to see before I'll be happy to let her suffocate me as much as she'd like.

The slap of flesh upon flesh is constant and echoing, the dozen sounds unable to even begin dying before a dozen more seek to replace them. It's joined by the meaty thud of her balls, though it's difficult to say whether they're swinging into my chin or if it's being dragged into them. These things are barely audible over how she carries on, “AND NOW YOU WON'T EVEN MOVE! HOW DENSE ARE YOU?! YOU ABSOLUTE AND UTTER-” It's then her tirade is interrupted, and while the shouts don't really die down, they do lose their rage, becoming instead the unfettered bliss of an orgasm. The last growths she can experience complete, and at her apex, pleasure overwhelms her. Its passage obfuscated in large part by that growth, the first wave of spunk splashes inside the stomach it's being delivered straight to without any more effective warning. What follows isn't so much a series of shots as it is an endless deluge of roiling jizz with nowhere to go but inside of me.

It's rather natural this entire process sets off a chain reaction on my end. Held to the maid's nethers as though trying hard enough will let her crush my head, no shortage of stimuli seize control of my body. I can't announce my pleasure, what with the fact that my lungs have been blockaded, but that's not worth shedding a tear over. My tail curls and straightens, unsure what to do with itself in the middle of all this. I bang against the sides of the trough in my throes, adding a metallic clang that's drowned out by Sakuya's voice. And, without reserve, my cunt spews enough of that black liquid to keep Remilia going for weeks, well beyond what she needs for her plans. That just leaves the rub that I'm presently preoccupied while running out of air.

I can feel my gut growing heavier under all being released into it, which is coming alongside the black spots swimming in what remains of my vision. The pounding in my head is only partially because of the nails trying to dig into it, the rest accounted for by the dwindling amounts of oxygen beginning to reach my brain. It's a problem that compounds itself. My orgasm prevents me from stopping the asphyxiation I'm undergoing; the prolonged period it lasts brings about new and exciting effects; the effects further extend it, putting off when I could solve this problem. Well, 'problem.' It's hard to call even a burning in the lungs as they scream for air an issue when it leaves my whole body quivering, stomach rounding all the while. Nor, when it spreads and agony is found in equal measure to my pleasure, can I drum up terribly much concern. By the time these sensations are fading, it's got nothing to do with anything easing up; my body's just getting too worn out to accomplish anything. The dying embers of satisfaction and suffering herald my own death.

Probably sounds like a more pressing matter than it actually is. Well, okay, it's not ideal, admittedly; I don't quite feel confident in puppeting it so I can appreciate the steady bloating I'm definitely undergoing right now. Making an actual corpse move isn't entirely in my wheelhouse, and I'd like to not starve to death. But yesterday, Patchouli was right to not be terribly concerned over the thought of me dying. Like a fairy, I'm a soul crammed into a body; they might even have periods of just sitting here like this after they die, too. Not entirely sure, given there isn't always a lot going on up there. The only problem I'd have with dying is how much damage my body suffers, and there's not really much immediate trauma from suffocation. Fixing it up and getting it in working order is a nuisance, perhaps an unwelcome one, but it's not likely to mean I shrivel up and am kicked back home because I can't make it to my next feeding day.

This is basically like a second bout of sleep. Only I have a much more agreeable cause for it, and the inclination to speculate as I wait until it feels about right to jump back into my body. It can actually make for a pretty fun game, calculating the distension I'll be returning to. My throat was pretty solidly clogged, so I don't have to worry about it bubbling back up the front. My ass... I was a bit too busy to close that up, so it might be leaking from that end as quickly as the bowels allow. My official cause of death – ticked down as 'orgasm related control difficulties' – does muddy the waters, since that could cut either way. Instinct tells me it was probably tightening, though, so I start doing some guesstimations.

Five minutes or so of mentally dubbing the sound of a thick, heavy liquid crashing into itself later, I've got a good image of how I look like a greedy, fat little pig. By ten I have it in my head, so to speak, that I'm probably at the point where I'd be asked when the child is due, and maybe a little further along besides; I've spent a good portion of that time trying to mimic what Sakuya sounded like when she finally went over the edge, finally satisfied with the noises of hers I've added here in the lonely dark. I reckon it at about twenty minutes when I can see myself actually straining to be contained by the metal I perished inside of, flesh losing the battle of which will be forced to give way – I nonetheless add in the creaks and groans of thin plates of iron under stress, as a bit of a morale booster. The thirty minute mark, if my internal clock is functioning – not perfectly tuned, that thing, so I'm probably off – is when I imagine that I've run out of room in front of me to grow out, instead expanding over the lip of the container, the flab of seed hanging towards the ground with appropriately dramatic sloshing. Something about my calculations strikes me as wrong when I'm convinced that by this point I have to have somehow spilled over until I reach the ground, but it's only minute forty-five... I'm also running out of relevant sound effects to add, especially since by this point I'm fairly sure that Sakuya's unloading directly into more of her load. After a long while, I've edited the trough out of the equation just to give myself a different theoretical view, and have concluded that I have achieved such rotund proportions that a pregnancy of this magnitude would involve the birth of at least two dozen children at its conclusion. Speaking of conclusions.

I have to imagine that Sakuya is either done or finishing up, but since I can't be sure, I give it just another minute, tacking on an extra child to my mental simulation. Then I dive back into myself. As I give what was a corpse life and healing, I am greeted by the familiar and magmatic searing of oxygen's absence. That's just going to kill me again in a second if I don't do something. Since I can't feel an entire head stretching my throat, but can feel myself vomiting up semen in quantities sufficient to start a dynasty, I repeat the handy trick of shrinking flat to absorb all the cum inside of and on top of me. The gulp of air that lets me have brings immediate and soothing relief, staving off any ideas of seizing up in ecstasy once more. I'm still far from functional, though, eyes not even opening. It's a good minute before I have the strength to get an arm up and try to pull myself seated, finding the world spins as I do. It's the sort of delirium that should always follow a good carnal bout. I'm alone as I try to focus fuzzy vision, or so I think; I don't feel an overwhelming desire to murder me, which is a pretty good indication Sakuya isn't here, or at least isn't mad. I pry myself out of the muck of sexual fluids and seed I was collapsed in, standing only to tumble over and onto the ground. Okay. Still reeling slightly from that whole dying thing. I at least shove myself face up, and in doing so, find I'm looking up at a maid – one only mildly cross, which is very good by her standards.

“Can you hear me yet?” she asks flatly, having returned to her usual habit of hopping around in clear and surely extended bouts of stopped time. I open my mouth to speak, find nothing comes out, and nod instead. The mouth opening was enough for her. “I gave some of that mixture to one of the fairies while you were out. I had to tie her down after. I don't believe I'll be needing to visit Eintei; return to the kitchen when you're ready.” The thumbs up I try and give her is so slow she's long gone before the thumb's extended, to say nothing of raising the arm. Good time, that. Just gotta fight back every throb and get to the kitchen again. Shouldn't be more than a few minutes. Dying ain't so bad.

Eventually, my body starts responding well enough I can properly stand up, as opposed to collapsing upon doing so. There's something exceedingly important to check when this time comes. Leaning over the trough, I look at the layer of seed atop everything else inside it – an obscene amount, by the measure of almost all ejaculations, but hardly a fraction of the mess I should have made if I was constantly leaking. Guess I didn't actually mess up those estimations. Who needs to be alive to know just how filled they're getting? With that settled, I head back to the kitchen, not bothering to clothe myself again – though I do bother to suck up the various aphrodisiacs that clung to me while I was out, letting them swirl into a waiting muff. My existence distracts fairies enough already without a single touch driving them berserk.

That said, the kitchen staff remains unaffected. Definitely some kind of super fairy. I refuse to believe there is any natural fey which is capable of not even turning to glance at me when I'm walking around in the buff. It violates every experience I've had with them. Evidently, Sakuya didn't test my fluids on the kitchen staff – there's still six of them going about their busywork. The nearest middle counter has been filled with a wide assortment of ingredients and utensils, my arrival summoning the maid in front of them. There isn't even an impatient tap of the foot meeting my ears. Only the quick query of, “You wanted to make chocolate, yes?”

Well, I was settling on chocolate because it's what was emphasized. Honestly, I don't know enough to offer a better alternative. I've never really paid attention to what my master snacks on. I could ask Sakuya while I have a fair amount of her attention, but... Well, I'd be lying if I said I'm not concerned about how long I have here. Asking Remilia to her face about it would have volatile possibilities, the way her whims work. Her maid, however, has no such reason to mess with me, while being so entwined she's likely aware of any plans in the works. Maybe I'll learn I'm worrying over nothing. Gotta think positive. Also gotta answer, “Yeah, chocolate. I guess nothing too fancy, since I'm not exactly an expert.”

“We'll keep it as basic as it gets, then. Plain milk chocolate.” Several different items disappear after this has been confirmed, leaving much more room free to work. Not that it quite matters, since we have more than enough spare counters. I have to admit I don't entirely know what everything I'm looking at is, but that's what the maid's here to explain. Helpfully, as I reach the counter, quite a bit of what there is to work with ends up off to the side, focusing my attention. What's in front of me is a tall pot, my guess as to what to use evidently wrong. There's a bowl sitting next to it, that itself has metal strips jutting outwards, bending to clamp onto, presumably, the pot. “Fill this with some water, for starters. Just enough to boil. If you attach the bowl and it's at all submerged, you've added too much.”

I don't fully have her here, as she's still hopping around like a maniac, but she's present enough in real time to hold a conversation. Wasn't entirely sure she'd stick around beyond instructions, honestly. Since she is, I turn to her over the sound sound of water rushing into the pot. “Kinda curious. Does your job get easier when this place is being all puritan?” Huh. Weird. I'd have sworn that was a casual opening. Why's that of all things raising an eyebrow?

As I find out, it's because, “That's strange. Patchouli doesn't usually tell the succubi.” She wouldn't think that was terribly pertinent information, would she? She can just summon another one the next time the mansion goes sex crazy. I attach the bowl and inspect the water level while wondering what I see in my summoner – besides the obvious. It can't just be the dick and what it fills me with. There's plenty of others here. Remilia's much more into it, Meiling's just out and out larger, Sakuya's... awfully quiet while I'm thinking. Sure enough, I turn back around and she's not actually there. Well, give it a second. I throw the pot on a burner and almost like magic, turning on the heat summons her. “Define 'easier.' Also, grate this; one block should do.”

After adjusting for the natural temperature of her voice, it's pretty clear. “Doesn't actually help much to not have to clean up after Remilia and her fun?” I pick one of the cubes of what looks like butter off the counter, shredding it over yet another bowl that holds the results. It comes apart in strings rather readily.

The maid double checks the water – possibly triple or more checks, I don't know how many times she glanced at the pot while things were frozen – and looks satisfied that I can follow simple instructions. “Of course not,” she throws over as she does so. It's somewhat telling that her voice softens a little. “It merely changes the nature of her fun and what needs cleaning up.” She does still need to fill the time with something, I suppose.

“Bit of a stupid question,” I admit, not terribly bothered inwardly or outwardly. I shake some strands of the butter equivalent off the grater so it's all where it should be, or near enough. I doubt that every last shred is necessary. Setting the grater down is the cue for a whisk to appear in my hand.

“It was,” Sakuya agrees, doing an excellent job of turning simple agreement into a put-down. “Melt that over the boiling water and keep stirring.” This time, as I continue to follow instructions, I have the presence of mind to note the room feels several degrees warmer without so much ambient malice in the air chilling the senses. Dumber than that question was thinking she'd be here for the process more than was strictly necessary. I, like the melting ingredients, enjoy the wafting heat of the water below, letting steam rise and meet my face. Just hot enough that extended exposure feels like it might scald, relaxing me while the once white strands melt to a cooking oil's green. I brush some very out of place hair back where it belongs to keep it out of the equation, chilled by the voice that returns. “Timely of you to ask about that, however. That's melted enough; measure out the cocoa powder. You'll want thirty grams' worth, mixed into the liquid.”

I forego my pleasant and localized sauna, turning around to find a pressure scale, an open bag of dark brown grains, and a measuring cup. Convenient that she can just single out the important items instantly, as far as I see. The cup goes on the scale to start, and then I start slowly adding in powder, checking how its weight changes with every little addition. “Oh, really?” I ask as I work, biting the very hook I baited. “Why's that? Has she been talking about changing it recently?” Think positive. Hold a casual tone. Her discussing it recently doesn't imply she's doing it soon.

“Quite recently, actually. The mixture should still be liquid after you've added it in.” Yes, okay, important cooking instructions, but how recently? Did she say when she wanted to? I would actually ask her these questions, but she's left me alone again to stew while I whisk what I've got. The repetition of mixing hardly fills the waiting, letting dread grow as I work. Unease should not be so common a feeling, yet again I'm gripped by the notion I can see what's coming and won't like it. Gotta stay positive. She won't say what I think she's going to say. She won't say what I think she's going to say. She won't say what I'm absolutely fucking certain she's- “Two days ago recently. That looks properly melted.” I fight back the urge to scream infernal curses that would make ears bleed from their blasphemous nature, before volume even enters into it. Why do I have to be right about these things? Sakuya, of course, carries on in an explanation I barely catch over the need to hold myself in check. “A pinch of salt. Seventy-five grams of the powdered sugar. Twenty five grams of powdered milk. In that order, one by one. I assume you can differentiate between the three.” Then I'm alone with the staff once more.

When I can bring myself to turn back around after a few necessary moments of decompression, I find each and every bagged substance I'm looking at is white. If I were a fairy, this would be an ordeal, potentially. Since I'm not, even while I'm distracted by everything running through my head, I have enough sense to be able to figure out which is salt, which is sugar, and which must be the solid milk by elimination. I can't dedicate enough mental effort to repeating the appropriate measurements; it's not occupying enough of my mind. As much as Remilia might have deliberately fucked with me if I asked her up front, Sakuya's doing a fine enough job by accident, just with her usual habits. Why is she so damned busy? Why isn't she here to talk? Why isn't she paying closer attention? … Wait. If she really is gone as often as her real-time presence would suggest... That concoction I took back up isn't fully reabsorbed yet, I could sneak it into the mixture. It wouldn't need to be a lot. A few drops of each. My master can't keep every magical protection up all the time. The ones that keep me from just plucking her tastes out her mind need to be constant, but a lot of what she uses when we have sex would be redundant with my contract's restrictions. I haven't scoured it, I might have been wrong about the provision preventing poisoning. If I made her beg to fuck me... If I drove her so sex-crazed she railed me until her body couldn't handle it... The balance of power could shift, opening her up... Side-step the whole love thing entirely, and-

“You seem quite focused. That important your chocolate turns out right?” The maid's biting interjection stabs through my thoughts like one of her knives. It's near enough to make me leap reflexively and spill the granular milk I'm pouring into the batter. It is entirely unfair that she can just appear whenever, without warning. Maybe I shouldn't be considering that I'd even have a chance to sneak it in.

“Just daydreaming about what life would be like if my master had a libido.” That's closer to the truth than it should be. I'm very far off my game if I'm giving up that much. It shouldn't be a choice between keeping my voice level and not saying the wrong thing, this is supposed to happen automatically – I am a succubus, by all that's unholy. Before she can press on the matter, I press forward, “So what was she saying two days ago?” Gotta keep this about the clock, not about whether or not I corrupt the chocolate. Don't let her get in a jab when I already said I wasn't thinking about it.

“When you're done adding in the milk, stir until it becomes less thick. When it has some gloss, you've stirred enough.” I am kind of sticking with the chocolate plan because I can't deviate right now but I would really appreciate it if she'd use her perfunctory nature to actually tell me that- “She said something quite interesting had happened, so she was moving it up immensely.” Oh. Oh fuck. Oh no. No, she can stop telling me, actually. I don't think I want to hear it I need to hear it, don't I?

Another chore demands her attention, taking her away and giving me longer to think on it. Remilia knows I'm in love. She specifically hastened how quickly the swap would happen because of that. She found out the day of and immediately made it into a game – why is she like this? Maybe I should just do it. I can manipulate them magically. A few drops of moisture in the air would hardly catch an eye. By the time my master had a bite, she wouldn't be able to take her hands off of me for the whole day. She'd ravage me until she shriveled up and then she'd croak for me to keep going because her loins burn so furiously. It would solve so many problems. The thoughts leave me so on edge that when the maid appears to check in again, I manage to catch her before she can speak up. “Did she say when?” I am just going to hope that the undertones of desperation either go unnoticed or are taken as my liking it here.

“The end of the month.” It's not stated with extra cruelty. It's not delivered with sadistic glee. It's just answered the same way she would anything else. Yet it does more to break me than every pleasant torture that runs through her head. I stop stirring and drop the whisk, which rests in the chocolate she's inspecting. She picks it up to look for shine as my hand lowers to my side. The end of the month. It was the first when I found out. Thirty-one days – twenty-eight more. I have four weeks to figure this out. This feels entirely unreasonable. This -is- entirely unreasonable; it's practically a blink. Stability and hyperventilation wage war inside my chest, the former's victory tenuous and narrow. I don't know what my face looks like, but I've locked it into that expression as whatever it might come to with more time to think is assuredly worse. Sounds strike at my ears for a second before I realize that Sakuya's speaking. I tune back to reality just in time to hear, “-all that leaves is picking a mold to cool it inside.” I guess the chocolate is actually acceptable. If she tried to say anything else before that, I didn't catch it.

Everything else has been cleared off of the counter. No need for a second try. No problems. Half on autopilot, I managed to get some chocolate together. I should be thinking that this will help my cause, but instead I fixate upon whether or not it's missing one final ingredient. The shape my chocolate should be in is an afterthought at that point. Hearts? Animals? Stars? Is there really a difference? I take the stars for no real reason, the ladle I picked out earlier handed to me to spoon it in. I give a reflexive, “Thanks.” as the process is all but done.

“It saved me making something to go with her afternoon tea.” I don't even disbelieve that's the reason she agreed to help me in the first place. It's not that important right now. Her vanishing isn't important either. What's important is the debate internally. The back and forth between these intense urges and what sense I have intact to fight them off. Four weeks versus seconds; one chocolate would be enough. Yet she's had plenty of other succubi – she's had time to refine her contracts. It would be the height of folly to assume the loophole is there. I'm not confident I can convince her I'm any different than them in a month. I'm less confident I could do that if I happened to violate my contract in that manner. Trust is hardly something easily reforged once shattered. I could get her so worked up she'd agree to anything, have her rewrite the terms of my contract in ways that afford me so much more control. Of course, she and Remilia are friends, and if she caught wind of my conversation with Meiling, she'd immediately catch onto that.

There are so many reasons not to do it that the very consideration is the short-sighted kind of stupid I'd expect out of a fairy. I'm better than this. So why am I sitting here trying to justify it to myself? Why do I have an excuse for trying it to go with every strike against it? Each counterpoint alone serves as enough reason to abandon it and just continue with my day; together, they all stack atop one another in a colossus that crushes any hope it would work. Still I fight to the rhythmic tick of a clock, even after the mold is filled and I've nothing left to scoop. Fey bustle around me, caring as little for my presence as I care for theirs. Juices drip and retract upon my nethers. One swipe of the finger. That's all it would take. But I won't. I can't. By the time I'm sure of this and I've finished chasing myself in circles internally, I'm tapped on the shoulder. Sakuya again.

“Chocolate doesn't take as long to cool as you might think.” With a demonstrative tap, she displays the give my chocolates don't have by this point. Seems they were helping to make my decision for me the whole time. That revelation delivered, sitting before me is a tray, with one plate holding my pile of fresh confections, and a saucer bearing a teacup. The maid's gone, but I take the hint.

“I wanted to deliver them to her anyway,” I insist to no one, as little as it accomplishes. The last thing I see as I set off is six fairies coming out of Sakuya's personal room, hauling the heavy container of sauce my time with the maid created. It's almost disappointing when they manage to float up in sync without spilling it on themselves, getting it atop a marble counter instead of collapsing into a frenzied orgy that ruins the kitchen. I spare myself the order – and the fairies I'll inevitably have to keep out of Patchouli's crystals – by clothing myself preemptively. I pass by no less than three on the short trip, buzzing carefree through the halls, one of which at minimum would have fallen in a trance to follow me. I arrive to Patchouli's desk to find her in the state I left her last night: brow furrowed as she peers deeply into those eight crystals, focused heavily upon manipulating every facet of spellcraft inside of them. Touching down on the ground, I offer a cough against a balled fist, following up with, “Master Patchouli.”

For several seconds, this gets nothing. I try going over and setting the tray on her desk, and that seems to do the trick. The sweet scent of tea pulls her from the depths of magic she's plumbing to look at the tray, and then to me. “Ah, Koakuma. Remi must have Sakuya busy if she's only prepared simple chocolates and even sent you to deliver them.” A simple, observatory statement. But a wholly incorrect one. She has time in spades to pop one up and into her mouth before I can manage the arduous task of getting a single word out. I don't recall having a tongue this heavy; in fact, it's quite light, despite its length. Nonetheless it ties at the assumption I didn't do the work of making them, even if she has no reason to think that. So the judgment cast down from on high comes, a mildly content, “Well, they're still fine enough.”

The words are impetus, finally getting me to blurt, “Actually, I made them.” It pauses the raising of a second to her lips. Her eyes twist from mine to my offered treats several times, the look coming across her face disbelieving in a variety of ways. “No, really. I did.” It does more to assure her than I honestly expected it to.

“That does explain it. It's been ages since she was so overworked this was all she could give me.” Okay, maybe the circumstances assure her more than my words do, but I'll take it. She pops the second into her mouth experimentally, not much stopped by this fact. I take that she does so freely as proof I would have had my soul scorched to hell – quite possibly literally – if I'd tried spiking them. Rather than that punishment, I instead get, “Well, thank you. What brought this on?” It's an off-handed question that doesn't expect much of an answer.

I'd almost thank the lump I find inhabits my throat, if I weren't quite good at holding my tongue when I want to, at all other times. It may not be Sakuya's knot, but it does the job of shutting me up before I can blurt out something like the fact that I love her. I've had two too many difficult speed bumps to try and slog through convincing her that's a fact right now. So instead, I muster my flagging mastery of charisma, answering, “I just felt like it.” Strictly speaking true, aiding me in sounding like I know how speaking works.

She twirls a star between her fingers, eyeing it more than she does me. In it goes, to the noncommittal reply of, “I see.” This isn't really what I anticipated from this. There was more blushing involved in the stories I was reading. Meiling did tell me not to treat them as sacred; I really shouldn't have expected more. Still, she clearly enjoys the taste, and there's something satisfying in watching her eat them. Perhaps that's enough? 
There are still some strands of hair not perfectly in place after my fun with Sakuya earlier – I brush them back where they should be, straightening everything out. I don't mind the little imperfections that advertise the fact, but it gives me something to do, filling the time as I collect myself internally for the line of inquiry I'm set on. I can't just up and ask it. It's not the kind of thing that gets asked in a vacuum, for no reason. I think. It definitely dredges up enough discomfort to consider that I can't come out with it, regardless. I start off more roundabout when I feel my tongue is in line, with a chipper, “So, master, you're quite the powerful magician!” She finishes the sip of tea she was taking before even looking over at me.

“An astute observation.” Bone dry, no chance it's anything but sarcasm. “Empty words of praise won't do you any good.” Yes, I know that flattery won't work. I tried shouting a lot of it the last time we fucked, and you didn't even react. Seriously, I know it was a little cheesy, but that act usually gets at least something. “Did you happen to have a point to reach?” Yes, actually, as you munch on my chocolate. You aren't even working, you're on a snack break – surely it's no great imposition to have a small chat.

I keep the grumbling in my head, instead policing my tone to inquisitively retort, “Well, I was just thinking that a lot of my masters weren't.” Absurdly true – I can call to mind several small fries with spirits so pitiful they'd instantly die if they tried to fight my master, whether from the strain of flight, or failing to dodge even a single bullet. “Having so much energy isn't exactly normal, is it?” The first thing to answer me is the clink of her cup.

The second thing is a dull, “Gensokyo itself is abnormal, is it not? A haven of the strange and the unnatural, where everything now irrelevant to a progressing world hides, for the collective consciousness of science has eroded belief to fatally low levels.” When she puts it like that, I can imagine it was a lot worse for everyone living here that didn't happen to have a perfectly good alternate reality they could inhabit as magic on Earth died out. All that I really had to deal with was a decrease in summons.

I didn't begin this conversation for that, though. I keep the momentum up, letting it fall into a bit of rote habit, finding it easier to sound as I should when I counter, “Well, even if that's the case, it's not like everyone here is so strong, right? The fairies, for example. Almost all of them are still just bumbling idiots.” Except the kitchen ones. Maybe I should ask her about that – in the future. Keep on target. This is leading somewhere, don't change the destination now.

“You raise a valid counterargument,” my master concedes with a nod. She pauses for another star, melting quickly in her mouth. Following her swallowing, “Many here still do not thrive, merely allowed to survive. Even with the spellcard system governing everything, this land could not function if even the lowliest youkai were empowered so.” She fixates upon me, blindly picking her drink back up to await my response. I've at least steered it well enough to garner some sincere attention.

“Exactly,” I begin by agreeing, because she has a point of her own. This mansion alone has hundreds of fairies, to say nothing of however many are in the wilds. It'd be chaos if they weren't as nonthreatening as their appearance tends to suggest. “That still leaves you as an outlier. So what I was curious about was, did you have to...” Well, I was thinking this whole talking thing felt a little natural for a second, right before I circled back to my point.

“Yes? Did I have to what?” She is unhelpfully flat in asking this, leaving me not wholly sure if it's genuine – though minor – interest, or a slight rib at my expense for falling silent. Whichever it is, her arm covers her face to mute a short bout of coughing thereafter, shaking the delicate cup held between fingers.

Waiting it out gives me enough time to settle on exactly how I'd like to ask it, finally finishing with an uncertain, “... give something up?” I'm met nigh instantly with a raised eyebrow, so I'm quick to continue, “It's just, it isn't unusual for, say, someone to make a bargain – you know demonology well enough to summon me. You could have given up parts of yourself. Your soul if you died, someone close to you, maybe... an emotion or two...” I can't quite come out with the actual word itself. But of the trades humans are willing to make, that feeling is prime among them, so I hear. I don't really handle pacts, so I can't be sure I wasn't fed lies.

She abandons her snacking for a time as I speak, arms folded and gaze more piercing then usual. I feel as though I've erred in my course when she opens up with a rather frigid, “An insulting implication, Koakuma.” My master sighs, massaging her forehead in frustration before she admits, in a softer voice, “But I can't say I don't see how you arrived at it. I look quite like I could afford to trade my soul when death finds me, don't I?”

If I'm entirely honest... well, no, she doesn't. She looks perpetually near to expiring, and every boon her night of good rest might have provided is gone, leaving her with a sickly complexion as usual. Rather than say that aloud, I go with a much less controversial, “Well, I don't think you have to worry about old age, at least. That's one problem taken care of.” Her laughter punctuates the end of that statement, pockmarked with a congestive infestation that swiftly robs her of air.

“I don't think...” She heaves, speaking up a little too soon after exhausting herself. “... you're admitting to...” She forcibly stops herself to fix her shortage of oxygen in several heavy breaths. “... every other problem I possess.” There's not exactly a point in trying to deny it; maybe I put a bit too much tact into my expression or words as I spoke. I steep in the shame of my present incompetence as I let her recover long enough to continue with, “I have Eirin's medicines. It may not look like it, but they work wonders. I used to live in my bed. Atrocious conditions. Impossible to have everything to hand.” Bitter by the end, I can only assume it slowed the pace of her work considerably.

Now, that leaves two other suggestions I made that I can press on next. One is thoroughly awful to consider, with implications that shake the soul and carve into my composure. The other suggests she's willing to engage in human sacrifice. It's a no-brainer which I go with. That doesn't mean I'm not cautious in asking, “Then... was there someone? Someones? It's... an awful lot to be worth a single sacrifice.”

Accusing a lot of people of being willing to do something like drive a dagger into the heart of their firstborn or similar is a good way to upset them – but my master is not one such person, evidently. Admittedly, the fact that she's going to be keeping a fairy in a perpetual state of death for continuous sexual torture at Remilia's behest does call her scruples into question by human standards. Her admission is a ready, “I didn't take such shortcuts either. I didn't have the leisure. There weren't many options for sacrifices, and I wasn't, nor will I ever be strong enough to subdue any of them. Remi would tear me apart. That's all assuming I even wanted to.” That answers one question, but spurs another, highly related.

“It's only her?” Even I have quite the selection of people I'd say I'm somewhat close to back home. I'm close with them because they're willing to use my body until it breaks, but that's the truest expression of friendship, isn't it? I should perhaps be less surprised by the small shake of the head I get that accompanies a gulp of tea.

“Not quite,” she corrects me, looking to think for a second. “Sakuya and Meiling are the obvious additions. I have a great respect for Alice's ability to multitask in magic. The number of dolls she can tether herself to and control is far beyond what I could hope to achieve, and all more precisely than I'd manage with one. Necromancy is another weak subject of mine – in fact, I believe I should call Seiga here. She might have better ideas for how to structure spells more stably inside anything granted undeath. Marisa is...” She starts this up, and then finds she's been droning on a little long in her explanation, face a pale blue as she gives up and works her lungs overtime. I could interrupt her, but I might get something if I don't. A hint more than that she's on this list of... what sounds more like fellow magicians she respects, after the mansion's residents. All my silence earns is a curt, “Well, you get the idea.”

I do, it's true. What I didn't get was much on Marisa – but I'll have to shelve that if I want to get to the actually important portion I've been putting off. That, however, necessitates actually doing so. Awkwardness and hesitation hide beneath final prodding of, “The... emotions, then? You are short of them, a lot of the time.” It doesn't seem worth it to not be up front about it when she caught me earlier trying not to call her an ailment-riddled wreck.

“A side-effect of magic, but not something stripped forcibly away by it.” I turn that statement over in my head a few times as she has another of the dwindling sweets, thinking I've about got the idea when she adds, “I've always valued my work more than most else. There's no greater explanation for it. I didn't trade portions of myself in pursuit of that; I merely apply them there.” That's... exceptionally good news. It may mean I'm going to have to fight her love of magic, but the concept's still there, however many layers it may be buried beneath. It's actually a breath of fresh air to hear.

It doesn't actually explain a detail, however. As a further guess, now that I know what I want, I venture, “If you really didn't trade anything, then were you just lucky enough to be born with this talent? Came out the womb floating and crying in magical tones?” It's good to be able to snap back with something like that. It's murder on me to think I can hardly even manage to direct a talk without opening myself to read like one of her books.

The suggestion isn't worth even a false chuckle from her. Rather, she responds with a blunt, “I think your perspective is misshapen slightly by the circumstances of your own soul. Its power waxes and wanes when summoned, parasitic in nature – then while at home, you feed off the air itself, freeing you of any concern about its capacity.” Hm. I haven't actually given a lot of thought to the fundamental differences in souls between species before. I know that they exist, but as far as my purposes go, a change in the taste of their cum is what it mostly boils down to.

She looks like she wants me to provide a counter, though, falling silent to let me think. A parasite can't really live without something to parasitize, and, well, “Magic wouldn't exactly be possible if using it meant throwing away your soul – especially for the weaker sorts. So obviously a human's soul at least produces more spiritual energy over time. But that doesn't actually explain anything, since you'd have to not use magic for a long, long time to hold that much; you couldn't sustain that while actually using it.”

She taps fingers together pensively before sighing. “It would seem that I'm right. Allow me to explain, then. The insight you lack is in the mechanics of that spiritual generation. Your supposition that simply waiting long periods of time would be ineffectual is correct. Most souls have a natural limit, beyond which bleed-off would begin. It would be negligible, if it provided any benefit at all.” She affords herself a break after this explanation, looking at me over the rim of her cup, expectant that I can piece this together now.

I think I can. I'm sure of myself as I rattle off, “If you weren't born able to wield this much, and if you didn't trade anything to get it, then obviously, that limit can be raised somehow. Presumably through just using magic?” I'm less sure by the end, though. It can't be that simple, can it? That sounds a little too easy. If all someone needed to do to strengthen their soul was cast spells, there wouldn't be amateurs with pitiful reserves.

“You have the right idea,” my master says with a nod, “but let me resolve the issue likely running through your head. Reinforcing one's soul isn't a matter of simply expending it through magic's use; it requires one to become dangerously low on magical energy. One must essentially place themselves inches from death's door. Erring in this process, miscalculating how much of yourself is left – the result is obvious.” It continues to be rather impressive how frank she can be about mortality. The idea doesn't shake her voice in the slightest. I suppose she did live through the process a presumably great number of times, though.

“And that's all that it takes, huh? Just nearly kill yourself a bunch of times and if you don't die, you get to be a great magician?” Needless to say, it's something of a dry pair of questions. Dying when killed makes that sound like a really inconvenient method of gaining power. Magicians have it rough. My master's laughing again however, as ill-advised as that might be. At least it's a quick, biting affair, sparing her another fit.

She sucks in a breath and retorts flatly, “Far from it. Greatness lays in what one achieves – my soul would be worthless without projects to apply it. What good is inordinate power for its own sake? Yet short-sighted fools trade themselves away, assuming mere might will make them even a footnote in magic's history.” There's clear contempt in her voice by the time she falls silent again, chest heaving more strongly by the second. I can't really ask her to keep speaking like this much longer. There's just one other thing I'd like to know while I have her here.

“Is that why you don't do it any more? That there's no point to power for power's sake? I haven't seen you trying to expend your soul since I came here.” It's a short few months in a life that's much longer, but if it's a practice she went through so often, I doubt she sees much danger in it now. She's got to have some reason she abandoned it.

A shake of the head answers me, and a rueful tone further clarifies, “My body made that decision for me; it could be said I traded health, if anything, working with ritual reagents as I have. I can no longer handle the strain, and I'd fall unconscious long before I endangered my spirit.” Speaking of endangering things, she has to pause this to lean over on her desk and simply recover for several seconds. She fends off an interjection with a raised finger, her point yet unfinished. She continues in a faltering wheeze, “The process requires ever more precision, as well. Reducing a soul of oceanic proportions to mere droplets, neither going too far nor stopping too soon, as weakness and delirium mount – it is almost more dangerous a prospect than when one is a novice. Accustomed to freely making use of taxing magic, it gets-” The swaying she was going through as she tried to speak was already rather concerning.

The point at which she falls over from lack of breath for at least the second time in as many days is the point at which I figure I have to stop her. She isn't even working herself up this time. She just won't shut her mouth unless I make her. “I get it,” I assure her, and I certainly do. “You couldn't push yourself without killing yourself. I get it.” I don't have much other choice but to wait until she can shove herself back up weakly to see if she's convinced this is a good stopping point for the conversation like I am.

When she does, she proves she's far more stubborn than the illnesses which are wracking her. “One final note. I am speaking of human magicians – I cannot generalize this across all souls. Now, wait here a minute.” I do, standing idly as I let her polish off tea and treat. She definitely needs the break even more than when I showed up, but it doesn't seem like she minded the talk. Which is quite good, compared to how most of my attempts at conversing with her before have gone. Upon getting herself in order, she has another casual order of, “Now, as I need to get back to work, so do you. Carnahan's Complete Compendium of Creatures. I'll be needing every volume.”

I could have sworn I just fetched the entire pile of grimoires surrounding her desk exactly three days ago. How does she have more that she needs me to get? But I'm hardly at liberty to refuse, so I ask, “And how many are there?” Just to be sure of what I'm getting myself into before I get started. I regret the question immediately after, before her mouth's even opened, sensing what's to come.

“There are seventy-two.” Calling that a galling number would be understating it. And it doesn't even end there. “Also, the pile on the left I am quite sure I've pulled everything useful out of. You can return them all whence they came.” That's adding another two dozen on top of the six of them I already need to fetch.

“Are you sure that you need all of them?” I ask, in the vain hope that she's remotely unsure this is the case. The wheeze my own tone takes has nothing to do with a shortness of breath, and everything to do with a slight case of exasperation. This is going to eat up the rest of today, isn't it?

I am incapable of being surprised when she explains, simply and patiently, “They are arranged alphabetically, not categorically. I will need to be able to reference any letter with complete certainty my search will not be cut off in looking for the beast I need.” That does sound like a convincing reason she might need every single one of them. So I set off to get to work, and it's going to be a lot of work.

Now, it might seem as though magic can solve everything. And in truth, it can solve a lot of things. But half a ton of book is half a ton of book, and that's not exactly much of an exaggeration. Most mages can't physically lift this; I assume it's considered a rite of passage, that if you can't casually and constantly manipulate something like this through telekinesis, you simply can't cut it. It's a wonder anyone makes it anywhere in this profession. I've said it takes about ten minutes to get from end to end in this place at a good clip. This is true. I might have some measure of supernatural might, but far from the sort that lets me casually heft half a ton, let alone then move it with ease. Suffice it to say that between finding the section, the shelf, and the specific volumes I'm after, it's more than half an hour before I return with even one book, almost a third of which is in travel time, despite her workspace being in the library's center. I pop in to my master munching on actual meals and hard at work for hours upon hours, sagging lower to the ground with each new tome. By the time the seventy-second is in her possession, I wouldn't disbelieve the hour count's ten at minimum. I haven't even returned any of the other books. “I'll...” I do my best impression of her by sheer necessity, well beyond a huff at this point. “I'll return those... tomorrow...”

I almost dread that she'll insist her desk has become too cluttered and they need to go now, considering it is presently physically impossible to walk to her chair past the wall of books, but I get a sleepy nod in answer as she keeps at it. She's flagging as well by this point, but she isn't yet incapable of forcing herself awake, meaning there's more work to be done as far as she cares. I'm not sure this isn't past the point of becoming inefficient, but I don't presume to tell her I know better. Even trying to have that argument would require more than I can muster right now. I stumble along a short distance until I'm outside of the crystal's influence, then hover my way to my room in fair spirits. I may not have any strength tonight, but I can deal with being exhausted. I just have to focus less on how I have four weeks left, and more on how it's possible. Love is buried somewhere inside of her, if I can figure out how to dig it up. I don't know that I can, but pessimism won't get me anywhere. I hold that possibility in my mind as I hold up the prize from searching my chest of goods. There she is.

Just like I promised this morning, I run my tongue around Carcie. The sweet taste of precum and the overwhelming salt of sweat mingle in my mouth as I tenderly play with her, snapping away my clothes. “Are you ready to have some fun, girl?” I ask, giggling like I'm only a hundred again. I splay out atop my bed, head resting on comfortable pillows. In the dark I line her up, the way I have innumerable times before. It's reassuring how I part around her for the first few inches, before I'm suddenly slammed within. She grinds perfectly against every favorite spot of mine below, the littlest grooves and bumps in her painstakingly shaped to align with my depths. I'd have to fight to keep her out of my womb but I have no reason to, letting her in as deep as she can go, base slapping me in a spray of juices. Ahhh. Peace. I drift off to slumber as I'm furiously fucked by my childhood friend. It'll afford me a wonderful start to the next day. 
For a number of hours, I alternate between letting myself get lost in pleasure and using all this spare time to do some thinking. In the lulls between climaxes, I ponder on the nature of that earlier feeling, watching my master eat my chocolates. She wasn't even gushing over them to the point I could justify some level of pride. Why did it feel even slightly good to watch? It was the most off-handed thing. Chocolate made half in a daze while I reeled from the knowledge of my deadline- no, no, don't let it take over again. Spasms wrest control of me and handle that issue, sensations passing from body to soul, holding off any ideas of that happening. It eventually passes, and so I get back to it. Does it really make any sense, to get satisfaction, just from watching a sweet melt in her mouth? It doesn't, does it? It seems absurd to even consider that it does, yet I did. Is that just love? Is it that nonsensical? There was the smile the day before, too. Such a little thing shouldn't be enough to make my heart race, but I can hardly deny the feelings it stirred. Even the thought of them brings something, mingling with Carcie's work in the physical world. How utterly peculiar. I continue to chase the thoughts around in my head like a dog with its tail, accomplishing about as much. As I close in on giving up and accepting I still don't get love, I am interrupted by a totally new sensation.

It's not impossible for someone to reach into a body and touch the soul there. Summoners even have special privileges to do so thanks to their contracts, letting them yank your chain from anywhere. The thing is that Patchouli delivers the soul equivalent of an insistent tug on the hand. This is closer to someone sticking their hand into your chest because holding your heart in their hand is an easier method of figuring out how fast it's beating. This whole love conundrum aside, there are few things I find truly disconcerting, and this is one of them. My eyes fly open, finding that the room is pitch black, magical light not on at all. Or so it looks at first glance: there's a dim red glow off to the side near my head, cast by something – eyes? Did Remilia finish up early and come to mess with me again? Evidently not, as I'm soon to hear a voice I don't recognize as hers, thankfully as my soul is let loose.

It's hoarse, like she desperately needs a drink, a fact emphasized by the hiss she employs to speak... to... someone else? “I told you we didn't need to do that. Look. Your stupid idea woke her up. No, I'm not taking the blame. Because you wouldn't shut up about it! No, you two stay quiet, this is between me and her!” There's neither another voice nor a pause to listen to someone else, yet it sounds exactly like half of a conversation. A conversation between four people? The red swivels with her last declaration, as though turning to a different person, before flipping back. I would open my mouth to inquire, but Carcie picks that moment to drive me over the edge, stopping that idea in its tracks. I at least hear what she continues to say as I enjoy myself in this frankly bizarre day opening. “No, I don't think that's why! Because the last four didn't wake her up, duh. No, this one isn't special, either. Why are you trying so hard? Just admit it was dumb. Or you don't get to come out, that's what! You and what army? Yeah, sure, that worked out so well the last hundred times, huh?”

As I lay there listening, moaning, and twitching, I start hearing the undertones that confirm my suspicions. Those motes of ethereal enchantment, the traces of supernatural suggestion – charisma beyond the mortal. Combined with the red glow, I'm fairly sure this is Flandre. I finally get to meet her after two months and change. Meet hers, maybe? I'll muse on it when the majority of my ability to think isn't suppressed. The solo argument fades into the background a while, 'til every pleasant feeling radiating through me from below passes, leaving me with a dull fulfillment. I don't hear her talking to me or herself, so I take that as an opening to try a courteous sounding, “Hello, Flan-”

I am drowned out by the maddened cry of, “Shut up so that -I- can talk to -her-!” I... is that... no, she's not looking at me, that one's at the voices? This is going to be an ordeal. “Because you're stuck up there, that's why! 'Cause your idea was stupid and you didn't admit it! We already knew, but you wanted to poke her eye anyway! We did not need it to be sure, she's laying in Patchouli's familiar bed, naked, and looks like a succubus! No, no, if any one of you says anything for the next minute, we're going back into the underground for another year, and that's final.” Apparently it really is, because that causes her to fall silent and breathe for a time, heavy with agitation. I take this opportunity to throw on the light so I can get a look at her.

The brightening burst illuminates golden-yellow hair, fraught with mess and imperfection, short strands spiking in random clumps underneath a frilled cap like Remilia's. The eyes that turn to look at me are sunken, hiding deep inside the sockets of a gaunt face that demands to be called beautiful, despite how its skin is nearly clinging to bone. Her chest is covered by a bright scarlet shirt and a ruffled pink undershirt, sleeves short like the yellow tie 'round her neck. Beneath this is a mid-length skirt, dyed the same as her shirt – the body these hide in part is much the same as her face. It's near possible to make out the joints where her knuckles meet through the thin layer hanging off of them, and her arms are almost literally twigs; even fairies don't tend to look this bare. Her legs aren't wholly skeletal, but they do look like the only reason they can hold her up is that the rest of her must weigh almost nothing, especially considering she's a few inches shy of the mansion's mistress. Of course, the really telling feature that confirms who this is without a doubt is what's jutting out of her back: charred black bone, twisted into jagged malformations, spread wide in a wholly useless wingspan. Eight crystals like the ones my master's using hang from each – same color, same order, much smaller; this is the enigma of the mansion, Flandre Scarlet.

Not just her looks differ from her sister, but her aura does as well – mixed with the allure exuded by a vampire, I can definitely feel an otherworldly terror that permeates the air around her. I certainly understand why, looking at her. Her tiny, malnourished body commands attention even while looking like it shambled out of a crypt. That's not getting into the three facts on her I was given for if I met her. One was her appearance. The second was that she's, to quote, 'Been largely stable for six decades, and isn't really a danger now.' The third is why that second one is important: she possesses the power to completely annihilate someone, including their soul, a process which is indescribably lethal to basically everything that isn't a fairy, as far as I'm aware. Apparently Gensokyo's rules didn't change that. I think what I felt that woke me up was the preliminary stages of the power. They're entirely sure she's reasonably sane and not a danger? I doubt this from my initial impression, but think I'll remain internally cautious, rather than externally. Instead, I try again, starting up with a friendly, “Hello, Flandre. My name's-”

I'm cut off again, but not because whatever voices she talks with are pestering her. No, she just knows enough to finish my introduction with, “Koakuma. They're all named Koakuma. Of course you'd be named Koakuma.” There's something extremely off-putting in hearing that name three times in as many sentences from someone I've never met, with the kind of certainty that says this is just a common occurrence.

Now bearing my own share of agitation, I spit a sigh and admit, “Yes, that's my name. I probably don't have to explain what I am or why I'm here, do I?” This wasn't as exasperating with the rest of the mansion. I could assume, when I first came here, that Patchouli had just told the relevant people she was summoning a succubus for an assistant and had decided to name her Koakuma. This realization retroactively poisons my first meeting with everyone, doesn't it? I catch Carcie on a downstroke, pulling her out so I don't randomly drop out of the conversation, finally swinging myself to sit up.

“You're Patchouli's latest book-fetcher and you're here because my sister turned everything upside down again.” It's not like I don't know that first fact, but it still stings to hear stated aloud with such conviction. I'm left silent long enough for her to continue and complain, “I never know if I'm supposed to come up dressed for Sunday brunch, or in a microbikini with a fairy skull totem pole on my dick. Why can't she just pick one?” The mental image that second option has created is exactly the right kind of arousing.

The question might be rhetorical – I'm honestly having difficulty reading her – but I figure the appropriate answer to it is a suitably, and honestly, weary, “Because she's horrendously self-centered and doesn't care about the effects her whims are going to have on everyone else?” Like me. I don't think she knows what a one month timer feels like. The same way I don't know how to appease the vampire in front of me.

My comment earns an incredulous, “Don't be stupid. Flandre two's stupid. Do you wanna be like Flandre two? The correct answer was that living forever's really, really boring, and if she didn't, she'd probably die of boredom.” I would have sworn she sounded much more put out by the transitions. I find I'm again denied speaking rights before I can open my mouth in response, as she starts shouting all of a sudden once more. “No one said you were allowed to just count to sixty and then start talking again! I am trying to have a conversation here! No, that's entirely pointless and I won't! Because she's a succubus! We can just ask after! No, now keep it in your skirt!” It's sort of jarring how her head snaps around as though there are actually other girls floating around her. She's glaring to her right a lot in particular this time as she argues with herself, and very literally so. With a twitching eye, she spins back on me with a rapid, “So, what's my sister up to?”

I can already see her getting fed up with whatever other discussions are happening that I'm not privy to. It appears to be time for my best Sakuya impression, figuring out how tightly I can pack my words. “She's trying to cum enough in one day to drown herself.” I beat out her exploding at herself, which makes my impression good enough, as far as I care.

“No fairies in this one? She usually tries to have as much collateral as possible.” Something about that seems to contradict her statement regarding Remilia's whims; this doesn't reach my mouth from my brain before her neck cracks, twisting to look above her with an exclamation of, “I'm getting there! You know I am, you're in my head! You're worse than Flandre four! It's only been a year and a half, nothing's going to have changed! Not another word or you don't get to be in the middle next time!” I'm starting to see what they meant by 'stable.' She has clearly had a very long time to learn how to effectively manage the voices in her head, because any time she delivers a threat, it seems to afford her some measure of peace. She uses it to flip back down to me and ask, “What's Mei like?” It's a question of some interest to her, judging by how she leans forward on her feet.

It's also one I'm not entirely sure how to answer, however. I can assume she wants to know about Meiling, but what could I tell her she wouldn't know better than I do? How she's been doing recently? I can't really cover the whole time she was absent, but I try to supply, “Well, she seems fine? She mostly just guards the gate and takes care of the-”

This girl interrupts me more often than Sakuya, and if she can afford to vanish for a year and a half, her schedule is not nearly as tightly packed. This time, it's to wave her arms like I need to stop immediately, with an added chiding of, “Nuh-uh, no, wrong. You're a succubus. You should know I'm asking about her sex life.” … She has one of those? Oh. That question along with her interest explains it. The fairies aren't the only ones that have difficulty thanks to how big the gate guard is. Flandre does look like she's almost entirely bone that would snap between the guard's twin pythons.

I can much more helpfully state, “I helped her with that some yesterday. Taught some of the fairies how to make themselves stretchy so she'd have less trouble.” I'm still happy with that fact. It's going to considerably improve her life. If she isn't going to be constantly stuffing them both into me, the least she can do is let off some steam with the fey. I assume it's a good thing to report, but surprisingly, the vampire's agitation is turned on me and not a phantom.

“Damnit!” she yells, slapping the back of a hand into the others' palm in a rattle that reverberates off the walls. “If she can use the fairies now, she's never gonna be backed up enough!” She whirls about to the left and delivers a slap to the air. “Stop suggesting we use that on her! She didn't know! I will actually leave you out of it! Only if you mean it! Good!” I think whichever Flandre inhabits the left is maybe a bit too infatuated with that destructive power of hers – it's the direction she was looking when I woke up. Reprimand delivered, I have her focus once again. These outbursts are actually phenomenal for controlling the flow of a conversation, in a demented way. It fragments everything so heavily that it's difficult to speak up after, when she might well round on another of herself. Gonna take some getting used to, this one. I'm about to take that consideration somewhere more concerning before Flandre poses her next inquiry, “Now, about the bet we have going. Has Sakuya actually tried anything yet?”

I fight back the urge to inform her that 'we' don't have a bet going, because it's clear enough what she means. Clicking my tongue, I regretfully inform her, “Of course she hasn't. I'm convinced she won't ever and I've only been here two months. She's far too uptight.” Now, I find this to be a tragedy, because she really should just take a day off to put the vampire in her rape dungeon. Given that this sorry state of affairs is absolutely the smart money, though, I'm surprised to see Flandre kick her feet in disgust and snap her neck looking up again. One would think she'd just lean back some instead of tilting her head so far, but evidently that's too sensible.

“Laugh it up, you,” she says to whichever Flandre that is as she leers. “You might get the fairies for the next month, but one of these years those long odds are gonna pay off, and then we'll never have to share with you again. You're gonna feel like a real idiot when that time comes. Oh yeah? You think so? Well then maybe you should be Flandre two, 'cause that's pretty stupid! She's gonna crack one of these days and then the mansion's gonna fall apart! See? Even she thinks so!” Her finger is jabbing to the left, at... I'm going to assume that's Flandre two. Which I think makes the one up top Flandre three. I don't know entirely know how to interject, but I almost don't care. It's sort of fascinating, like a more interesting version of talking to the maid, where she doesn't even have to go anywhere to completely pause whatever you were talking about. And then she'll just return to it just as suddenly, twisting her broken neck to look at me and stating, “Well, I think that should be everything I need to know.” Hold on a second.

“Are you sure?” I ask, rather kind of shocked. She had a pertinent question for each of the other members of the mansion, so, “What about my master? Don't you have anything you want to know about her?” I sound a tad more desperate than I mean to, but if she has legitimately nothing, then I can't help but feel that bodes poorly for my chances. Even Sakuya at least has a bet running for when her inability to just plow Remilia will finally push her over the boiling point. It's rather telling that her first response is to glance between every Flandre I can't see or hear, looking like she expects them to provide her with something.

“Oh, sure. Blab at me all you want when I'm trying to talk to her, but the second I need some good ideas for what to ask about the witch, you all just go silent. Typical. Absolutely typical. I swear I hate me.” It's rather rare that I get to see a derisive snort used by someone on their self, yet there it is before me as the other three of her apparently fail to provide anything. What I get from her when she's done berating herselves is a frank, “Patchouli's too square to have any interesting developments. She just sits at her desk all day and does whatever my sister tells her to. No fun at all. C'mon, you're her succubus. You should know this.” I do, but I kind of have to hope.

“Never mind,” I state with a sag, shaking my head. I almost thought that was worth asking, but evidently I was wrong. I don't doubt she knows my master well enough to divulge some secrets, as it should be theoretically impossible not to unless she only surfaces for one day before returning to an otherwise eternal slumber. The question is if I think I can actually get them out of her, as I'd describe her sanity as borderline, and also she looks to be conferring with the other Flandres in an actually civil manner that doesn't involve shouting at them to shut up for once. I guess they're capable of agreeing on things. Or at least not being so aggressively aggravating that the only solution is a one-sided shouting match.

Her broken neck slings itself back into place and then falls forward in a nod. “Alright,” she says, voice firm despite the weakness that pervades it. “Flandre, Flandre, Flandre and I have decided that you're pretty good as far as succubi go. So, pick a number between zero and four. And-” She snaps to her right, hell-bent on proving me wrong immediately. “You know I'm already doing that, so why are you rushing me?! I had something I was gonna say and now I lost it 'cause of you! Ugh, whatever! Listen, just pick a number!” She's right back to fighting to get a word in to me, twisting right back and demanding a swift answer.

A number between zero and four, huh? Well, I could just give a straight answer, but my exposure to Remilia is reminding me of when I turned five-hundred. It inspires an idea that may not entirely be sane or safe, but which I can't deny holds appeal. If she can clone herself, I'm clearly picking how many of her I get to enjoy my time with – yet what if I don't rattle off a whole number? There's a lot of numbers between zero and four, the rest meaning... what, exactly? She'll make smaller clones? Well, I'll find out soon enough. It's a quick retort of, “Two-point-eight-six-nine-three-four-seven-five.” She falls into a squint three words in, thin slits of scarlet light piercing into me.

I'm allowed to finish at least, before she opens with a sarcastic, “You think that's a funny joke, huh? A real good prank? Just an absolute barrel of laughs? That I should be rolling on the floor laughing 'til my gut hurts? Well, guess what, bucko? It was pretty good.” I'd think her tone would at all change during that rant if this were true. She's not done, though, following her meager pause with, “The first time I heard it. But you succubi can't pull one over on me now, oh no. I've been practicing. Isn't that right? Yeah. Exactly. Well put, Flandre two. Maybe you aren't so dumb. Stop, be quiet while you're ahead!” Her side-tracking offers me a proper few moments to be disappointed in how this is something she's prepared for thanks to a prior succubus. I... was right when I said we're not all the same, wasn't I? Am I just blind to the trends I'm following?

If I focus on that, it'll ruin my enjoyment of what's to come. Back of the mind. Worry about it later. In a cautious venture, I tap her on the shoulder before she can launch into a tirade against herself about how stupid she is. It's enough to catch her attention, which seems a sign I can afford to gently, firmly insist, “If you already know what to do, then I'm interested in seeing it.” I don't entirely know how to keep her focused on me, but it's worth the shot. It doesn't look terribly effective as she quickly goes to glancing around herself.

Her voice, however, is quite serious as her mouth opens, face overcome with sincere consideration as she bounces between those I don't see. “Alright, you heard her. We've got just under three mes to work with. Who wants what? Legs? Yeah, okay, I think we can fit that in. No, I told you already, the dick's a quarter. If you want that much, you can't have anything to stick into her. Because I said so, and because I'd regenerate it back. Alright, fine, fine, jeez! If you want it that bad, you're gonna have to add holes to it. So just don't put the holes where the arteries are, obviously, how else? I... hm. They are thin bones... yeah, I think that's fine. Just skimp a bit. No, not there, obviously. It has to attach to something.” The deeper into this conversation with herselves she gets, the more I understand what's about to happen. I was entirely wrong in what I thought this would accomplish. It obviously didn't fluster her, and it's not going to mean she makes a more pint-sized version of herself. They're deliberating over how much actual body to give themselves. Oh, this is going to be good. She taps her fingers on empty air, as though working some invisible calculator, before nodding. “Alright. That should be good. No take-backs. No, not even if you realize you messed up. Then that's your fault. Too bad, so sad, doing it.”

I'd ask what she's doing, but the answer's clear, even if I don't yet understand the method. She goes to float in the middle of the room, my attention rapt. Her arms raise on either side of herself, palms facing forward, towards me. After a moment's concentration, she flings them back. I can hear how the bone cracks as she does, joints fracturing from being deliberately bent the wrong way. Ninety degrees straight behind her they move, and in her wake, she leaves one complete pair of arms at forty-five degrees, and a porous, skeletal pair where she began. She repeats the process with her legs, kicking backwards the same amount. Even more harsh cracking comes from much larger bone, leading to the same end result: the creation of an intact pair between her legs and the seemingly crumbling bone inhabiting where that kick began. She spins her neck in a full, violent rotation, a grisly, half-eaten head appearing behind hers, flesh clinging only enough to anchor harrowing eyes in their sockets. Then the straining begins. At all the points where she meets with the new limbs, her body quivers and shakes, to the wet squelch of tearing muscle. It grows more intense by the second, until there's a final, cacophonous crunch, announcing the process completing and the Flandres separating. There's only one appropriate response, even coming from me, and I'm aroused by this all. “Oh my fucking hell.”

In front of me are four Flandres. Or, more accurately, the fragments of four Flandres who have stripped themselves of anything extraneous they could, and evidently, that was a lot of things. The girl herself, wearing a proud grin, is the only one of them that's complete. To her left sits a Flandre who exists only from foot to crotch, terminating right past where a flaccid member is attached. To her right she's flanked by a floating, headless torso, arms somehow paid for and intact. That's probably because she's largely hollow, and doesn't have enough flesh left to seal herself; I can see her heart, hanging, swaying, and pumping away to fill barely insulated veins and arteries, likely necessary to eventually get her erect. I don't know how the hanging testicles intend to defy gravity and force an orgasm up her length, but I'll assume it's possible. Behind her is the fourth, explaining why I was seeing raw bone; that's what she's made herself of. A pockmarked, degraded skeleton, looking barely fit to support anything, handily short of many things to support. Ribs at random are missing from the cage, her spine is lacking in vertebra, and she's almost entirely devoid of any meat aside from the second head that belonged to her. She's somehow anchored her cock to her pelvis, likewise letting twin testicles and a beating heart simply hang. I'd hazard that, in the leg's case, the necessary items are just bundled up inside the empty crotch. That said, calling the sight bizarre doesn't do it justice. It looks like something straight out of horror, leaking blood onto the floor as Flandre prime, the only one that's capable of speech, asks of me, “So, what do you think? Two-point-eight-six-nine-three-four-seven-five Flandres worth of Flandre. And I still got all four of us out. Feeling dumb yet?”

I'm feeling many things, stupid among them. Not because I've failed in my objective, but because the more I stare at it, the less sense it makes. I want to fuck this confused mass of vampire bits, but I also want to know, desperately, “How does this work? How does any of this work? How do those legs even live? How do those bones even move? How are you calculating that?” I am not ashamed to admit that I'm flabbergasted, as this is nightmarish nonsense, and I'm willing to set my lusts aside for a moment if it means sating my curiosity. I, however, am not Flandre, nor her clones.

The skeleton, being the only other one that can see, is zeroing in on me and lifting me up. Despite not even having muscle, I'm still grabbed like I weigh nothing, so she can drag me over to the group on my knees. Taps on the much less complete vampires seem to indicate I've been gathered, as they hover to surround me, nudging with arm and leg to find out where exactly I am. All the while, a Flandre who sounds much more collected – but no less hoarse – laughs. “If you wanna know so bad, ask me after! I already let them out, so it's time to have fun!” Severely doubting I have any means to overturn that statement, I simply appraise what I'll be working with as she flings away her clothes at vampire speed. Her being intact, it's obvious from the two large lumps on her stomach – like sister like sister, the member of a bat. Unlike sister, now that she's naked, I can see that it's not just the midsection Flandre that's so hollow – she goes beyond flat chested to concave, sagging into her own ribs. My ability to appreciate this is limited, as there's a throng of horny vampire parts that keep expectantly prodding me. Time to get to work.

For starters, I let my tongue slip out, lashing it across fingers and palms to get them juicy with saliva. So prepared, they reach to either side of me, caressing little things soon to not be. I twist to look behind at SkeleFlan, beckoning her to stand closer. As she does, I look back at and sink onto the girl herself, letting my mouth swallow her; at the same time, my tongue continues to hang out, darting backwards, slipping through hair to lavish the final Flandre in affection. Four at once is hardly a trial now – but that may well change as time goes on. Already, I hear exposed hearts speeding up, hastening the engorging flow they're dedicated solely towards. I see and feel them grow, the prick inside my mouth beginning to steadily lift me as it lengthens. I pull off it before it can, twisting to let another have my attention. Now it's the headless torso, whose more notable deformity becomes obvious as she stiffens – this was the one that needed to make concessions upon herself, shaft mottled with small missing patches. They cut deep enough I can watch streams of pre squirt out of them, lessening what comes to drip from her tip. I want to know what that looks like when it reaches its limit. For now, I continue to shift focuses, moving through each and every vampire, whole or not, eyeing greedily what my efforts earn me. Inch after turgid inch of flesh to pleasure and be pleasured by in turn, steadily rising to what I'd expect.

Whatever Flandre's other selves may be, they're not wholly self-centered. Not that I'll need much in the way of extra stimulation, but they do kindly offer nice gestures all the same. The pair of legs constantly fiddles around, finding the gap between my own; her foot lifts and rubs, twirling my clit in circles and diving toes inside a wet, waiting muff, intensifying shivers of anticipation. Hands reach from behind and beside me, finding breasts to fondle, skin meeting skin on one, where the other is greeted with chilled bone. Kneading, twisting, and pulling, their efforts are rewarded, hands wet with what comes from enthusiastic nipples, teased out alongside sighs of passion. That leaves the girl herself, who simply rubs at my hair affectionately, cooing at me for her own part. “That's a good girl. We'll be sure to make it really fun for you. You don't mind if we get a little rough, right? 'Course not. You just wanna be nice and full, with all those little gaps plugged up.” She's not wrong, which I can't help but dislike in this scenario. I'm supposed to be the one telling people what they want when we've just met, not the other way around. No sense in protesting it, though. I nod in the middle of another transition, near to my goal. Straight up each and every one points, and it's clear their erections do represent at least a quarter of themselves – when I think they must surely be wholly prepared, slick with their own juices and my saliva, they prove there's yet more to go. Flandre and her calcium companion have to lean back, nether heads reaching past their more standard ones, all four of them wider around than a hand can grip. Seems she's not the littler of the two in all respects.

Watching unprotected testicles throb, readying themselves for the arduous work they'll have soon enough, I stand when I'm quite sure they can't get any harder, lines of drool coming automatically down my lips, licked away. It doesn't take a genius to figure that with four vampires here, I'm not likely to get or need much of a chance to direct what goes down. But that doesn't mean I'll just sit here, stock still, until they pick me up to have their way with me. The legs stand behind me, finding the cheeks of my ass grinding up and down their shaft. The skeleton stands before me, elbows nudging breasts close to it, sliding along a well-lubed rod. To the left, the chest hovers, hands moving from rounded mounds to sides, ready to lift me and take away all autonomy; on my right, the progenitor of all these oversees this all with a sharp, lustful grin. I definitely don't have much longer, but I'll play it up for her while I can. “You're entirely right,” I admit to the sound of a finger's snap, flames running along me. Breathing won't be a problem, as my ass leaves the legs behind. “I'm just an empty shell that needs filling. I can't start the day right if I haven't been stuffed everywhere.” Another burst of flames alongside that purr; a succubus' body can handle quite a lot, but I figure it best not to take any chances. “Use me. Don't hold back. I'm your toy right now, so play with me however you want.” I watch the upper body flip upside down, frantic heart now hanging out the empty neck stump. I know what it wants, opening my maw wide. I'm not going to be getting much of a chance to speak now.

Its cautious lowering is more subdued than I expect, but that may be owing to its inability to see and line up. I can help there, leaning forward and coiling around it. Like a leash, my tongue guides her to the gaping jaw she wants, as the others likewise take position. The legs behind me find my rear once more, forcefully parting cheeks; I offer aid there as well, lifting slightly to more readily present the hole being searched for. SkeleFlan situates herself in front of me, with Flandre the first behind. Together they pry at and poke the drenched cunt that begs to be plowed. The skeleton, however, has a different destination in mind as the one at the fore; just beneath that wonderful nub she finds it, testing how it might stretch. Vestigial to me, largely, the urethral canal – but nothing that someone might want to stick their dick into is truly useless. Sliding in a knuckle goes smoothly, and two side-by side can open as wide as her fingers can part. Everywhere is open on a succubus' body, and so she readies herself. That leaves just below it, where, hugging me and her skeletal system, Flandre waits, fixated upon me between gaps in bone. “Ready, girls?” she asks, despite the fact that she's the only one with functioning ears. “On three now. One.” I expect an early start, but receive no such surprise. “Two.” The surprise seems to be that, outside of her head, these girls give her much less trouble. “Three.”

I'm glad they do listen to her. Really, I am. Despite what impression her arguing with them might give, she is in sync with these clones. They shove in as one, and I have to actively fight off the climax this tries to bring. The torso crashes into me, hilting in less than a blink, and all she needs to bludgeon my face is what little of her there is to ram into me; the smack resounds among the others as her head plants itself inside my stomach. There's no chance of anything but a heaving of the legs' contents when they shove inside, back battered by veins and arteries, sacks of semen squishing themselves, burning and ready as my intestinal tract replaces and shuffles less vital organs. A tiny little hole, once useless to me, requisitions more of my form to extend itself and make room for the monster that rams it, actively trying to crush lungs I don't thankfully need right now. And of course, when a vampire decides they're going to be breaking open your womb and shoving it deeper than they even have the cock to fill, they do – those recesses simply expect that there's going to be more, even as she's stopped by her own skeleton, and so they rise, unabated by the fact that nothing is truly pressing them. I'm crushed downwards. I'm pushed upwards. I'm driven backwards. I'm forced forwards. A tangled mess of distensions display proudly upon my neck, my stomach, my back, insides chaos as they're filled more with Flandre than myself. It's infernal bliss.

My hands reach to grab hold of the pair in front of me, reciprocating the hug I'm receiving. It's about all I can manage or possibly contribute, especially as things actually get going. They pull back and reinsert with a practiced lack of unison. When my ass is left near empty, my mouth is again plugged; when that is offered reprieve, twin phalli plunge to womb and bladder in tandem; and so the cycle begins again, guts trying to realign themselves fucked right back out of place. It's a never-ending, ever-shifting cycle of wondrous, fiery delight, the initial bursts just dying the moment another piston replaces them. I can barely get a moan out with what breath I have, in the spaces between my throat being clogged. It meets with the high-pitched squeal of Flandre's, claws digging into my back and drawing streams of crimson. All the more, all the better, an ache that adds to the rapidly mounting list of reasons I should simply let myself go. But it's important to not be the first to give in, even if my body so horribly wants to. Between the many slick slaps, those squeals turn to words, still registering to me for now. “Oh, it's been so long since we had a succubus! We're gonna have so much fun!” The utter lack of guile is in stark contrast to her sister, and endearingly cute. It would also be a lethal level of enthusiasm if I weren't meant to be reamed with abandon, but I assume not everyone gets this treatment. Probably.

The important thing is that I'm getting this treatment, and it's treating me right. Every press, pull, and jostle as they ravage me is decidedly a treat, bringing me to clench and quiver just as much as I deform under the excessive filling. A wildly flailing tail finds its way inside of the open-topped legs, periodically batting against the centers of both pumping blood and pulsing cum, unable to hide their desires. Even by my usual standards, it's a very direct glimpse into how great it must feel to make use of me. With fluttering eyes and curling toes, I'm not hiding my own enjoyment much better right now. Without even a single orgasm, I'm already becoming a mess. Every time I'm met with, there's a spray of juices, whether originating from me or the Flandre now deep inside. Melding with the thick layer of sweat, there's not a single portion of my body that's not coated in several different liquids, originating from half a dozen different orifices. They all near sizzle, hot as I burn in the middle of so much concentrated passion. Impatience sets in. I can hardly fight it any longer. That need below, those carnal surges flooding through me. I require release, like a man in the desert needs water, and I can't continue to hold myself in check.

As wholly as I'm filled, it's nigh on impossible for any part of me at all to clench any more around the welcome intruders. That hardly means I'm not trying as every hole I have bunches up tight enough to strangle. Attempts to scream in ecstasy prove futile, as not only is there no air to force out, but the torso claiming my throat pulls back less with each new thrust. Profane waves of pleasure roll across the whole of me as my composure shatters and I simply steep in these sensations. I catch only glimpses of whatever Flandre is saying over my own euphoria. “-cumming alread-” flickers through my ears in a more lucid moment. “-when she's back-” fills another space where I can generously be described as near to conscious. I'm not quite all there, but when it's all winding down, I get one final, needy shout. “Oh, just go already!” If I hadn't just come out of a climax, I'd certainly be thrown into one with what that order brings.

There's not a hint of hesitation between them, and I feel the rush before it strikes me all at once. Four simultaneous jets of jizz that flood every internal crease they can find. It spews from the holes of the Flandre above me with fury, coming to clog lung, nose, and mouth, all while sinking into stomach. My guts are repurposed for the sole job of holding the heavy volume being dumped within, scalding at stretched thin walls. A bladder often empty is filled well beyond its limit in but one rope's worth, with oh so much more following in the wake of that. And, sure as can be, my beaten open cervix is allowing a tide of white to fill my womb in such quantities that, if I could get pregnant, I certainly would. From two locales I get to taste it all as the storm of seed begins to bloat. Its undercurrent is much the same as Remilia's, corrupt and impure with vampirism's taint, but there's so much more here. The spice of raw lust, the iron of sadism's grip, the sweet purity of childhood's innocence, the whole of that and more a chaotic blend unsure of how it wishes to define this girl. Even Sakuya's time-distorted flavor at least makes sense when unscrambled, but this hardly has a common thread between everything driving it.

I'm undecided on how I feel about this as a dish, but I'm going to be getting plenty of it. It runs in rivers out of me up top, but everywhere else I'm so thoroughly plugged by vampires holding themselves to the base that nothing's going anywhere. I have a hard time imagining anyone else here could so quickly swell my body, having only one or two shafts up which their load can travel. Flandre holds a clear advantage with four of her here, compressing my insides further yet as every cavity expands to make room for the bubbling, clinging mess. I can feel the force of the draining going on above sending it winding through my intestines – consequently, I can feel its meeting with the orgasm of the vampire behind, the two arguing over where they get to unload. Every single burst is audible, every crash and slosh proud among the wordless, high cries of the only girl here capable of voicing her feelings. I don't quite become perfectly rotund, the same way I normally would. I believe that's the fault of my lungs, which don't often get to enjoy the same benefits as anything else open enough to fill. But I'll not say no to how it shoves out my bust with even the scraps it's getting. By the time it's over and I've again learned what it's like to be fat, I'm sitting on the edge of another release, not panting like a bitch in heat only because that would require freedom to use my tongue. They all withdraw as one, and the result is inevitable – three holes below spewing things back out, rapidly beginning to form a puddle, even as thick as the stuff is. Of course, there's a very important detail contained in the fact that they pull out, that being they're still stiff enough to. “Alright, hole change!” Flandre calls, as they all flutter around me and figure things out. Oh. Oh, that's how it's going to be. I can't find it in me to complain when they arrange and she counts up another, “One... Two... Three!” I also can't find it in me to keep myself on the precipice of release as they crush me together again, impacting with enough ferocity to drive gallons of semen out even as fully as I'm plugged. Today will be a good day.

Tracking time is difficult. Remilia has just as much stamina as this girl does, but when I'm enjoying a long session with her, I have enough time to get myself in order between her stirrings. I have no such chance with her sister. They swap between holes without care, each taking a turn to find out which they like the most, and then fucking me in all the others a dozen times combined still. On multiple occasions I grow so obscenely distended from all they've released inside of me, it becomes impossible to fit everyone around me, in order to fit everyone in; this isn't an issue for a vampire. With gusto that would be concerning if I hadn't made myself a bit more durable, she simply flings me to the ground and comes down on top of me in a stomp. Despite her weighing approximately nothing, it slams so much seed from my everything so quickly that the walls should have holes in them. Having shed me of a hundred pounds and, more importantly, a gluttonous gut, she carries on with the festivities right after, until everyone's had their fill. Or, until most everyone's had their fill.

By the time I am anything resembling coherent again in this long stint of sexual satisfaction, my room looks even more drenched than when Remilia and I set out to drench a room. I believe I am not literally buried in the muck like a shallow, watery grave only because it is ejaculate so dense it's closer to solid than liquid. Vaguely, I'm conscious of what Flandre is saying over the sound of my leaking, having been left with a debilitating amount of semen inside of me. “Guuuuys!” she whines, and I can picture her tugging at a passed out clone; can't see it, since my eyes are hidden under four layers of cum. “We only did it two-dozen times! I know you're only clones, but c'mon! We finally have a succubus again! Are you gonna wimp out on me like that?” The silence isn't telling, as none of them could have actually answered that, but the little harrumph she gives is considerably more so. “Well, fine! If you're all just gonna be that way, I'll keep our new friend all to myself!” With the snap of heavy strands and a succubus-shaped void in the cum pit, I'm taken from the clutches of the bog my room's become. I assume she's staring me in the face, mostly because that's the only reason I can figure for why she'd need to clamp a hand over my mouth and stem the fecund fountain escaping from it. “Need help?” she asks. I shake my head, just a little blearily. I'm... I'm good. Real, real good. I'll just absorb this when it becomes strictly necessary. It isn't yet. “Well, since they're all out of it, wanna have a chat, then?” Shit. I guess it will be if I actually want to provide a topic.

But, then again, who says I need to provide a topic to talk about – or even try to take part in any kind of conversation? Who says I can't stay horribly bloated for as long as I want? Forget the fact that her clones are laying somewhere in this mire, she's still perfectly ready to go. That's all that really matters. Sluggishly, my head sways, denying any interest in talking. In response I receive an insulted sounding, “Really? No pillow talk, huh? You're just gonna use me for my body and then forget about me? Well, maybe I'll just use you for your body too, then. What do you think about that, little miss slutcubus?” I can't deliver a thought more complex than 'yes', but I dutifully slide my head in assent. “Why didn't you just say so in the first place?” she asks, incredulously. I perform the taxing trial of lifting an arm to point at the mouth she's clamped shut, which would be vomiting seed if she weren't. I imagine a squint for the second it takes before she answers, going by her tone as she says, “You win this round.” I prefer to think of it as the both of us winning, since we'll each get to enjoy ourselves further. A point of view not fully shared it seems, as she indignantly adds, “But I think you've had it easy long enough. We were doing all the work this whole time. Doesn't that just fill you with shame?” If something was going to fill me with shame, it wouldn't be getting manhandled by a quartet of vampires. That's no failure of sexual skill; that's merely admitting I'm only going to move how they direct me. That said, the last of the vampires which is in any shape to continue drops me.

Calling the impact as I strike the ground wet wouldn't do it justice; it's a splattering squelch whose echoes alone speak of vampiric virility, coming in two stages. The first as my lower half, ass on down, clears itself a hole in the deep pool of white; the second as my upper half, unbalanced and unsteady after this abrupt fall, follows its lead to collapse in what must be a remarkable shower of seed. Unsurprisingly, as the layer of filth I've been dropped into tries to ooze back over me, it's quickly – as quickly as ejaculate this thick can, anyway – working to bury my head beneath plenty of it. As with my experience the last time I found myself in this position, prying myself loose of this is difficult at best, and as the layers seep towards me and build up, I do exceedingly poorly in getting back up, all while Flandre says nothing. I know she hasn't left at least, because my sense for sex tells me there is a wondrous erection right by me, but the vampire is apparently forcing me to confront my own 'shame' and manage this myself. Well, if that's what she wants. I tug at an entrapped arm, which manages a remarkable amount of progress towards freedom – I find it worth remarking on how it doesn't budge at all.

Flandre's voice cuts back in, more muffled every moment as my ears are increasingly well plugged. “See? Shameful. Disgraceful. Can't even get up. You're just gonna have to prove you really want it if we're gonna keep going.” As I can't answer her with words, I instead choose to try and drag my head up. I get it to incline, attempting to follow where her voice came from to bore into her with confidence, regardless of all the grime preventing that. I must be at least a little on target, because I can hear clapping, filthy and far away as it might sound. “That's it! Show some spirit and we can do whatever you want!” For all I can tell, its a sincere cheering on – but I'm a little cum-drunk and having difficulty hearing besides. I clamp my mouth shut, to prevent the unfortunate, constant vomiting my overstuffed nature has been causing, resultant stream trying to shove my face back down. As strands continue to push through the tiniest gaps between my teeth all the same, I manage a little more progress, twisting myself upwards as much as can be done without either freeing or breaking my arms. The latter won't actually help with the former, so I just need to keep at it, to the intermittent coos of, “You can do it! C'mon! Push! Push!”

Pushing would not be helpful, but I do pull, and I twist, and I wrench. I could make this so much easier on myself if I just sucked everything in, but no. No, I'm not going to take the easy route; this is about pride at this point. Or at least about not having to slim up. With every wriggle, putting my back into it, I steadily shrug myself free of the ground's grip. It's painfully slow as a process, and simply painful besides, every centimeter fought for feeling like it'll come at the cost of dislocating my shoulders. I can't stop or relax for even a moment, because as soon as I do, everything I'm dragging with me will snap back down and undo all progress. My teeth stop gritting because I'm trying to hold anything in, sheer effort grinding them against one another through their white coating instead. I feel and even hear the strain of the connecting threads tying me to wood with any ground I gain, fighting against what seems like hundreds of clinging hands. In the midst of this grueling, tedious process, I reach an important milestone, as I feel my elbows tear out from beneath the seedy swamp. Along with meaning half of each arm is no longer encased, it offers me a new joint to work with. Far from fast yet, I nonetheless do pick up the pace, making sudden jumps that audibly stir up my body's contents. One by one, leap by leap, I eventually get not just my arms, but even my hands out, sitting up straight in spite of several mounting factors that insist I should just lay back down.

For my great accomplishment of straightening my spine – and, by consequence, trapping my legs underneath a heavy, distended gut – I am awarded aid. It may not sound like a lot to have my ties to the floor severed by what I assume are Flandre's nails, but the muck's hold is honestly more firm than a depressingly high number of partners I can call to mind, my current master included. “Almost there! Keep going! I believe in you!” I continue to receive almost saccharine encouragement, and if the one delivering it weren't a vampire, I'd be entirely convinced I'm not being mocked. The best I can do, regardless of how she means it, is to keep at it. So I do, planting my hands against the bog and shoving with everything I have. My head wings don't want to, weighed down as they've become, but I flutter them all the same, aiding my work now with magical flight. That proves to be the ticket. What was an ordeal is shown as surmountable, almost too much so at the end. I lift at a much better pace, freeing my legs from needing to support my swollen gut, but I can't quite stop myself once I'm excavated. I fly forward, and I was pointed at a vampire last I was sure of anything, which doesn't seem to have changed. Less of an issue when she's not even a tenth as fragile as she looks, because my haphazard, accidental headbutt doesn't so much as push her back. In fact she just takes it as good reason to rub my head affectionately once again. Her fingers pierce the amorous armor that's built up around me, sinking beneath white to run through hair, to deliver the happy reassurance of, “That's it, there you go. See? You can do it if you try. Doesn't that feel so much better than just laying limp and letting us handle everything?” I could try and convey an answer with only head shakes – or I could just continue to assert some level of control.

Much better plan, the latter. I right myself and flip around, the better to take her from my rear. I don't need to see to line myself up, its very thrum revealing to me its presence. Were that not enough, I suck up seed dribbling from nostrils like snot, taking a whiff of the room. Overwhelming and likely nauseous to most is the stench of a pond's worth of discharge, hot upon the damp air however long after its release; hiding beneath that is arousal's musk, unfaltering even after so many rounds, tracing in my mind a path right above it. With exceptional effort I take hold of ample ass, parting despite every protest the nut-based glue offers. Thus, with abundant confidence, I drive myself towards the ground. Shortly, one of the gaping, dripping holes below finds itself full once more, the teasing few inches I fall upon filling a colon already full in a meaty spray. I lift back up, nearly pulling off, then drop just a little further, angling back as I do. I couldn't force the vampire back if I weighed a hundred times what she does, but she obliges me and takes a step behind her all the same in time with the thwack of our meeting. Trembles take hold of my body for just a moment, no jizz so thick and dense it can properly replace a dick hard enough I can't dream of denting its girth. These trembles resurge as I rise and fall once more, 'knocking' my partner back with another impact. Step by step I fuck her towards the wall, gifted playful giggles on every movement. Sinking lower as she runs out of room to backtrack over, I'm nearly halfway down her as I finally feel resistance, hearing a thunk muted by its sopping nature. That'd be the wall.

It also seems to be her cue to finally take the arms she's made no use of, roaming them across my body, scooping away caked layers with sharp hands. Her head, undaunted in how it's being pressed, nuzzles the back pinning it. Her teeth come dangerously close to ripping me open as they munch away, clearing space enough for her to speak, faintly as her already weak voice might escape. “Do you want me to take over now? That was an awful lot of work.” I don't appreciate this attempt to be cheeky when she should be moaning into my skin, so I answer by crashing against her pelvis and crushing her against the room's edge. The little mewl which comes is closer to what I should be getting, but she has plenty enough fight left to keep at it. “I could just pick you up.” I could just beat myself against her crotch again, too. “Treat you like a toy again, just like you wanted.” She's my toy, and I'm the one getting off using her now, sloppily prying cock out of my guts and slamming it back in to even sloppier sounds. Try as I might however, I can't ram back with enough strength to empty her of air, even if I earn gasps. “You're making this way harder on yourself than you need to. You've done enough.” I have to say, as I try furiously to at least reach a pace that leaves her too busy groaning and sighing to do anything else with her mouth, that she's not quite as good at the taunting as her sister. It's the voice – doesn't quite carry that same easy elegance, insinuating superiority with every syllable.

Not that it makes me any less inclined to stop her. If one point of stimulation isn't enough, I'll just have to add another. Her mouth begins opening as my tail twists around, positioning itself, and the cry I get in return is sharp and pain-laced as it slips inside her muff, point meeting with cervix. There's plenty of pleasure besides, no shortage of masochism to be found. I bend and curl inside her on subsequent entries, seeking out every strip of flesh that gets her to constrict. I can feel the pulses running up her shaft when I rise, veins bulging out that little bit extra. A useful note for later. For now, I can just focus on how peaceful it is without her commentary, graced instead with everything from a whine to a squeal. Another prize makes itself known with each desperate downward plunge, a buckling of the knees below me; I know I can't possibly weigh enough for her to ever have difficulty lifting me, so this is a good sign I'm really getting under her skin. It's nearly enough to get my own knees knocking, piling more tinder on the fire of my loins, burning higher as the two of us sink lower. Eventually she gives out all at once, the two of us scattering seed to meet with floorboard as she's forced to ground by her own flaring lusts.

That leaves me with two mobility issues. The first is the sticky mess I've entrenched us in, and the second is the vampire arms squeezing the sphere I once called a stomach. It seems much like how a child might hold onto an extra large stuffed animal, only I believe those are usually fuzzy instead of sodden. I can barely make out contented mumbling in the middle of every other sound fighting to reach my ears, adding to the effect. Of course, her impression of an actual child is let down by how her hips begin to buck; less because a child couldn't be coerced to, and more because the thud betrays far too much involuntary power. I can't exactly make her stop, given she's holding me tightly enough to hasten my draining, so I just let her have this. It's getting just a little difficult to keep up a rhythm and maneuver my tail anyway. Letting her handle the thrusting leaves me entirely free to roam inside her nether lips, scratching at all the spots I've uncovered and making her squirm. Outside that canal, I flick over the tiny nub between slit and shaft, slowly teasing along it. But I'm not sure that either has more of an effect than where I'm touching her deepest. I can't quite brute force my way in, but that hardly means I can't earn access. The very tip of my tail works in circles, coaxing cervix and weakening womb, until there's a twitch I capitalize on. By the time the opening has snapped shut again, I'm in and having my fun. The spade I've slipped in slaps at her walls like a petulant unborn infant kicking for milk it can't yet be fed, prising screams I delight in hearing.

Given their intensity, I don't exactly need a succubus' senses to know what's coming – I have them all the same, which means that when I smack against those two mounds, reservoirs of cum more round than the breasts she should have, I know they're tensing and eager to spit. Soon after, I can feel her thicken from everything traveling up her to soon be in me. And then I'm hit by her orgasm. Contrary to what one might assume, being as full as I am does not make what comes feel like just a drop in the bucket – it's unleashed with gusto, and it's trying to tear my intestines out of place, regardless of any prior loads in its path. Gurgles come from inside me as everything shifts and shuffles around again to accommodate the newly added bulk. A fact registering somewhere rather distant, as I've joined her in losing myself for a time, not that I'm able to express it terribly well. Choked silent by filled lungs, webbed down by viscous ground, and hugged tightly into a bony frame, it might be difficult to spy it. I hold every confidence that Flandre is announcing her pleasure with enough for the both of us though, so I don't need to worry. I can't prove it, as she's finished by the time I come to, but there's more important matters to attend to. Like the perpetually erect thing that remains inside me, as the vampire breathes into my back. I can't see her smile, but I can feel it, in the sharp teeth that press against me. “I'm gonna be a little impatient, now, okay? Okay, cool.” She doesn't actually wait for me to answer in any capacity, and is just assuming I'm going to assent to her continued advances. She's right, but what if I thought I could do with something other than sex? Well, then I'd have clearly lost my mind, and the correct solution would be-

Probably something like that. In turning the tables on me and leaving me the one against the wall, she doesn't have to go step by step. Effectively, she just appears on the other side of the room, trying to squash me and doing a damned fine job of it. My mouth flies open, spewing one geyser, and I lose a significant quantity of my bladder and womb's contents to the two below – even her presence in my asshole isn't a perfect seal against treatment this rough. She no longer holds me by the stomach, hands instead digging into my ass, nails biting until they bleed. I'm probably covered in little scratches like that by now, which only serves to motivate me to keep this going. Not that it's my turn to have a say. I'm hefted overhead, one hand precariously holding me by a cheek while the other angles as much as her slightly too rigid length can. It's rapidly blinding her, given I am essentially a localized dispenser of grime, but she's trying to line up all the same. Her first attempt to tug me back down shoots off to the side, scraping me at best. Her second is much more on point, but nonetheless slides over me, not into me. The third time, she's got all she needs to know, and I've got more than is reasonable plowing my urethra in ways the hole was never meant for.

When I'm nice and secure, snugly stretching to her satisfaction, that leaves a hand of hers free. With a continuing trend of being rather bad at restraint, it slaps where it held me a few seconds prior. It doesn't leave a red hand-print; that would imply it only harms me where it falls. One half of my ass finds itself almost entirely cleansed of the gunk she's been dirtying my everything with, turned from spunk white to rash red, nearly on fire and feeling like it wants to tear off. Fuck, that's a spanking. It'd get me to yelp if I hadn't spent who knows how long without a single molecule of oxygen. It's hardly in a vacuum, either, soon followed up by a hectic surge of what passes for her hips. I'm hardly allowed to disparage them, the way they can strike me; if I didn't know any better, I'd swear she's trying to beat me back into normal shape. It would explain the position and the fact that, as she's getting going, she seems determined to put as much pressure on me as possible. Each withdrawal is deliberately slow, yet each insertion is thoughtlessly instant, shrinking my corpulent midsection in rains and rivers of seed. She whispers straight to the ear which her tongue runs along, delivering a few sultry words at a time. “I don't have to share...” I suppose she doesn't. Is that relevant, I wonder, in the moments I have before my bones shake once again following a dazing piston. “Which means I'm not gonna share...” I may have been more spot on than I thought. She's got me as alone as she likes save for one little fact. A fact that continues to diminish under her efforts, potent as they are. “Not even with myself...” Which means- “To make you look like that.”

Damnit, why are these vampires allowed to just pound into me before I can see it coming? It's like they're purpose-built to interrupt my thoughts with unexpected pleasure. … Why am I complaining, again? Why am I actively looking for reasons to try and be angry, in the middle of being ravaged against the wall like enough effort will demolish it? In truth, it probably would; the flab I'm losing as she speeds up and starts intermingling more slaps to a swiftly tenderizing rear end may be dwindling insulation. I guess I could try and gripe about how I like having my weight doubled by sheer volume of semen, but she means to fill me back up. And, in the mean time, why on any plane of existence would I bitch about how this is turning out? She beats against my bladder like she wants to dislodge it entirely, which feels about half as savage as she brutalizes my backside. She doesn't have to force me to continually regurgitate my stomach's impregnating contents, as it's a trial to hold my jaw closed. Her sister is conscientious enough to not ream me like she'd rather I end our encounter in giblets, so I can sometimes forget that's possible. Maybe I should ask Remilia to be less courteous next time. When I'm not wrapped up in this.

Manic is the best word for encapsulating the breathing coming from behind me. Flandre's no longer even guiding me with a hand; she just bucks upwards with obscene strength, nearly popping me off her turgid monster. Her freed appendage acts as something of a buffer against my flying off, doing so by choosing a tit at random to grip and kneading it wildly – the process is approximately one step below just flinging me towards the ground using my breasts. I would be less okay with this instinctual understanding of what I want, were I not enjoying it thoroughly. Holes that aren't even being speared quiver in anticipation, desiring this for themselves, wishing to try in vain to clamp closed against this onslaught. As they express their opinions, so too does the vampire. Her tongue laps at my neck, hastily cleaning a portion, inasmuch as anything in this room is clean. Then her fangs hover close – disconcertingly so, most might argue – every time I fall. “Hey.” A single word, scalding against my skin, in the opening she has. What follows comes in short spurts, no less intense than her intro. “I'm hungry, but, I gave Flandre three all the fairies for a month. I can have some, can't I? It'll help us go even longer...” Springing a choice like this on me in the middle of something like this is hardly fair; I'm far more inclined to just answer in the affirmative while I'm flailing from carnal excess. Oh, just-

Evidently, it was not a choice. I would call that more forewarning that she'd already made up her mind. Teeth puncture flesh, deep into muscle beneath skin, vampire's maw greedily sucking at the wound so created. Held in place against her, squirming but not fighting, I can feel the effects as she enjoys a meal that sounds as messy as it is grisly in this erotic pause. Two of these feelings are purely physical: balls I've worked to drain refill against me, while an already enormous erection proves it can try harder, when it wants. The third, however, is something I'm uniquely equipped to discern. An unholy surge in lascivious thoughts, libido tuned to overdrive. Mental note: ask Remilia why she needed help when blood does the trick. Or maybe I don't need to, as the erratic heaving of the vampire's chest has become something on the level of bestial. I don't need to see to picture the flared nostrils spewing steam in snorts. Arms fling back around me, and sure enough, I've thinned to the point that even they can wrap around me. Their intent in doing so is to twist me around so that I'm facing her, now that there's much less to get in the way of that. As for what is?

Well, when she pulls me against her like that, shoving my abused cavity nearly to the point it's level with my neck, she doesn't need any more help in squeezing the last remnants out of me. Nails meet and dig again, adding to the list of things I'm going to need to patch up when this is done, or quite possibly soon. That bite didn't get anything vital but it sure isn't shallow and I can't quite make myself care at the moment because she's chosen this moment to headbutt me. Wait, no, that was probably just a bit too much vigor in bringing our lips together; it seems like she wants to engage in a rather extreme version of snowballing. I'm far from disinclined to oblige, absentmindedly seeking out her tongue with my own, that they might meet amid these waves. Though it necessitates she doesn't simply wildly throw me around, she barely needs a fraction of her length to deliver a jarring jab. Combined with her crushing hugs, the well from which she's sampling begins to dry. Waves weaken and cease, downgrading to gushes, shrinking to spurts, and eventually becoming a trickle. At least until her arms roam just a bit higher, to my upper back. Is she going to- the fact that I'm finishing by vomiting up what was filling my lungs is proof that, yes, she's going to do exactly that. When she finally pulls back, far more than saliva connecting our entire faces, I can actually take on air. Polluted, grimy air, which would still drown me if my lungs were concerned about that, but air all the same. “You were quiet for long enough.” The fact that she can speak in even a shaky voice, with what I feel radiating off of her, is an astonishing feat. “You have something to say, right?”

There's one thing I need to say. It's the only important thing I could say, given the situation I'm in. A virulent, hacking cough of, “Stop... waiting... around...” I can feel her throbbing, unsatisfied need with only my body. Likewise, everywhere she's emptied feels... well, empty. They yearn. I yearn.

The only pause before her requital is the simple, heavy word of, “Good.” Then we go from wall to ground and I'm not sure if it's the wood splinters or the deforming thrust which finally brings me to my peak, but either is lovely. My bladder presently inhabits the region near my collarbone, and somewhere in the haze of pleasure, I have the random thought that the resultant swelling underneath my neck looks akin to a frog. When it is swelling. Having held it all in quite long enough, Flandre has set upon a frenetic pace in her own release, to the point it seems entire ropes can start at one end of me and terminate at the other. This is slightly concussing, as much as it bangs my head, which may explain why my eyes feel like they're swirling more than usual for an orgasm. Whatever croaks I can get out with the paltry breaths I took, they're absolutely drowned out by the cries that sometimes reach me through my own delectable delirium. The tide of proffered white is decentralized, spread over a huge area, and nonetheless forms a ridge down the middle of my chest. It's not just as much as her first ejaculation earlier, it seems like more, though estimating these things in the middle of my throes is difficult. Timely, then, that I come out of them, gasping and fighting for every scrap of air I can manage – a task made difficult by the vampire atop me who's hardly done, driving out breath I don't have. At least I can now rest entirely assured that she's firing more, as I wait for her to actually run dry in this go. It gives me time to clench a fist in an overly grandiose manner, which serves as an adequate replacement to a snap, so that I can mend myself in fire. A hunch assures me I won't be getting a long break. Sure enough, as a shivering Flandre collapses onto me, having refreshingly warmed my insides, she hasn't even bounced back before she asks, “Ready?”

I think this girl likes to ask a lot of rhetorical questions, because I'm not offered long enough to actually get a word in before I learn that my bed is sturdier than it looks, as it's somehow intact after we've transitioned to it. Which kicks off the latest in a trend I'm happy about, of lengthy sexual sessions which it would be absurd to try and detail every second of. The vampire makes good on her promise, and no matter how savagely she slams me around, she still manages to distend me all on her own, without the help of her clones. Orgasms come and go, in and out of sync. Her extended releases and refusal to slow down at all mean I undergo a lot of stirring as she's busy exploding inside of me, giving her a distinct upper hand in that regard. A less rational part of my brain tells me that I should fight fire with fire and try dosing her with aphrodisiacs to counterbalance things; the part able to think about anything other than cocks endlessly knows that I'd lose a week, if I even survived what ensued. I already need to find time to heal every half-dozen rounds, lest I grow too weak to actually keep up. Long before we're even close to done, I have reached the conclusion that whatever else Flandre is, she's exactly my kind of dangerous. I may or may not be able to rein her in, but until I know that, I'm just going to go in under the assumption that heavy-duty, animalistic rutting is going to be the end result of every encounter.

By the end of it all, when I am sore in spots I rarely get to feel sore in, I am not in the same position I was the last few times I ended up this disgustingly round. Which is to say, every single place that got fucked like there's no tomorrow isn't disgorging my hard-earned rewards. This is mostly because I'm on the ground, the ground is below sea level, and the sea is made of semen, under which I am buried. In truth, this is probably a minute or so after proceedings ended. I recall, in the middle of one last climax, finally feeling Flandre shrinking, having thus claimed victory. I had more in me. Have. Have more in me. Just... soon as I can pick myself up. I'm going to need to abuse my favorite post-coital trick several times, because once simply won't free me. I think we got up to knee deep? A few things are a blur, because the world gets blurry when you're zipping around at vampire speeds. Flandre might still be here. She might well have left. I can't say, from where I'm at. Worry about it in a minute. I'll worry about it, and what to do with any day I might have left, in a minute. 
Okay, I might take more than a minute to enjoy being hidden beneath an inordinate amount of cum for one vampire to produce. But it's just so cozy here, all warm and snug beneath this breeding blanket; I can hardly be blamed if I take the time to relax in it. I'd consider writing the day off and worrying about things tomorrow, honestly. Just revitalize the magic I'm using so I don't need to breathe and sleep under all of this. But I'm provided with a very compelling reason to not: a sensation, an aura, of immense and unrestrained sexuality. An assault upon the mind that speaks of a near insatiable appetite for the pleasures of the flesh. It reeks of an arrogant stench, steeped in pride and touting unparalleled ability to subjugate others. Peculiar that, despite this, it bears none of the frigid bite of sadism. Even the mansion's residents don't register this strongly to me, so whoever this is must have inhibitions well beyond negative. And anyone that boldly broadcasts themselves like this is someone worth meeting.

I wonder who it might even be as I set about freeing myself. It's not the right mindset for most incubi; I'd recognize one of those instantly. I shrink down and, consequently, drop essentially a slab of semen onto myself, its thud likely echoing above given its dazing impact. Maybe knee deep was a conservative estimate. As my eyes spin and I shrink again to keep sucking up seed, I consider that there's no major marker I recognize. That precludes most sorts of demons and devils that I might otherwise guess, and makes me think this isn't someone else my master's summoned for her project. Someone that lives in Gensokyo, probably? Is the wider populous just as lasciviously inclined as this mansion's members? I haven't gotten that impression, so I doubt it. This must be someone in particular. I don't know enough of the notable people that exist here to really offer a good guess, so I just need to excavate myself and go see. That takes another four rounds of letting progressively less collapse onto me, until at last, I have freedom. Standing up while I take in the air I've been doing without again, I find the knees were a really conservative estimate. This is past my waist; I must've taken some really fierce knocks to the head while Flandre and I were having fun to be this far off. Good thing I can just fly.

Before I set out, I take it upon myself to try and swipe clean the face of my clock. It takes a lot of rubbing, some picking, and a considerable amount of consuming, but I eventually unveil enough of it to figure out it's about half past four. In the afternoon, presumably, as time's exhaustion isn't mixing with exertion's, the latter fading by dint of sex being its origin. Satisfied that I still have something resembling a day left, I take it upon myself to get out of here. There's a road block or two in the way of that, however. I'm going to assume the cracks got gunked up whenever Flandre left, but regardless of the when, the whole thing is so glued into place I need to practically shoulder check the door to make it open. Even once I've thrown it open, that leaves me with the unenviable task of trying to close it behind me. Thick as this seed might be, it could eventually seep its way towards some bookshelf in the library, and I don't want that on my head. Getting it sealed back up is a matter of another round of shoulder shoving, until I'm fairly sure either that the door is in place or I have successfully re-gummed it so thoroughly that there's not much difference. I should be slightly more proactive in getting this cleaned. Which is to say, rather than assuming Sakuya will just handle it, I take a minute to dip my finger into what managed to escape and scrawl out, 'Clean please.' onto the door. Perfect.

Now, about that aura. It hits me all the stronger here in the library, and... in fact, I can feel it coming from further in. Was I wrong about her summoning someone else, or does she happen to have a friend that's her polar opposite? I'll find out, I suppose. Tracking them down isn't hard; they might as well be screaming my name like they've spent hours searching desperately for me. I can make a straight shot to them with minimal interruptions. It would be no interruptions, but I have to pause to kick off a fairy that gets a little too attached to me, to ensure she can't muck up my master's experiment. After the one, I just clothe myself to simplify things. That dealt with, an aerial jaunt sees me nearing the opening where Patchouli sets up shop. A rough voice, bordering on masculine, rumbles through the shelves as I do. “No, c'mon, for real though. Y'had me sitting here for hours by now. These things actually doing anything or were y'just pulling my damn leg?”

I'm just close enough to make out the dry, weary response of, “Yes, I am quite certain. We're nearly through, so remain patient another minute.” Well, that doesn't sound like my master's being friendly with them, which I'd argue rules out this being someone she likes. In that case, I just don't know what to expect. I -do- know that I -don't- expect what I see when I finally clear enough shelves to catch sight of the scene.

The woman casually reclining on the floor of the library is a giant, and very nearly a literal one; I think she may still be taller than I am even while seated. Paired with that height are bulging muscles from head to toe, enough to supply several bodybuilders with physiques they'd kill for. Her bangs are parted around a deadly sharp looking crimson horn that juts from her forehead, and those bangs are only a fraction of the wild head of blonde hair allowed to trail onto the floor. I'd be assuming this was a rare male for this place, were it not for the enormous bust which a clinging white shirt is straining to contain. Her arms are chained – or were, at some point – but it doesn't look like it ever did much to hold her in place, as only ruined scraps of steel hang off the manacles around her wrists. One of those once-shackled hands is holding an irresponsibly large saucer cup from which she's drinking what smells like sake. She looks neither drunk nor tipsy, in spite of the fact that there are clearly no less than a half a dozen gourds of the stuff next to her, and that's just the uncorked ones. Where my eyes really fixate, however, is her skirt. It's exceedingly long, colored a deep blue that borders on purple, and just slightly see-through – tantalizingly so. I can't fully make out what's behind it, but... I can make guesses. I can absolutely make guesses that get me salivating, especially if what I'm seeing is yet soft. She sniffs at the air as I touch down, and beats me to announcing my presence by glancing over. She beams more happily than it seems reasonable to on seeing me, belting out a hearty, “Koakuma! Yer finally back! Thought y'up and died or somethin'. How the fuck've ya' been?”

My previous encounter with Flandre is fresh enough that I withhold the curses I want to spew, mentally and otherwise, on being greeted like an old friend by someone I've never met. She's not at fault. I can just calmly explain I'm not who she thinks I am. “My name is Koakuma, yes, but I'm not the Koakuma you're thinking of. That was someone else entirely.” As long as she knows anything about summoning, that should-

“What, changing yer image or somethin', just 'cause this place went all no-sex for a while? Don't tell me they got to ya' with that dumb bullshit. Should've just come to my place when they did, instead. ” She shakes her head in disappointment as she finishes this, finding fault in decisions neither I – nor, likely, my predecessor – made. I'm just going to assume her level of magical knowledge is inversely proportional to her musculature.

“No,” I stress, as Patchouli casually spins Flandre's crystals around with a wave, muttering to herself. “I'm trying to say that you met a different succubus, who was also named Koakuma. We're entirely separate and distinct. Right, master?” If I get her in on it, this misunderstanding should be easy enough to clear up.

Without looking up from her work, the purple-haired woman responds with a listless, “It is up for debate whether you are 'entirely separate and distinct,' but I have noticed some discrepancies.” Thanks, master Patchouli. Thanks a bunch for that vote of confidence. Really helping me out here.

The thump of one of the giant's fingers tapping against the hardwood reverberates as she gives these statements some thought. Just how much strength is packed into those muscles? “So,” she starts, speech slow and uncertain. “Yer not Koakuma. Yer another Koakuma. But ya' look and sound like Koakuma. Despite not being Koakuma?” I breathe deeply through my nose and exhale the same way. It hits me with a pervasive, dominating musk, emptying my head of any thought but slobbering over every inch she might have for a moment. I pull back to reality, rather than make that reality. I need to make her understand.

With some measure of effort I keep cool, answering her, “Yes. That's right. I'm a different Koakuma, and we've never met before. Whoever you used to know, I'm not the same individual as them.” She still looks skeptical, one hand under her chin while the other doles great swigs of her drink.

When she's had her fill – enough to put a man under in one go, it looked like – she turns back over to my master. “'ey. It's been 'bout a minute, right? We done yet, can I get my ass up?” She receives no reply for several seconds, colors swirling through air around her.

Either of us is likely to speak up when the pause drags on, but we're both beaten to it by her enthused response of, “Yes, it seems like the copying process is functioning perfectly. I shouldn't need your cooperation any longer.” Not that she looks up from her magical data. I'm almost surprised she even smiles.

“Perfect.” The giant stands up and walks over to me. I swear I feel the faintest of tremors despite the fact she looks like she's taking exceedingly cautious steps. When she's within arm's reach – hers, not mine – she informs me, casually, “I'm gonna clap ya' on the back now.” What?

Oh. That's what. One second I am standing. The next second, I've smashed several floorboards and might have had my spine snapped if I weren't still under the effects of that spell to make myself more durable. What the actual fuck is this woman made of? I'm pried up by two fingers pinching my vest, getting me off the ground well before I'd otherwise have managed, and helping me actually look her in the eye besides. “Was there a point to that?” I wheeze, having lost more air than I can actually hold. Not that I'm complaining. I am formulating all the different ways this woman could ravage me and how much fun it'll be. But it seems a tad random.

“'Course there was,” she answers, like it's the most obvious thing in the world. “My Koakuma sure as shit knew to brace herself before I smacked her like that, so that means y'ain't her. Proves more'n any amount of talking's gonna.” That is a very hands-on, rather painful method of confirming things, and I can't disapprove. I don't expect her to drop me, so I don't catch myself, landing on the ground in a heap. Either not noticing this fact thanks to her vantage point or not caring, she carries on with, “Guess introductions are in order, then. Hoshiguma Yuugi's the name. Won't find a tougher oni anywhere, Gensokyo or not.”

I pick myself back up, just functional enough to manage. Being right in front of her emphasizes the fact that I'm at slightly higher than crotch height, and I wholeheartedly believe her claim. It's a bit pointless for me to introduce myself, so instead I take a few steps back, craning my neck to ask, “Is there a reason we haven't met before now, besides the obvious?”

“Is it obvious I ain't got much reason to come here when I ain't welcome just for sayin' I wanna pound ya' into the dirt?” Her frank question receives a quick nod, and a wave of her hand whips me with wind despite its lackadaisical nature. “Nah, then. Place got real boring real fast after that; gave up on trying when she didn't even come to visit.” She raises her 'cup' – more a giant, lipped plate for serving entire parties – but finds a reason to lower it before she starts drinking, asking in turn, “So why the hell are ya' a different Koakuma? What's up with that? Seems kinda stupid, if y'ask me.” A statement I can get behind, without any doubt, if for different reasons.

Rather than go into those reasons, I stab at the heart of the problem. I can get a serviceable answer out in a mere two flat words, “Blame Remilia.” She's in the midst of that quaff she was considering before, and the gulps before her answer give me enough time to reconsider and add in, for my own benefit, “Blame my master, too.” Doesn't even earn me a glance or a snide retort from the magician.

“That so?” Yuugi muses, ponderously tapping an earth-shaking foot. She glances over at my master, and then shrugs. “Well, ain't no fun in beating up a cripple, so I'll just have to take it up with the vampire when I see her again.” I kind of want to see that fight, actually. “Oi. You too. Why the fuck?” An accusatory finger accosts Patchouli, demanding an explanation out of her as well.

This, too, isn't enough to get her to look away from whatever she's doing with the copy of Yuugi now in her project. It does get a tired answer, at least. “I cannot sustain a succubus when doing so requires seclusion and distraction from my work. Obviously I had to dismiss the last one.”

In retort comes first a derisive scoff, and then a demanding, “So why didn't ya' just send her to me, huh? Even if this place decides to fuck itself up, y'ain't gotta just get rid of her.” She's offended on both her behalf on my own, it seems like. Or, at least, the behalf of the last 'me.' Both of us at once, maybe?

Her offense brings another sigh to Patchouli's lips, the magician dully replying, “Do you have even an inkling of the difficulties inherent in balancing a magical contract to allow a succubus to feed off of someone other than their master, especially in a place like Gensokyo?”

“Who the fuck cares about that?” the oni counters, steamrolling right over the fact that the answer is obviously that she doesn't. “Ya' seriously gonna tell me ya' just did away with 'er 'cause ya'd have to do some work to keep 'er 'round?”

Still eyeing her project, the magus takes on an authoritative tone and ripostes, “Yes, that is precisely what I've just stated. If you'd care to debate the matter of structuring clauses inside of a soul-binding contract, I could afford you five minutes to tear apart whatever asinine misconceptions you possess.” Not that I'm on my master's side, but from my estimations, she could probably manage it in three, unless Yuugi is exceedingly pigheaded. I like her thus far, but magically inclined she is not.

“Bah. Frigid bitch.” Nor is she that stubborn, letting the crass remark signal the end of pestering my master. She reaches around me to swipe up another gourd, ripping the cork out of it with her teeth before pouring plenty more into her chosen receptacle. It seems like a waste of effort, as by the time she's shaking it to make sure every drop is out of there, well... every drop is out of there. Why bother moving it, at that point? I'd ask about it, but I have a slightly more relevant line of inquiry.

“New question,” I quickly interject, before she can start demolishing this latest round of alcohol. “Did you just come here to help with my master's project?” The boisterous laughter that answers my question is impressive both in how swift and how loud it is, visibly getting my master to wince.

When it passes, she shakes her head, adding a blunt, “Nah, like hell.” She pauses for a small sip – also known as at least a glass' worth – and continues to explain, “I just let myself get roped into it. That angry maid came by and said I should visit, might see ya' if I did. Didn't have anything better to do, figured I might as well. Was honestly thinkin' she'd duped me 'fore ya' showed up. Busy day?”

“Hectic but leisurely. Flandre happened.” I say this under the assumption that it means anything to Yuugi. Which, in hindsight, it might not. Before I can amend that to less assume an occasional visitor is intimately familiar with someone that spends years hiding away, I receive a surprising retort.

Largely as it comes from Patchouli, an offhand, “You let Flandre happen. She's entirely capable of understanding consent.” Given the sidelong glance that the pile of books to her left receives, she takes some level of umbrage with my not having removed them by now. It's still yesterday's tomorrow, I'm not reneging on my promise that I'd get it done today just yet.

“I'll handle the books soon. They'll take me a long while.” They won't be so kind as to all have come from the same shelf. Accounting for travel time, remembering where I got each of them, trying to hold a half-ton grimoire in one hand while shoving aside the slanted tome overtaking where it used to rest with the other... I may have overestimated how much day I had left, actually.

“Got a better idea.” Yuugi cuts in now, grinning down at me from her towering position of not sitting. “I help ya' with whatever dumb book bullshit she's got ya' up to, then we have a bit of fun. What's she even need ya' to do?”

I point at the stack of books on the left, just as imposing as it was yesterday. “Those. I need to get all of them back where they belong. They're just kind of heavy.” In utter defiance of my statement, she stomps her way over to them, leaning down and scooping her fingers under one of two piles of a dozen. It looks weightless as she hefts it, balancing them all atop a palm nearly as wide as the absurd tomes.

“Ya' need me to rearrange the shelves, too, just lemme know. Wouldn't even have to take these paperweights off 'em,” she boasts as she does. She's just showing off to impress me and I have to admit that it's working wonders. I can hardly find a reason to turn her down. Visions aplenty run through my head of all the ways she could use me. I let my eyes wander to that skirt, barely hiding what must truly become a monster. I can read her desires like a book, but that cuts both ways. Cockily, she adds, “Looks like a yes to me. Ya' wanna point me to where they go?”

Do I? Do I ever. I fail to see a single downside to this. I guess I might fully miss out on a day I could be using to get closer to my master, but do I really, absolutely need every last one of them? Well, yes, actually, I likely do; but nothing says I can't allocate some of them to keeping my spirits up. A day away from these concerns, just to relax and be fucked until I should be a ruined, gaping mess. That hardly sounds like a bad idea. In fact it sounds like a wonderful idea. I'm most of the way there, and I'll get all the closer if I just let the words come out of my lips.

Thus I do, smiling oh so brightly and sincerely as I answer a cheery, “I'll show you where they go and then we can have some fun.” The dozen books Yuugi's already holding are set atop the other pile, stacked now precariously tall; yet they don't topple as she lifts it all. I'd imagine they want to, however. So does my master, seemingly.

“Do not drop them,” she stresses, not entirely appreciative of the display of balancing prowess. The spines probably wouldn't take kindly to falls from the heights we'll be at, admittedly, so it's concern that's warranted. Not that the oni thinks so.

Entirely dismissive is the response of, “It'll be fine, I ain't gonna spill 'em.” This does nothing to allay concerns, but I don't think anything will aside of showing back up to say we're done and her tomes are fine. Yuugi's already heading off, considerate enough to clear some distance before she starts flying, and I take after. Turning to look at me, not even focusing on the stack of books that really should need some attention, Yuugi asks, “So, what're ya' thinkin'?” A lot of things, actually, some of which aren't even related to what she really means. I'll start with those, rather than gush about how I want to see and feel her breaking my bowels.

“What's up with the bowl?” I ask for starters, as I hurry to catch up so I can read what it is I'm even returning. That initially doesn't get more than a bemused raise of the eye, giving me enough time to figure out roughly where all these things should go and point into the distance. “Most of them should go about there. And I mean why do you bother pouring your drink into it. Kinda pointless, isn't it?”

“Oh, that. Nah, there's a point to it. Two of 'em, even. The first is that this here's a high-grade sake dish. Pour any drink into it – even the cheapest swill – and all of a sudden it's top-shelf stuff. Y'wanna try some?” On the one hand, I can't be entirely sure how strong the stuff is; for all I know she's just immune to getting drunk, as a perk of her heritage. On the other hand, one sip can't down me. I think.

What really tips the balance of consideration is the assumption that even if I K.O. myself, she'll probably just start doing things to my unconscious body that I'll feel. She definitely wouldn't let it stop her, and couldn't deliver the books, at that point. So, with courage, I declare, “Yeah, sure. I'll have some.” I can feel the approval even before her speech as we pause our search.

“That's the spirit,” she encourages me with. “Let's get a bit in ya'.” Bringing the rim to my lips, she leans it forward. I should maybe have specified what value 'some' entailed, as I think we have two different definitions of it. I get my sip. And then I get another. I get a few more, throat starting to burn like I'm downing liquid fire. I'm going to give her the benefit of the doubt and assume its taste is amazing, but at the rate I have to swallow to keep from spilling, I don't exactly get much time to savor it. I really would rather remain conscious and in full possession of my faculties, so when it keeps going and seems like it's not going to end until I end it, I pull back. Evidently she was waiting for this, as she manages to stop dispensing without even staining my vest. That, or oni have their own sixth sense for alcohol related matters. “Not bad, eh? This is just the shit I can get in bulk. Y'oughta see what it does to the already quality booze.”

I'm not really a connoisseur of alcohols, but thankfully, heat isn't something that tends to bother me. If nothing else, I don't choke or sputter the way I otherwise might. I'm not sure I'm adequately qualified to rate the effects of her dish regardless, so I opt for the diplomatic response of, “I don't think it'd feel this potent, then, if it weren't doing something.” Keeping stride, I follow with an earnest, “So, what's the other reason for it?” I would like to know. I'd also like to gloss over my lackluster sake review.

As a demonstration, she shifts around the dish of sake with a flick of her arm, leaving it resting on only fingers. I'm not sure I quite see the point, looking to her to explain further. Her chosen method of doing so is to retract half the fingers she had it sitting on, middle and pointer fingers now all that's supporting it. Okay, that is getting to be something of a feat, but is it just for showmanship? I assume so when she retracts the middle finger, one single digit keeping the whole thing afloat. “Pretty good sense of balance, right?” The question actually lacks the smug self-assurance that she all but oozes.

It's all quite dexterous despite her appearance as a solid slab of muscle, I have to admit. Still, “While that may be the case, I'm not seeing it. Do you really need more ways to show off?” An amused chuckle follows in the footsteps of these words. Not that, then, though she's still grandstanding; I will say that the point at which she's got it on only a fingernail is the point at which I am actually inclined to start applauding, stopped by the fact that she just keeps going.

“Y'see,” she says, not actually watching herself work, “I'm kind of basically impervious.” With this explanation, she swings her hand around, alcohol sloshing inside the saucer, without a single drop actually slipping over the edge. She brings it back into place quicker, twisting on her little fulcrum to keep it steady as she does. “Makes fights get a little old, right? So I came up with a solution.” In a maneuver that would have my master shrieking, she tosses her drink up just a tad while letting go of the books. They barely have time to register gravity before she's snapped around, catching them in the other hand, the one which was supporting them now the nail holding up alcohol aplenty. That, for sure, is worth clapping over.

As the light impacts ring and echo, I suggest, “They win if they manage to get you to drop the bowl, then?” as the natural conclusion of what she's saying. A disbelieving puff of air comes from pursed lips thereafter, leaving me further off than I'd expect. “Seriously? What, not good enough?” I ask in disbelief, wondering exactly what she does to level the playing field with this, then.

“Not even close,” she answers with a shake of her head. Skyward the bowl is again sent just a little, so she can hold it by its edge now. Thumb and pinky hold just the top of the container in the most limp looking grip I can imagine, nonetheless keeping it level and steady. “Go on. Take it. I'm barely holding it, right?” Not that I don't know I can't, but I make the attempt anyway to see exactly how insane it is. I try to shove it downwards and it doesn't budge. I try to wrench it outwards and I don't even see her arm tense in fighting me. I extend a hand, telling her to pause for a second, dropping to the ground so I can aim an inverse dropkick with about as much speed as I can put behind my magical flight; I manage to make my feet sting, and that's about it. “Y'wanna keep going?” It would be an arrogant question, if we weren't both certain I could try all day without making any progress.

Rather than spend a few minutes doing so and trying so hard I cause injuries I'll have to waste energy healing, I concede. “You win. It's not moving.” That said, I can't help but point out, “I don't think it's very impressive to be stronger than a succubus, though.” That earns a concession of itself, in the form of an inclined head.

“Probably not, nah. Y'got a vampire on hand for me to prove I can still do it to 'em?” I don't. She's also carrying an approximate twelve tons on her other hand lazily, so I'm not really going to fight her on the matter. Her entire existence sort of proves her point, thus I just shrug. Spying a book askew, I wave her down and, sure enough, one of the missing tomes goes here. While we sort out actually pulling that one from the stack – that is to say, while we go to ground so we won't drop them all several stories – she takes initiative to explain, “How it actually works is if they get me to spill a single drop, I'll give 'em the victory.”

On second thought, that does make more sense than what I suggested. She could still drop one of those gourds, and probably balance one, too. Much harder to spill something from a container several feet tall once it's been at all emptied. Having established this, the next point of order is, “How much does that actually help?” By now I rather expect the noncommittal noise that comes as she plucks the book up and goes to put it in the obvious gap.

The actual reply to follow is a distinctly unenthusiastic, “Kinda depends.” Gingerly tapping a spare finger against her saucer, she eventually adds, “Maybe gets me half a dozen people I can actually have a good scrap with? All the magical light bullshit doesn't help, either.” I'd think that it actually would, as she should probably be less resilient to the magic. But maybe she just isn't fond of the spellcard system. Actually...

As we float back down to collect the pile and continue our search, I grow a smile, an idea forming in my head. “Is Meiling on that list?” I ask, as outwardly eager for the answer as I am inwardly. The crack of a clicking tongue is hardly a promising start.

Nor is the disappointment behind her tone much better within the response of, “Just a bit shy, really. Better'n most, since we can actually go fist to fist, but still lackin' a bit of oomph, y'know?” That's not as bad as I was thinking. In fact, that might well be perfect. I can work with that. “Come to think of it, actually, been a while since we had a match, given I stopped comin' to visit...” She's even thinking what I'm thinking. A part of it, anyway.

“Why don't we fix that?” I suggest, licking my lips at the thought. I'm already continuing by the time she's raised an eyebrow in piqued interest. “Maybe what you need there is another handicap. So you and I can have a bit of fun, while you two have a bit of fun.” Every word I speak broadens her grin, until it looks like her mouth's wide enough she could swallow me whole, deep guffaws casting it open.

“I fuckin' missed this,” she says, throwing an arm around me and squeezing nigh on too tightly for a moment. “This is the kinda shit even the oni back home don't think of. I'm gonna steal this one. You sure we gotta bother with this book nonsense?” Unfortunately, yes, we do, as I sort of want to not be dismissed for shirking off the few duties I have.

That said, my answering nod needn't be too heavy with grief. After all, “I think we could speed this up a little. I'll go find where to put them and shout for you; just follow after as fast as you can while balancing them.” It'll cut into our ability to chat, yet I think the both of us would rather get down to business. And by think, I mean know, as I can feel the welling tide of lust that boils to the surface and threatens to explode. I don't even need to wait for her affirmation; I just speed off, rapidly scanning for where a book is clearly missing. Up aisles I skim, blitzing to and through every row that may have once held a grimoire in need of return. Yuugi keeps closer behind me than seems reasonable, but the obvious and resounding crash of dropped books remains absent; all that comes of it is the work progressing that much faster. It ends up taking longer to find the right shelves than it does to get a book – sometimes even two, when we're lucky – onto them. Makes me wish I usually had an assistant, I could save myself literal days. If they could follow after me while balancing enormous piles of books that would want desperately to fall to the ground and maybe this really only works because it's this oni specifically. I'll just have to not get used to it. By the time every tome is in its proper place, I'm not entirely sure how long has passed in the rush, but I'd say thereabouts of an hour – which is a great improvement over a task that likely would have marked the end of my day otherwise.

One final detour awaits before we can go rope Meiling into participating with us. That would be my master's workspace, where we aren't so much greeted as acknowledged by a glance. “I didn't hear them falling through the floor, so go on, then. Leave me be.” Not the friendliest of receptions, but hardly surprising, given she looks focused. We have plans anyway, so it's hard to be offended. The only reason thereafter that we're not off immediately is that Yuugi takes the time to swipe up all her gourds, slipping their tops into loops on her shirt's back at alternating heights. They interlock with one another to almost look like some sort of armor, as though she'd need anything of the sort. With that donned, Patchouli has her peace, and we have someone to recruit.

While the main entrance doors are large enough for her, exiting the library requires ample amounts of ducking and twisting to get her out without simply tearing a hole in the wall. Not that Sakuya couldn't fix that, but it's rather unsustainable as a practice somewhere there's not a maid with infinite time. Good, then, that we arrive in front of the mansion without rubble and splinters dusting her clothing. Meiling is not in the middle of making use of my external aid as we float over the walls, but the scent of cum is still on the air, as are the passions that reach my senses. I can assume she's appreciated the new trick some of the fairies learned. Not that the other red-head can really smile any brighter to see us. “Finally done, Yuugi?” she asks the giant, greeting me with a wave as she does.

“Finally's a good word,” the oni agrees, distaste for the process clear enough in her voice for just a moment. There's plenty of cheer besides, however, enough I reflexively brace myself when her arm rears back. Sure enough, my wave to Meiling is interrupted by a clap that slides me forward a good foot and digs my heels into the ground. “Got to meet the new Koakuma, though, so I'd say it was worth it. She's got some pretty good ideas, too.”

“And what are those?” Meiling inquires towards specifically me, turning to offer a look that seems more intent than it needs to be. She's not usually with Remilia in the interest in sexual plans camp; I may be getting judged again.

Not that I'm sure why, as I'm happy to report our collective plan. “Yuugi said you two haven't had a fight in a while, so I thought you should. While she's railing me, just to make it a bit more even, and a lot more fun.” Well, I didn't expect the idea would light her world on fire. She doesn't have to look disappointed, though.

“It might balance things out,” Meiling admits, not wholly appreciating that fact. “And it would give me someone to have a proper sparring match with...” Really, the sigh hardly seems necessary. “Are you sure I can't talk you both out of it?” she asks, looking between the two of us. She definitely takes some issue with the idea.

I open my mouth to speak, and the words I attempt to say disappear beneath Yuugi's booming laughter. Rather than try again, I let her continue brazenly into, “Y'try and say 'no', I'm just gonna slam 'er on my cock and start smashing my way through yer mansion 'til ya' gotta come stop me anyway.” It's a very effective threat, considering that even Meiling has to look well up to look Yuugi in the eyes. Then she looks down to me for a more reasonable response.

And, strictly speaking, it's very reasonable to ask, “Does it look like I could stop her?” Her arms are at least as thick as my torso is wide, and they're even stronger than they look. What exactly would I even do against an attempt to grapple me? Fly in the opposite direction and learn she can fly just as fast, if not faster? Well, no, because I'd absolutely let her; besides, I don't think she'd get as far as ripping the iron gate off its hinges and throwing it through a wall before Meiling relented.

She definitely won't, as the gate guard resignedly shakes her head, giving up on the frankly silly notion that there's a reason for this not to happen. “Alright,” she says, sounding unnecessarily defeated; I may need to figure out what the deal is when we're done here. “We'll have our match, then. Prepare yourself.” She does the same, stance squaring and arms taking to the ready.

Yuugi's knuckles pop one by one as she runs her thumb along them. She looks not at her opponent, but to me. “Well?” the oni asks, arms indicating the whole of her body. “Y'heard 'er. Why don't ya' help us get ready, Koakuma?” She certainly doesn't have to ask twice. She doesn't even have to ask once. I'm very interested in seeing what she looks like, free and readied.
I'll not be needing these clothes that up and vanish, and she's not going to be needing hers, either. She handles shrugging off the shirt, while I work on sliding down the skirt. As I do, I keep what I'm revealing a surprise for when it's fully exposed. Instead I focus on what's in front of and above me – which leaves plenty to focus on. Hair in spades sprouts from the crotch just below my vision, a tangled mess obfuscating the base I might otherwise catch sight of. My fingers spare a moment to run over abs closer to metal than to flesh, a dozen in total, six seemingly not enough to express her might. They run up against and hide behind a bust even more vast than it first seemed, her garb having done an adequate job of constraining them, somehow. The fact that I can reach them at all, standing upon the tips of my toes to bite and to suckle, says more about their heft than it does my height. Spied behind them, underneath upraised arms, are two more patches of unrestrained blonde hair. A fact which vanishes underneath the flutter of cloth swaying in gravity's hold, and especially given the slap my nethers suddenly receive. But not from roaming hand nor from prying knee, oh no. The bruising blow gets me to look down, licking my lips all at once. “What do we have here?” I ask rhetorically, lust suffuse in every word.

What we have here is a marvel, doubtlessly, able to easily strike fear into the hearts of lesser sluts. Near to where it sprouts, its girth seems almost manageable by some – but it slowly expands until reaching its midsection, whereupon it's more akin to a weapon than a sexual organ. In fact, rising to a dome-like, oozing head, its shape is rather reminiscent of something one might bludgeon with. The nubs – effectively blunted spikes – that disfigure its surface hardly do anything to dismiss this notion, quite possibly still capable of crushing their way through any armor. The whole thing pulses like one enormous vein, growing more full of life with each new stream of blood to pass through it. Even now, still extending in anticipation of what's to come, its length eclipses even one of Meiling's behemoths. And, of course, beneath it, there is only virility itself. Were she not so imposingly tall, surely her sack would trail along the ground as she walked. I can almost imagine its reserves to be infinite.

But I don't have time to gawk and gape. Even as I take in the sight of it, I take its position, square against my cunt, as invitation to slide along it. It can't lubricate itself at the moment, as even rising to meet me below leaves it angled heavily downward. But I can do the job myself with vim, drenching it in juices, particularly hefty spurts coming whenever I run over a bump that pierces inside and jabs at something sensitive. Quivers of desire combine with low moans, while behind me a ravenous growl sounds from the oni topping off her drink. The dying trickles of sake being poured herald intent, and that intent is Yuugi's, cock slinging upward again and interrupting my ministrations. I'm cast into the air as she drops a gourd, hand swinging to catch and stop me. A sultry whisper of, “I think that'll just about do.” meets my ear as I'm held, followed shortly by a coarse, “Why don't ya' pick where y'want it, y'little whore?”

I'm set free to choose, dropping to rest on that monstrous shaft, her lower head standing higher than my own, even while she continues to engorge. How can I not want it everywhere, to be filled from all sides by it, until there's less of me inside myself than there is oni? But as I have to pick one, it seems like keeping things simple will give me a better view of the action. Floating upwards, positioning myself, I settle my slit above what looks like it should never fit. I know it will, though, and I know what's coming – I see it from a mile away, unlike when the vampires do it. I get as far into my teasing query as, “Why don't you-” before it hits.

And it surely hits. Yuugi's free hand rests on my head to stop me slipping away, while her hips thrust upwards lazily. 'Lazily', for her, is enough tear apart the very idea of resistance, and bury about half a foot of phallus into me. Punching aside my guts and lumpily expanding my stomach like I've already been well-seeded, it replaces what I meant to say with a squeal, singing a duet with the oni's groan. Her followup is a cocky, “Thought y'might need a bit of help gettin' it in.” Well, if that's how she wants to play it, then I'm gonna have to take Meiling's side in the upcoming fight.

I have two answers to her arrogant assumption she's too wide for me to force in on my own. The first is to spread my cervix and drop myself deeper onto her, furthest reaches crushed unevenly; the second, once each of us trails from voiced pleasure, is a bold, “I think I can handle you just fine.”

The chuckle that first responds is hearty and deep, a prelude to a cheerful, “Good answer, that!” Thus she nestles me safely inside her bosom and while it's hardly perfect – even she'd have to lean up to kiss me right now, as I'm raised up quite high – it should insulate me against any body shots. Properly prepared now, Yuugi turns us to face Meiling, whose stance has held firm through this all. “Think we're 'bout good, here.” One hand holds aloft her drink; the other beckons the gate guard. So it begins.

A nod. A half second's pause. A rush of wind as Meiling blasts forward, whirling in a sideways kick aimed straight for the dish. But Yuugi and I twirl into the air as she flies past us, a scattered rainbow of projectiles spiraling after the lack of impact. The oni doesn't even take the moment to capitalize, instead dragging my head down to lock lips. Her tongue penetrates deep into my throat, filling it more than some entire erections have. Swirling, jabbing, drenching my mouth with excessive amounts of saliva, she doesn't even care to break it as Meiling remarks, “How brazen!”

What, exactly, transpires – well, that hides behind Yuugi's face, pressed against mine. I hear a flurry of rough impacts, colorful bursts of light just reaching my eyes. What I focus on, however, is trying to unbalance the oni. Inside my snug domain I knead at the mounds entrapping and protecting me. Past meeting lips, I reciprocate, snaking around the invader to play inside her own gullet. And, naturally, my cunt grinds, accepting more of her and finding itself prodded by protrusions, drilling into me at random. I shiver as moans disappear into her mouth, eventually freed as the kiss suddenly ends. “Y'even tryin'?” Yuugi taunts, foot flinging upwards.

Meiling's arms cross in a block as she hurls out of the way; I assume it saves her a few hundred feet at least, but she still goes rocketing into the air even before the massive fiery orbs chase the grazing kick. She sort of needs to stop the out of control spinning before she can arrest her momentum, and that leaves private time. Repeating the earlier trick, only with a bit more showing off, a finger against my head holds me steady, leaving her free to thrust up into me. Sheer girth and her unique anatomy ensure that, rather than pull out of me, she simply pulls me down on her downstrokes. She's clearly taking it slow and easy, opting to only insert a little more at a time. In spite of this, my whole body shakes with each movement, bones jarred like this alone might dislodge them. “Oh... fuck... me...” I breathe out slowly, several clouds past the ninth.

“That's the idea,” Yuugi answers, grin full of confidence. She doesn't even pause her work to spin 'round, just enough the whistling axe kick that drops out of the sky misses the cup. Crashing in a cloud of grass and dirt, the crater briefly explodes with vibrant hues before the bullets inside fade and the martial artist dashes out. She forces some respect out of the oni, strikes coming in blurry combinations of fists; an enormous hand has to cover the sake, all while ceding ground so one can't reach around to disturb the dish. Anchoring myself, I fight alongside Meiling, pulling upwards as much as I can; I feel how my extended canal is pried out by the attempt, glued to Yuugi's length. The slam I manage to set up with this lends a lustful tinge to the goading, “C'mon! Almost working for it!” Yet it doesn't stagger her the way it does me, organs jumbling and twisting around the dulled spikes. Chaos wreaked internally, I spasm, vaguely conscious of the Chinese girl flipping herself over the defensive hand.

By the time I'm more focused, it's clear this was ill advised. I feel us whirl around again, and then trees nearby begin to splinter. To her credit, Meiling is trying to use them to stop, but her feet plow through the wood instead, as rapidly as she's moving. It suddenly occurs to me that I am not actually resilient enough to back up my earlier claim right now, and I quickly snap my fingers in a more potent spell. This comes just in time for my lungs to shove out of the way, pressed flat against the muscle of my back. My teeth grit as it feels like I've had a sledgehammer shoved, hammer end first, into my chest cavity. The dick responsible retains its iron grip on my muff's walls, the very motion that put Yuugi inside of me simultaneously working to drag them out. I'm not sure that I should, but I could get used to this. Another comes, as the dozenth tree in a row finally holds firm, prising a delighted hiss from my lips. From the oversized oni, it earns a hot and heavy breath; I catch her eyes closing for just a moment, bliss washing over her. That one's her mistake.

The tree that had held up no longer does, as it's been used to rocket towards us. The crack of it snapping is nothing compared to the crack as the palm strike lands, right on Yuugi's face. My ears pop, bleeding from the thunderous impact, a gale summoned by the qi-infused blow. Even the oni's head snaps back from the overwhelming force, likely catching some of whatever magic was conjured behind. “Got you!” Meiling shouts, gripping with those same fingers and swinging herself around to go for the killing blow – only to find the alcohol ducking under her sweep. Rather than be flung again, she lets go and flings herself, hurtling over the drink. Yuugi's efforts have been paused long enough for me to catch the ripples brought by whipping wind, casting droplets into the air. A swing of the dish does the job of landing each and every one whence it came, as best I can tell. As best Meiling can tell, too, casting a heavy breath of her own, more of disappointment.

Yuugi, however, chooses raucous laughter, head snapping back into place. “Pretty fuckin' good, there! 'Bout felt that one!” she calls as her opponent comes to a stop. The oni's breath doesn't come heavy; her pulse has hardly quickened any more than it needed to harden her. I may have failed to estimate exactly how absurd a category she belonged to, if this isn't even working her up. My pondering on what level of nonsense this can reach vanishes, overwhelmed by the tug I receive. That it leaves my legs in their sockets is amazing, almost as much as the sensation of my brain rattling; that would be the tip of her prick crushing itself against the base of my neck. I haven't quite felt myself with the bush that represents her base, either. The path to get air up or in is rather twisted, but I scream in ecstasy all the same, however strained it comes out. Strained enough it's drowned out by the oni's guttural cry of, “Think I'll take a turn!” Each of those words assaults me with pulses of obscene carnality, the most concrete hint she's at all approaching release.

We speed forward with enough vigor I'm pressed further down, much as it may seem there's nowhere left to go. By my own efforts of angling, this leaves her scraping the back of my head rather than stuffing my womb up my mouth. Thus I'm able to pant with cheeks flush, and also see Meiling start to fly away as soon as Yuugi's begun to move. It's just enough the wide back-hand goes under the guard, sparing her its fury, the buffeting air in its wake, and the resultant fans of green spheres. I'm not quite sure which sloshes more – the booze which is somehow staying where it's supposed to, or the precum filled womb pressed against steely skin. I think it's a moment to strike, but so does the oni, still; it seems to work out in the end. While it's not truly of my own volition, the uppercut she transitions her slap into carries us upwards, and that does the trick. Senses working in the back of my mind assure me that the length of dick which has rocketed past my head is more than most are endowed with, as I finally receive the hefty sound of ass meeting with crotch, scarcely muffled by her hair. It brings Yuugi to sharply inhale, and I'm privy to the spark that runs up her, as much physical as it is mental. Her fist goes well off course, but from what I can tell in my delirious haze, it was already being dodged. All the same, the distant sound of triumphant declarations signal victory, and the combat's end.

Or so Meiling might have thought. We jolt sideways, the moment of weakness passing before the retributive strike lands – the bright, swimming spots which blinded my vision likewise fade, letting me see the shoulder check that the guard receives, right above the outstretched leg. Twisting downwards, Yuugi sends her plummeting towards the earth, which again dustily disperses as it gives way, lashing waves of amber chasing the Chinese girl into the pit she was used to create. “What was that 'bout me bein' distracted?” the oni calls down. She may act like she's not at all affected, but I hear it. The lascivious undertones that speak more of the sex than of the fight, even as she casts laughter towards the obscured figure. Throbs run up her shaft, further contorting me within. My spleen feels like it's somehow ended up where my heart should be, that in turn sinking to hide behind where my pulverized womb would, in theory, rest. Bones meant to insulate willingly part, ribs split open like the cunt being speared. We descend, and a foot raises ominously, set to further crush Meiling into the dirt. In an inverse of sense and reason, thrusting hips catapult me upwards at the same time, tearing me from myself as much as they loose her length; it is their drawing back, that which should remove her, dragging me down to receive everything I was missing, pelvis trying its utmost not to crack. I'm unsure if the slow speed of our descent is more to do with menacing the guard or keeping the sake stable, and the ravaging this flinging brings about makes figuring it out near impossible. “I know y'ain't done yet, so get yer ass up and-”

The taunting request is answered by the martial artist launching, clothing torn in a number of places. Her upraised foot shimmers, wreathed in rainbow as she weaves around the prepared stomp; striking upon the underside of Yuugi's sake-bearing hand, the gathered power releases in a disorienting flash. Dazedly, I register some shout underneath the ringing of my ears, but it's as good as wasted on me. Unsure exactly what's going on, I do the only thing I really can do: distract. Whatever effect this has on the oni, I try to best it, taking this moment to line myself in liquid pleasure using what remains of my sense. Content that must surely have done it, I retire comfortably to bliss, one final nether-wrecking impact sending me over the edge. Mangled and tangled as my insides are, indulgent cries die in the throat, crawling past my lips with what little strength remains. Attempts at thrashing by and large fail, trapped between tits as I am, erratic throes unable to fight those confines. Poisonous, tainted juices spew below, slathering gargantuan orbs full of sperm in enough liquid lust they must surely desire nothing but to empty. The void of reason I am allowed to enjoy is extended, carnal release eclipsing all for as long as it lasts. It's only as my mind begins to claw its way to the surface, and things outside my own body and its satisfaction meet with me again, that I come to a few realizations. The most immediate is that I don't feel as though my weight has doubled. Another few seconds while I try and force the echoes of climax down reveal a boom that should only really come if the fight is still on. Were that not telling enough, it's followed by a haggard, winded, “Why won't you give in already?!”

Every other tone in the response finds itself drowned by singular desire. “'Cause y'ain't... fuckin'... won... damnit...” Contrary to Yuugi's words, the desire ruling her is not victory – that doesn't so much as stalk behind boundless need for it to end. Turbulent testicles tell a tale of restraint gone overboard, mastery of muscle alone keeping me from the filling I am owed. Why won't this woman give in and bloat me already?

Not that Meiling doesn't seem to teeter on a similarly precarious precipice, as my eyes finally force open to see her state. Calling her clothed still would be generous, and she's bent half over like staying conscious is an ordeal, despite a lack of visible wounds. Her stance is sloppy her sway is more unease than anything, but she casts lidded eyes over all the same. “You're in no shape to continue this. Cede, Yuugi!” She doesn't expect the weary demand will work, which is why she leaps into the fray, closing what distance was left. Speed, power, accuracy, it all seems to have vanished while I was out. If one didn't know any better, they'd think her an amateur, slowly chaining between punches and elbows.

Not that her opposition moves like a champion. The surprisingly agile twirls and dodges have all but vanished in favor of abusing the utter bulk that fends off attacks merely by existing. A single lapse in concentration, and the floodgates will open. I don't even know that the giant's exhausted so much as she's in danger of being the one to drop her drink. “C'mon... that... all... y'got... y'weak... little...” Her breath comes in huffs, the exhalation of every word more taxing than the last, until she can't even manage them. I sense intent to thrust, but her hips refuse to obey, lest it undo her. Surges strike below, momentary lapses before the river dams itself. Unfortunately for her, I'm now fresh, even as full as I am. It'd take more than idling inside me to leave me senseless, no matter how ridiculously endowed she happened to be. So my hands raise.

I work them out of the mounds which enveloped me, wrapping around the jutting horn, which I start to pull myself up by. I may not be senseless, but that doesn't mean I'm not still high on the frankly destructive amount I'm full of, slipping out bit by bit. Inarticulate grunting is my reward for taking it upon myself to keep the sexual portion of this fight afloat, the oni's guarding arm lowering in turn. Throwing my arms, I accept her once again to the hilt with less speed than I'd hope, stymied by her chest. It manages to work all the same: she cracks. A shot of seed rips into me, flying the length of her cock in an instant and trying to tear through me like some kind of bullet. One single, titanic burst, enough to flood most wombs to capacity. It tastes of every alcohol known to man at once, seeming in its release to be so much booze I should spend the next week in a drunken haze... yet, these drinks should not be on the rocks. Jizz burning so hot should not, to my tastes, be this cold. But it is, the reason being the simple closure which is forced. Even now, she drags her composure back. Honestly baffled, I weakly growl out a demanding, “Just let me have it already!”

Meiling gets it instead, Yuugi's blocking arm effectively falling over, which counts as a blow in and of itself. “When... she's... down...” The inelegant arm drop does help with that; the guard doesn't have it in her to really evade it. But Yuugi can't concentrate enough to make it a strike proper, weight all there is behind the attack, for want of a better word. A lot of weight, but buckling knees don't fully give out, just spied as I pull up again.

Raising once more means I have to fall again, and I do, distending my very back as I sink to her base with a thud. Three responses, all at once. The first: wordless ecstasy. The second: her arm sinking to the side, shrugged off. The third: another fecund torrent, filling me and swelling the grievously misplaced cavern. Yet even as the oni spasms and sprays inside of me with such volume I sag onto myself, she stops. Damnations upon her there is a point where pride begins to get in the way and this is it. My partner in this duel agrees. “You can't call this fighting any more! Give up!” Pulling her legs out of the divots they've dug is taking time and effort, keeping her from even reaching the bowl that represents her target, kept safe largely by the height and reach of its owner.

A state I will not stand for. I know I'm only getting trickles – Yuugi's libido bites into me like existence itself is jagged and sharp. There is so much more hiding, and I want it. “Gonna... I'll... You'll...” Forcing herself to try and even start a sentence, the oni can say nothing as I abandon even gripping her horn. Crumpled head wings flutter, and I lift, up and up, spreading my legs to part the bust which had me trapped. Just enough it won't get in my way once I reach my apex. Where is that apex? It's at the point where I've pried all of her – and by extension, all of me – out of myself. It's the point at which even my womb, turned to a sphere and barely recognizable but for the tiny, trailing ovaries, meets with the breeze. Only then will I frantically plunge myself back towards the ground, sliding her past the nightmarish landscape every other organ has become. It's not even a fraction of how violently she could have managed it, but there is nothing left. I don't need to hear the roar that rends asunder my eardrums – I can feel it in her loins.

The teasers warned me of what was coming, but it's so very refreshing to finally and actually get it at full force. A geyser whose eruption is nearly volcanic, the chill which marked her taste has vanished, replaced with heat beyond measure, to match the actual temperature of the semen inside of me. I can only imagine the shifting and churning of every last dose I'm offered is as audible as the last, the way it all reaches the ends of where it's being unleashed. It doesn't matter how much is already there, or how long into it she gets – no wall of her own release can stop the newest arrivals. And there's no doubt that there is plenty there, or that she is at this for a long time. Before, I hung atop my head, almost like some obscene, fleshy hat; soon enough I lay over my face like a mask, blinding me to anything but my own growth. That's hardly even the beginning of just how much there is to sow after this was fought back for so long. Sinking deeper onto myself, my chest, once hidden by Yuugi's, is now instead obscured behind the flesh which gravity is working to drag down. My arms wind up bound by the ever-creeping, displaced mass, which marches unabated until, and even after, it reaches the point where it should inhabit. At some point I simply lose track, the fury of this release forcing me once more into passion's grip.

By the time I'm conscious of the world around me once more, things have finally died down. And by that, I mean Yuugi's orgasm is on its dying spurts, which feel about as intense as the few tastes I got when she was trying desperately to keep herself from doing this. Why, I can't honestly figure. Why would anyone want to stave this off, just to try and win a fight by attrition? By volume, mass, and almost every other metric one could think of, I am presently more oni spunk than anything else. I can't be sure if this is normal or if she was backed up, but I can be sure that I am essentially cocooning myself. Skin hangs like rolls of fat, and I can feel it reaching below even my legs – in a roundabout way I am, at the moment, inside my own womb. If only because it's been fucked out of me and then so grotesquely stuffed that it can't fight gravity. I'm certainly not going to complain that this is the method by which it's happened. I'm just going to bask, ride out the rest of everything to come, and then figure out what happens from there. Also who won. I have a guess, but I'm not preternaturally sensitive to fights, so I can't be sure.

Yuugi is not soft when she's finally done, which doesn't surprise me in the slightest. This may have dented her stores of seed, if I care to be generous, but it's clear that she'd gladly jump right back into it. Would, but I think that the liquid which we're presently being splashed with is the sake that was supposed to be protected. This is confirmed by the dulled statement of, “For once, that's my win.”

We must have fallen at some point, given the lurching rise I can feel. In contrast to what was clearly Meiling, the oni's response cuts through every barrier of her own making, laughter easily reaching my ears, same as the admission of, “Seems like it.” Of course, she doesn't sound weathered by that bout, despite how she couldn't even throw a punch by the end. In fact I think Meiling only dumped out the drink because if Yuugi got back up, things simply would have continued and there was no getting through a second round. “Pretty good handicap, eh?” I can all but hear her grinning to go with this statement.

“I can't exactly deny that.” Her exhaustion mixes with some reluctance, which still sounds out of place. “For now, though, as the winner, I'd like to request you go.” Well, is that strictly required? The stern tone is just nonsense, really.

“What, already? That was just one round. Y'might be done, but Koakuma ain't. Ain't that right? Y'just wanna spend all day fuckin'?” As she speaks, Yuugi tugs me upwards, and as she tugs me upwards, she pulls my womb with her again. It doesn't all retract back in at once – in fact she has to keep dragging me up to pull it all in, all so that she can then pull it back out, this time less obtrusively. Not that I'm not horrifically deformed by its removal, given that it's roughly equivalent to simultaneously birthing twins. Fully grown ones, which also happened to come out on the heftier side of things.

That leaves a lot of groaning to do until I'm no longer weighing myself down. I would still be, but thankfully, her legs are supporting what would otherwise be trying to drag the rest of my internals out with it. I take just a moment to marvel at the sight. I could easily crawl into that womb for real. Just cozy up in a recursive bundle of ejaculate and sexual gratification. That's going on the list of things to do, at some point. For now, I have an answer to give.

Marisa Kirisame, the Ordinary Witch, was kneeling above her client’s naked waist, her skirt hitched up to her belly. A tense, giddy grin busied the bottom half of her face. All the same, Marisa kept it as bright as the stars – for both her client’s benefit and her own – as she reached below to wrap her hand around the boy’s stiff, upright member. The oily salve, which she had poured all over the penis moments before, caused her grip to slip down the thick shaft. There was a sharp intake of breath when the boy’s foreskin was peeled back, and the side of Marisa’s palm bumped into his crotch.

And then, an even sharper one – when she hooked the thumb of her free hand under her panties and tucked them to the side, revealing her bare slit.

Marisa scuffed forward on her knees, stretching herself open, angling her client’s tool at her opening. It was as her warm petals began to slide around his slippery glans that he voiced his creeping doubt.

“Ah. Um… Miss Marisa?”

The Ordinary Witch paused, at once too horny not to feel a tug of annoyance and feeling way too excited to let it show. She grinned down at the flustered boy. “Yeah? What’s up?”

Her young client’s gaze fluttered between her face and the soft, warm place he was about to enter. “Is this… um, really necessary?”

Marisa eyed her client with all the mock exasperation of an herbalist inquired whether nettle soup could sting one’s tongue. All the sixteen or seventeen years of worldliness her client could muster eyed her back. He was a hunk, no mistake; Marisa couldn’t take that away from him. Fieldwork did that to boys. And yet, it would seem the same thing that had so deliciously bulked out his arms and chest had also sapped away at his wits.

The same may not be said of his hard, lubed-up dick… which twitched in her hold, more and more impatient the longer it kept kissing her lower lips without actual insertion. Marisa rubbed its tip up and down along her moist slit as she addressed her hesitant client.

“You—” she began to say. “… What’d you say your name was?”

“Um. Tarou, miss. You’ve asked me already. Thrice.”

“Tarou-boy,” granted Marisa, honestly uncaring whether she had. “What is this, remind me, what we’re doing right now?”

Tarou blinked. “… Um. My after-youkai-attack care?”

“Which your parents were kind ‘nough to pay off up front and even leave us the house until we’re done. And you say you wanna stop?”

“N—Not stop,” whined the boy. “Only… I’d thought—”

“Tarou-boy,” chided Marisa. “You were kidnapped by a Tengu female while taking a stroll in the forest, yeah?”

“That’s… right.”

“And she took you to her cabin up on the Goddesses’ Mount and made you plough ‘er. Yeah?”

The boy Tarou began to shake his head, panic settling in. Then, he faced down the futility of lying to a seasoned youkai exterminator… who happened, also, to be gripping a delicate part of his body. “… Yeah,” he gave up. “Yeah. She told me to strip, then… then licked and sucked on me till I got up. Stripped down, too, afterwise. Stuck out her rear. Told me to… to ‘screw her cunt silly.’ Said she’d gouge my eyes out for the crows if I finished before her.”

Tarou’s brows took on an appropriately dismayed crook – even if, down below, the head of his erection throbbed between Marisa’s petals at the memory of being stuffed inside a rutting Tengu’s swollen pussy. The Ordinary Witch wrested down the urge to comfort it inside her snug, human one. For now. For now, she continued to drill the big-dicked youth.

“And, did ya?” she asked. “Screw ‘er silly?”

A blush worked up from Tarou’s jaw to warm up his cheeks. “… Um. Yeah. I put my… my dick inside her and kind of pumped her, trying to think of something else. Tengu lady must’ve been on the edge, because she came a few minutes afterwise. Screamed up a storm, wet herself all over the floor… then fell right asleep. So, I, uh… I wrapped up on my end, pulled on my trousers, and scarpered.”

Marisa sniggered, the mental image of this bumbling boy polishing himself off with an unconscious Tengu’s pussy too ridiculous to even turn her on.

“And have you told your parents ‘bout that part?”

Tarou’s cheeks went from maroon to a shade reserved only for the head of a penis that’s about to spurt all over a girl’s face. “N—No. They think I was kidnapped by a youkai. That’s all.”

“Good thing they called me, then.”

“Um. Why?”

‘Cause, thought Marisa, your dick and I are gonna have a lotta fun together. “‘Cause, bucko,” she said aloud, “the Tengu? They’re snakes. Give ‘em a chance, and they’ll lay a curse smack dab on you. And with that in mind, tell me: have you jerked it yet since you came back?”

Tarou’s eyes went wide as saucers. “Wha—” He coughed. “Why?!”

“You screwed a Tengu, Tarou-boy,” Marisa reminded him sweetly. There was another shameless throb where her pussy lips were half-wrapped around the boy’s slippery glans. Marisa couldn’t wait to feel how hard it would throb once he was fully inside her. “Mhm. Yeah. Your prick could be chock fulla curses – and you’d never know till you went up to the hay loft to fool around with your girlfriend.”

“I—I don’t have a—” the boy started to say, somewhat defensively.

“Your right hand, then,” offered Marisa. “Any place you stuff it, bucko, havin’ sex with youkai is bad for you. And that’s what the ointment’s for, see?” Here, the Ordinary Witch extended a thumb to rub it on the side of Tarou’s sturdy shaft. The warm lotion clung to her skin, as if trying to glue his dick and her hand together. “Coconut oil, a pinch o’ kava,” Marisa explained. “Works a miracle on curses. Cured a guy of impotence, once. Some arse-for-face kitsune reckoned it’d be funny. All we need to do, Tarou-boy… is make damn sure it’s spread all nice and evenly. Miss a spot, see, and the curse’ll but fade – then kick back in later, full force. We need to smother it completely first time. Get it, now?”

“Yes!” gasped the boy. “Yes, but, do we need to do it with—” His eyes flashed to where Marisa’s pussy was poised to swallow his dripping hard-on. “… Must it be in here? Miss Marisa?”

Marisa feigned a touch of surprise. “Where else better?”

“You could’ve done it with your hands!” spluttered Tarou. “O—Or mouth! This is—”

“Ah, so you wanted a blowjob.” Marisa tut-tutted. “Naughty, naughty. At least ask the girl out on a date ‘fore you ask her to suck you off, will ya?” When Tarou set his jaw, she offered up a conciliatory grin. “Ah, truth is, bucko, kava don’t taste too good. And, anyhow, I’ve none dimmest how the mix’ll react to saliva. So, my mouth’s outta the question. As for my hands—” Marisa slowly glided her hand up and down the boy’s trapped shaft. There was a brief, delicious tensing of the whole thing when her fingers passed a spot that must have felt really good. “… I ain’t given to precision work,” cautioned Marisa. “Always use a brush or reed pen at home. Want me to scratch this handsome prick all over with a sharp piece of wood? Nah, didn’t think so. ‘Sides,” she added, slyly, “it’s two birds with one stone, bucko.”

Tarou looked none too convinced. “… It is?”

Yeah, Marisa thought, tongue flashing out to wet her lips, I’ll get to feel what it’d be like to have this dick knocking me up. “That curse I done mentioned?” she volunteered for the boy’s limitless suspicion. “What you mighta gotten from the Tengu bitch? Well, bucko, like as not, it’d be the kind what they get you with. See? They curse you, so you can no longer get it up. You ain’t gettin’ it up, can’t jerk off, your girlfriend’s growin’ mad as a hatter… So, you go out to find what done cursed you in the first place. Turns out, you can only now pop a boner if it’s with a Tengu. So, they take you along to their village up on the ‘Mount as a sort of matin’ slave… and that’s the last your folks ever see of you. Includin’ that girlfriend.”

Her blushing client peered to where the Ordinary Witch was bullying his penis with long, teasing strokes. “… I’m, um, plenty hard right now.”

“‘Cause of the salve,” countered Marisa. “You got all stiff when I poured it on, no?”

“Um. Yeah.” Tarou’s incredulity dimmed in his voice. “I did, huh. Hng.”

“And you say you ain’t even tried to wank it ‘fore today?”

“… Yeah.”

“And that’s why, see—” Marisa struck on, releasing the boy’s hard-on and laying both her sticky hands flat on his stomach. “You and I’re both humans, yeah? So, if I’ve rubbed the salve in and you’re still nice an’ hard inside me… That’ll mean it’s worked for sure. See?”

The boy Tarou, who by now was redder than a beet, weighed Marisa’s sound rationale against his reluctance to let an older girl play doctor with his dick. The added weight of her pussy bearing down on the vulnerable crown of said dick, however, tipped his mental scales toward the more fun end. Slowly, with pronounced concession, Tarou’s chin was bobbed up and down in tacit agreement.

“… Ah. Miss Marisa?” he added, halting the Ordinary Witch for one more moment before she dropped her hips. “One thing.”

“Mhm? What is it, bucko?”

“What if I…” Marisa’s client grew somehow half a shade redder yet. “… What if I come inside you?”

Marisa’s chest fluttered, the sheer idea behind the words slamming into her belly like a bullet made of arousal. A powerful urge to beg the boy to do just that threatened briefly to overflow her mental dams. A few furious heartbeats later, and the Ordinary Witch threw a rein on her horny fantasies.

“… Ah, try not to?” she proposed, with arch humour. “This’s after-youkai-care – not sex. Yeah? Though, if you do, no biggie. It ain’t a dangerous day or anythin’.”

That had been but half a lie.

It was a very dangerous day.

Marisa had it on meticulous calculation that today was the most fertile day of her cycle; a single creampie was liable to get her pregnant with the boy’s child. Although, Tarou may never know this – not less he stole into Marisa Kirisame’s shop in the dead of the Forest of Magic, and leafed through the somewhat foxed notebook wherein the Ordinary Witch – at times with dread, at times with relief – marked down the days until her next period. That he fairly hadn’t – otherwise, he would never have agreed – was much to the good, because Marisa had no intention of ending it at just one creampie.

Assured of her purely medicinal persuasion, Tarou relaxed beneath her. Marisa smiled coquettishly, before asking her client:

“You ready, stud?”

Tarou’s attention, however, was affixed below, where remarkably sex-like – yet allegedly non-sexual – after-care was about to take place. “… Yeah,” he murmured, “ready.”

At was then, at long last, that Marisa Kirisame lowered her hips and let her drooling pussy slide down the boy’s waiting erection.

After so much waiting, the sensation of his glans spreading her lower lips was enough to give her a small, stomach-clenching orgasm. Coconut oil, which Marisa had applied liberally to the boy’s sturdy manhood, paved the way for the rest of it; soon, and the long shaft began to disappear between her slick petals – each vein and bump teasing her as it passed through. Marisa paused, moaning under her breath, when the hard tip of the cock, not at all on accident, nudged her G-spot. The Ordinary Witch, feigning no excuse, lifted her hips – then sank again for another prod. That time, when her vagina squeezed around the top third of Tarou’s stiff tool, she distinctly felt a glob of precum pumping up his shaft. It joined Marisa’s juices and the coconut oil in a lewd, slippery concoction that was only pushed deeper inside her as her pussy travelled down the length of Tarou’s dick.

Anxious for her prize, the Ordinary Witch completed the descent in one, smooth go – only permitting to herself a sigh of satisfaction once she was effectively seated atop her nude client, and the bare head of his penis was pressed up lovingly against her womb. Marisa needn’t peer down to see the mess of oil and pussy juice she had made in Tarou’s lap; she needn’t to undo her top to know her pink, perky nipples were harder than rock candy. The thick, robust cock that had made a rutting Tengu cum in mere minutes was hilted inside her barely experienced pussy – and making her head swim.

Gasping, swallowing down of the room’s coconut-scented air, Marisa gazed down at the boy with whom she was now, irrevocably, having raw, adulterous sex.

This had never been her idea.

Reimu. It had been Reimu’s.

After she and Reimu had entered a not-wholly-witting union with a bunch of animal spirits in the Wily Beast incident, something had gone very much awry with their bodies. As an alchemist of some success, Marisa had long devised methods of dealing with her womanly problems; bleeding, headaches and mood swings associated with that natural, female function were at best a mild annoyance to she who knew the right recipes. And yet, the weeks which had preceded Marisa’s that-time-of-the-month had been a youkai short of a nightmare. What had always been a fortnight of mild, if benign, distraction had been turned into evenings when Marisa had to quit her house to stop her fingers fiddling with her privates. And even then, often, it had done nothing to prevent her finding a nice, secluded place to give her needy insides some desperate relief.

When, though, she had complained of this to Reimu, her lifelong friend had shrugged it off – citing “her own way” of handling the monthly hormone rush. What Reimu’s “own way” had comprised, Marisa hadn’t been allowed to learn; not, anyway, until a few days afterwards, when she would run into Reimu leaving the home of a client who had of late come under attack by a vicious yuki-onna. That’d never have been very remarkable; both the Ordinary Witch and the Hakurei shrine maiden had been in business of providing youkai assault after-care for years. Only, Marisa’s trained, alchemist’s nose had alerted her to something else.

That Reimu’s breath had positively reeked of semen.

Small wonder, then, that the tight-lipped shrine maiden had left the stunned witch to be stunned, while she herself hurried off to her next job. Smaller wonder yet, that Marisa Kirisame had followed hot on her best friend’s trail. A feat of dexterity later, and the witch would be peeking in through the window of the house Reimu’s next assignment had taken her inside.

Across the remainder of that afternoon, Marisa would become wised up to several facts. One: that her friend and rival since childhood had a pair of tits which, beside Marisa, made the Ordinary Witch look more like a Little Prince. Two: that, for a fair compensation, Hakurei Reimu would go to her knees and give her client the sloppiest, most obscene blowjob Marisa had ever seen (not that she’d seen many, but… there was something to say for it when the client’s precum would go as far as to end up in Reimu’s cleavage). Three: that it would take two more such “assignments” before Reimu would finally deign to strip her panties and get fucked for real.

Marisa may still picture it: her best friend, bent over and propped against a wall. Vest ridden up to her chin. Those plump tits dangling freely below. The sharp noise of her client’s hips crashing into her butt. Reimu’s strangled, ecstatic moans from having her pussy stuck on the man’s long, curved cock. Marisa had come no less than twice, fingering herself while watching her friend get screwed; Reimu, meanwhile… it was difficult to tell. Suffice to say, that after she had quit the client’s house, her knees had been so weak, the shrine maiden had to stop and lean on lantern-posts to rest them every fifty paces.

Marisa wondered to this day what her best friend would’ve said had she ever heard that the same client had inexplicably been waited on by two youkai hunters in the same evening. Or that a certain Ordinary Witch was now the proud owner of a bra that a certain Hakurei shrine maiden had forgotten to put back on after getting her itch scratched.

Since then, “after-care” and “compensation” had taken on a hush, lascivious undertone in their conversations. Marisa rather suspected Reimu knew she was fucking her clients, as well as that Marisa knew Reimu was getting fucked by hers; neither of them, however, had outright admitted it. There’d been looks and oblique remarks on the state of each other’s underwear – but never more. It had lent the whole affair an air of taboo and mystique, which Marisa had found insidiously exciting.

All of which had led her here. Atop a nice boy, no older than seventeen, whose worried parents had hired her to ascertain their son was fine, but whom Marisa was now using to plug up her horny pussy. The boy himself, at least, seemed everything but disappointed – staring down at where Marisa’s pink, tight labia were strapped around the meaty base of his dick, and struggling to contain his amazement.

Marisa, a sweet smile tweaking her lips, nudged her hips forward, then back again – causing the boy’s cock to settle into a new, even more comfortable position inside her oil-slick pussy. When she sat straighter, the sensation of his stiffness grinding her front wall almost made her forget all about restraint. Marisa controlled her urges with difficulty.

“Mm… Tarou-boy?” she addressed her innocent client. “Afore we start on your treatment, stud… You’ve got a great cock.”

Her client’s eyes startled to her face, where they found nothing except bright, perverted glee. “… Um,” he ventured. “Your… Yours is great, too. It’s cramped, but… it fits like a glove. A—Am I all the way in, miss Marisa? Where I’m touching, is that your…?”

“Mhm.” Marisa’s smile widened. “It’s really a perfect fit, huh. To the inch.”

“Uh-huh. Yeah. It’s great.”

For the minute in following, the witch and the boy marvelled quietly at their unexpected compatibility. From time to time, Marisa would feel Tarou’s cock twinge and gush more precum into her already flooded depths. None of it escaped down below; Marisa’s pussy lips were gripping the boy’s shaft so tightly they formed a seal – keeping the sexual fluids and coconut oil firmly contained. Marisa thrilled imagining what would happen if Tarou were to come inside her right then.

No, no, no, the Ordinary Witch reminded herself. Not yet. Formalities first. Cover your bases, Marisa.

“Mm. Well, Tarou-boy?” she cooed down at him. “What’d you reckon?”

Tarou and his cock startled together, the first – bucking slightly underneath Marisa, the latter – enjoying a short bounce up and down her pussy walls. “Ah, er. Um. Well—” he sputtered. “It’s… It feels amazing; way better than that Tengu lady. It’s so wet and so warm, and you’re so cute, and—”

“Ah-ah, Tarou-boy,” chided Marisa. “Thank you, but not that. Get your mind outta the gutter, huh? I meant the salve. Have we got it everywhere, d’you think?”

There was, at first, no reply. And then, at second, Tarou’s eyes narrowed… proving, above everything, that naiveté was not an inseparable domain of young men.

“… Miss Marisa?” said the boy, almost reproachful. “This isn’t treatment, is it? This is sex.”

Marisa’s heart hammered in her throat; and yet, ahead she could muster a response, Tarou stole the initiative it by locking his hands around her nude waist.

“There’s no Tengu curse like that,” went on the boy, “is there, miss Marisa? I don’t think so. My parents hired you, but you’ve not told them nothing about curses. That came up only afterwise, when I told you what happened. And why’d you have this oil on you? It isn’t for medicine, plain as plain. I think, miss Marisa, that you’re like that Tengu lady. You met me, fell in love with me, and wanted to have sex.”

And then, as though to further prove his right, the strapping young man hauled Marisa’s hips forward: extracting his hard cock to half-point, then slamming it back into her squirming, overstuffed pussy. Marisa had to slap a palm over her mouth not to give away how much she’d loved it – or that she wanted him to do it again. And harder.

Tarou watched her poorly controlled reactions with the marked look of a boy who had solved a puzzle piece none of his friends or family ever could. The Ordinary Witch joined his smug gaze in a silent danmaku match of need versus chipped pride.

“Am I right, miss Marisa?” he wanted to know.


And pride was feeble solace beside that thick cock skewering her pussy. Marisa squeezed out a grin and a giggle – both a greater effort than they should have been, in the wake of the boy’s sudden, rough thrust. Her stomach was still fluttering. A persistent tingle behind her stiff-tipped breasts made breathing its own exercise.

“Nnh… Mm. Yeah, that’s right,” Marisa admitted, staring down Tarou’s vainglorious face. “This’s sex. You’re buck naked, and the tip of your cock is kissin’ my womb. ‘Course it’s sex at this point. And I’d not have had it another way.”

Tarou was not to be dissuaded with stark honesty alone. “Then I’m right?” he insisted. “You’re in love with me? That’s why the ‘treatment?’”

Marisa chortled – in earnest this time, and with no small damage to the boy’s expression. “Ahh, youth,” she sighed. “No, bucko, your parents did hire me, fair’n’all. I’ve not fallen for you. Tough luck. Once ya skinned those pants, though, and I saw what you were packin’ there… Knew it had to be amazin’ if that Tengu bitch chose you. Those never come so near the town without they scent somethin’ nice.”

Tarou’s mouth soured at the retroactive implications. “So, that Tengu smelled my…?”

“Youth, vigour, ki,” corrected Marisa. “Could be, if you were backed-up. ‘S why she nabbed ya… presumably, ‘nyhow.”

A dark cloud slid behind the boy’s eyes, as if the Tengu in question herself had just rejected him. A ray of hope knifed through when he addressed the witch currently riding his stiff manhood. “… And you, miss Marisa?”

Marisa shaped a wide grin. “Ah, I’m takin’ advantage of the situation, is all. I’ll purge and ward ya, no worries. It’s jus’, when I heard your side of the story, and saw that gorgeous prick of yours… I had to see how it would feel inside me.” The Ordinary Witch brushed her fingertips down the boy’s toned abdomen, up the stubble-covered base of his dick, and then around the firm nub of her clitoris. With two fingers on either side, she peeled back its loose hood; with a third, she began to flick the stiff protrusion left and right. A delicious, toe-curling judder clamped her pussy walls around Tarou’s invading cock. “Nnha, haa… Nn. Witch pussies, you see,” she told her stupefied boy-toy, “get really, really, haah, nngh… really lonely, y’know? A witch has to get screwed, nhh, nice an’ hard… at least ten times a month. Or else, hfff… else, she’ll go madder’n a fairy in a basement. An’ did you know somethin’, bucko?”

Marisa jerked her hand away from her hard, sensitive nub. Then, making a grab for one of Tarou’s knees, she leaned back, and spread her legs wide – displaying the place where his cock was sheathed balls-deep inside her.

“This pussy,” the Ordinary Witch announced, “ain’t been fucked even once this month.”

And that had been another lie. Since her latest cycle had reared its horny head, Marisa had already had sex thrice. Once, with the victim of a fairy’s prank – whom she’d quietly comforted with her pussy while his wife had been busy at the stove downstairs. Once more, with a town herbalist – to whom Marisa had delivered a shipment of love elixir, and which the man had absolutely to trial on the nearest woman (Marisa) ahead he’d even agreed to haggle. And then, a third time – with a man who had, embarrassingly, turned out to be a recent friend of her father. The ageing, jovial, somewhat portly bachelor had approached the Ordinary Witch claiming a young kitsune had laid a curse upon his lower body. Only later, afterwards Marisa had followed him home, and proven beyond the palest shade of a doubt the man hadn’t been mystically rendered impotent, had he revealed this truth. Although, since he had already come inside her twice, and been in the middle of giving her the best finger-bang of her life as he’d confessed his duplicity, the Ordinary Witch had acquiesced to three more rounds of free creampie sex in order to keep his mouth shut.

When she’d at last got home that night, for no reason but to feel safer, the Ordinary Witch would down a double dose of the contraceptive kava tonic she had used to peddle on the quiet to careless townswomen. And then, she would scribble a mental note to prepare even more in advance if… or, really, for when she let her dad’s friend play with his wayward daughter’s body again.

Marisa shuddered out of the memory of the old man egging her on with his fingers wiggling inside her cum-smeared pussy. Tarou’s hearty dick was now in their place; and, while nowhere near so nimble, the full, tight sensation of it plumping out her belly all the way up to her womb almost offset the lack of direct assault on her special spots. Marisa from before the animal spirit possession would have thought twice before turning down this kind of pleasure; Marisa of now wanted nothing less than to take the boy home and use him like an erotic chair all night long.

Under the circumstances, however, the Marisa of now would also have to settle for a course of regular impregnation sex. Tarou’s parents would not be gone forever, and walking in on a youkai hunter riding half-naked atop their son was not, the Ordinary Witch had to imagine, high up on their Tanabata wish tree. Nor was the boy himself without his own ideas.

A pleasant shiver ran up and stiffened Marisa’s back when Tarou slid his large hands from her waist to her slim thighs – hooking his thumbs under her rearranged panties along the way. Soaked in slick coconut oil, the dark, chiffon underwear – which Marisa had purchased and worn especially to get fucked in – clung to her bare skin. Tarou drew the panties completely to the side, unveiling the heart-shaped patch of blond pubic hair on Marisa’s groin.

“… Witches are so naughty,” he observed. “Aren’t they?”

“Mm. I ‘unno,” giggled Marisa. “Only know two or three. This’s more of a… a youkai extermination catch. There’s a lotta stress in the job that has to go someplace, see? An’ when we’re called to tend to knockouts like you—” Marisa walked her fingers up the boy’s firm, toned stomach. “… That can get mighty frustratin’. We’re girls, too… y’know?”

“Other… youkai hunters are like this?” asked Tarou, slowly.

Marisa flashed him a nasty look. “Want to fuck Reimu too?”

Tarou’s eyes blinked in surprise, yet the head of his cock briefly pushing up harder against Marisa’s cervix was its own, unwitting answer. “The—The Hakurei?” he stuttered out. “I—I wasn’t… I hadn’t meant—”

“Ah, ‘s fine, bucko,” cooed Marisa. “Reimu may act the devil when she’s on the job, but she’s been doin’ this after-care thingy long as me. I ‘unno if she’d screw you, less you were her type, but she loves givin’ head. Saw her blow a guy for half an hour straight once upon a time. Tell you what: you ever get bullyragged by a youkai again, ask for Reimu. Get the two of yous alone, and then show ‘er that handsome prick. You’ll be hittin’ her tonsils ‘fore your pants’re halfway down. And, who knows? Might be you’ll get lucky and get ‘er to use her tits, too.”

Tarou’s stare turned just a tad wishful. “… Miss Reimu would do that?”

“Good things come to boys who ask,” said Marisa, paraphrasing what her dad’s friend had. Casually advertising her best friend’s breasts had its own, wicked appeal; Marisa, however, had something even better in store for her client. A trip up and down her warm pussy walls, with a nice, happy finish in her fertile womb. “That’s that, though. Another time, bucko. Today, you’re screwin’ the witch. An’, I dare say, you’ve made her wait enough. Y’know,” she added with a smirk, “Reimu’d spread you across the wall if you jus’ kept ‘er caught like this without actually fucking her for so long.”

Tarou looked turned on. Then, he managed to looked contrite instead. “Um. Sorry. It’s… It feels so nice, I kind of don’t want it to end. A—And I was thinking—” the words tumbled from the boy’s tongue, it seemed, precluding his head altogether, “that, since you were way cuter than miss Reimu, that I wanted to… I’d rather it were you next time, too. And if you can’t – then I’d like to stay like this a little longer today. Please?”

Marisa smacked him on the flank – even if the compliment had made her break out in a grin. “Aw, that’s nice,” she granted; “and my pussy doesn’t want to let you go, either, but… No dice. I need this. I need to feel that cock movin’. There ain’t been a thing I needed badder than that right now. I’ll let you take me out on a date later, the full course, so why don’t we get you pumpin’ my baby room full – before your parents come back and I lose my witchin’ mind?”

Something passed behind the boy’s saucer-wide eyes, which Marisa was positive she would either come to rue… or enjoy immensely. “… So,” he said after a moment. “This is a treatment. For you.”

And it was fast proving to be the latter. “Mm. Clever boooy,” she all but purred. “That’s right. This’s a treatment, Tarou-boy. Always was. A treatment where you take that awesome cock and rub my achin’ pussy all over to make it better. An’ then, if you want… put your sticky medicine inside. As deep as you like. I promise I won’t complain. Treat me as you will.”

“Then—” Tarou began.

And then, rather startling the petite Ordinary Witch, her youthful client heaved himself up to a sit. All of a sudden, Marisa found she had been shifted from looming above the adolescent boy, to being seated in his lap, with nothing except his broad, naked chest filling out her sight. What her surprise had ruined by causing her to flinch back, it was fixed once Tarou had gripped the witch’s ample buttocks (about the only ample part of her, really), and pushed her back down his thick, oiled-up manhood. It bottomed out as smoothly as if it had never left.

That one touch of manhandling – together with the penetration – was enough to cause the Ordinary Witch to swoon. Tarou’s chest showed itself to be apt support when Marisa braced herself against it with both hands and her sweat-sheened forehead. Silently, she thanked the thankless gods of harvest for doing their devotees at least this service. It was all Marisa could do, to cover her face and try her damnedest not to breathe in the boy’s warm, pheromone-laced smell. That, she feared, would have removed all remaining shackles of self-control from her brain.

“Then,” came the boy’s voice from above, “I want to treat you in another position, miss Marisa.”

Outmatched in height by more than a head, even while seated, Marisa had to crane her neck to peer up at the boy’s ruddy, yet determined face. “… What—” she managed to say, “nnhh, oh boy… What’d you have in mind, stud?”

There was a hesitant, greedy pause. “… Like the Tengu lady.”

“Haah. Someone discovered a fetish, huh?”

“I mean… Worked for her.”

The Ordinary Witch tittered. “… Jester. Pervert.”

“I’m not jesting, miss Marisa,” insisted the boy.

“I know,” she assured him. “That’s what makes this so hot, Tarou-boy. I love an honest boy.”

And, she didn’t add, an honest boy with nice muscles a dick that made her feel this good went another mile still. It was a mile that took Marisa Kirisame, the youkai exterminator, into a realm where she weighed options she would never have under different circumstances. Atop the boy, twisting and grinding her hips, would have been her choice a few minutes before; now, Marisa had a taste for something that would leave her pussy the same sodden, semen-dripping mess… but flip the arrangement somewhat.

She considered, with not a little thrill of treachery, what Reimu would have done in her shoes.

Nor had she to strain her thinkin’ muscles much to imagine what Reimu would. Reimu would never stoop to do the heavy lifting herself; Reimu would stand beside the bed – arms folded under that hefty bust – and hurl abuse at her partner for believing even for a moment that he would be presented a free ride to a creampie. Ignoring her own, overflowing arousal; discounting how happily she had been sucking on his dick moments before. Until the straw that broke the donkey’s back. Until he also stood – causing the haughty shrine maiden to back, in fright, up under the nearest wall. And then, with her cute butt pressed against it, she would only stare on with disgust as her partner gripped one of those sleek thighs of hers, hoisted it up, angled the head of his cock at the sopping entrance of her precious place… and pushed it in.

Stuck between the wall and the man’s powerful hips, with nowhere to escape but farther down his shaft, it would be all Reimu could do to grit her teeth and glare… up to the point where the stiff cock bottomed out and her pussy was shuddering in delight around its girth.

Marisa hadn’t to embellish the picture altogether too much, because she had seen Reimu get fucked in precisely that way. That day, the same she had been spying on her best friend marching from house to house, providing “care” for her clients – and, rather markedly, not too long before Reimu would be bent over with her hands on a wall and fucked doggy-style, her shockingly large, teardrop-shaped tits swinging back and forth with every womb-deep thrust. Meanwhile, outside the window, Marisa had been biting the rim of her hiked-up dress – furiously pumping her middle and ring fingers in and out of her own, swollen and needy pussy and dripping sticky girl-lube onto the flowerbed. At once desperate to keep hush and itching to hit her good spots at the same time Reimu had been getting hers, the Ordinary Witch couldn’t quite keep pace with her busty friend – who, going by the ecstatic expression and the drool hanging from a corner of her mouth, had been having way more fun with the man’s arched cock than Marisa could by herself. And so, when Reimu had hung her head, and her thighs had begun to tremble in a muffled, but unmistakeable orgasm, Marisa may only swear – hook her fingers – and start digging their tips into that one, very special area of her then still virgin pussy.

Once Reimu’s client had yanked his waist away from the shrine maiden’s trembling rear, the sight of his hard cock – slathered in precum and Reimu’s juices, plopping out of her best friend’s loose, wet pussy – had brought Marisa over the edge. Collapsing to her knees, caution all but lost in the explosion of bliss from her womanly parts, the Ordinary Witch had gasped and fought to stay quiet while she squirted uncontrollably all over the man’s poor, unoffending flowers. Of the many orgasms she would still enjoy that evening, that one would by need fade quickly – because Reimu had lost no time in shoving her client back onto the bed and forcefully mounting the cock she had so adamantly refused to service not that long before. Marisa would, faced with that circumstance, swallow down her afterglow, prop her chin on the windowsill, and resume to stick her fingers inside herself in voyeuristic glee. A round of passionate, tit-bouncing, come-inside cowgirl sex later – plus a second squirting climax for Marisa – and the shrine maiden would weakly announce the end of pre-paid time. And though a few coaxing words from her client had still seen her consent to give him one more quick, no-nonsense, clean-up blowjob, Reimu would keep to her word – gulp down his load, fix up her clothes, collect her money, and leave – on two rather wobbly legs.

Marisa would wonder later, at no trivial length, what it was that had possessed her to sell her virginity to the same, pushy man. Was it that the knowledge of Reimu happily whoring herself out had cracked the witch’s own moral constraints, and the man had simply been available… Or was it because she had secretly wanted to ride the same cock that had been all the way inside her best friend?

There was a note of confused and seditious homosexuality in it all… even if her first sex had ended up being amazing and almost certain to leave Marisa utterly pregnant, if not for her elixirs.

That, anyhow, was a far-off, month-old cheesecake slice of a worry. More in the immediate, the Ordinary Witch had a beefcake of a boy underneath her, willing to give her restless womanhood a soothing, womb-deep massage. Tarou himself was proving an exceedingly polite therapist – for one who already had his dick inside his patient – merely soaking in the sensation of Marisa’s slick, warm pussy, and gawping at the rise-and-fall motions beneath the witch’s thin, white undershirt. Or, perhaps, following his gaze, not so much the motions, as the two conspicuous peaks visible through the fabric.

A sharp tug, and the three top buttons of the shirt gave way; and Marisa’s humble, unimposing bust was put on full, nude display. Tarou looked on in adolescent fascination as the Ordinary Witch cupped one of her tiny breasts, gathering as much tit-flesh as possible – ahead sliding her fingers up to the stiff, pink nipple, and giving it a small tweak. A clinch of sharp, familiar pleasure wrung the breath out of her chest and vised her pussy around the boy’s hard cock.

There was an old, hopeful anecdote, whispered among girls in town, claiming the smaller a girl’s breasts, the more sensitive they were to touch. Marisa, never having been bigger (or, really, smaller), could attest to a mere half of that story. Without a doubt, her breasts were small – and, without a doubt, they were sensitive. A few minutes’ worth of kneading her puppies and pinching their erect nipples could make Marisa cream herself with no additional titillation – something which a certain town herbalist had been surprised (and not a little gratified) to learn earlier in the week. Whether the same held true for bigger tits, say, Reimu’s… was a matter Marisa wasn’t near gay enough to investigate.

With her hands on her own tingling breasts, the Ordinary Witch grinned up at their silent admirer.

“Mm… See somethin’ you like?”

There was a snap of attention, and a squeezing of covetous fingers around Marisa’s hips. “… Yeah,” Tarou said, very seriously. “Yeah, I do.”

“What’s that, stud?”

“… Your breasts,” gave up the boy. “They’re… Um. They’re small, but—”

“Small, but cute,” finished Marisa. If I had a copper for every time I heard that… “Yes. That’s right. So-o? Want to fuck me while starin’ at my cute little titties?”

Tarou’s answer was a hasty, wordless, wide-eyed nod. The Ordinary Witch smiled, quit fondling her poor excuse of a bust, and snaked her hands up the boy’s broad shoulders. On those, as well as her outspread knees, Marisa slowly, gently levered up her whole petite body – enjoying, and at once regretting, the sensation of Tarou’s cock sliding out and scooping out the gooey contents of her pussy. Once she felt his glans begin to stretch her entrance, about to pop out – and her slight, perky tits were about level with his face – Marisa paused, licked her lips…

… And then dropped her hips back down on his lap.

Tarou’s long, rigid cock speared her squirming pussy with a wet, obscene squelch – its bare head thumping into her cervix with enough force to make Marisa jolt upright. Stifling a delighted squeal, the Ordinary Witch wiggled her hips to rub her sensitive areas on her boy-toy’s stiff, obliging tool. Tarou boasted no such restraint, groaning his pleasure down her chest rather without reservation. Marisa sensed his cock flex between her pussy lips, and utterly failed to resist dragging them one more time up its sloping, lubed-up length. Then, she too released her voice in a gleeful moan when the boy gripped her ass and forced it back down for a smooth, balls-deep insertion. Coconut oil, precum and pussy juice bubbled out between her clinging petals, soaking her repositioned panties and sticking her crotch to Tarou’s. Though her mouth was stuck in an ecstatic, slutty grin, her head was clear enough to move her body in concert once the boy began to slide her back and off of his throbbing erection for another thrust. Marisa leaned back, tweaking her hips – making it an absolute surety that, the next time Tarou rammed it in, the head of his hard cock would poke her G-spot and scrape the vulnerable front wall of her vagina from end to end.

And that was exactly what it did.

Tarou’s glans had no sooner peeked out from between the Ordinary Witch’s swollen labia than the boy reversed his push: sheathing his cock back inside Marisa’s waiting pussy in a single, implacable thrust. His tip, which Marisa had so smartly prepared for, hadn’t as much poked her special place… as it had smashed into it, causing every inch of her feverish walls to clamp lovingly around his shaft. Tarou gasped, swearing under his breath, when their crotches smacked together – burying Marisa’s up to the clitoris in the wiry clump of his pubes. That, earmarks were, was an unacceptable state of things; and, ahead her pussy may fully recover from the savage thrust, the boy was once more hauling it up the slickened length of its new favourite cock. Unable to resist the allure – or, perhaps, because the witch’s vagina was stubbornly holding onto every departing inch – Tarou raised a hand… and then brought it down, sharply, on Marisa’s bubbly rear.

Gravity conspired with surprise, and the sound of her butt being slapped hadn’t quit ringing in her ears when it was joined by that of the same butt smacking into Tarou’s thighs. Marisa hissed with throaty, feminine indulgence as the boy’s manhood slipped balls-deep back inside her perfectly matching hole. Surrender came mushy and sweet, tilting her forward to recline on the boy’s tough, masculine chest. Marisa’s bared nipples scuffed up and down its rough skin when Tarou hoisted her butt up once more, withdrawing two thirds of his slippery erection – before letting Marisa’s pussy drop and eat it back up. This time, his glans and veiny underside rode all along her rear wall – producing an entirely new sensation which left her belly taut with carnal joy.

The Ordinary Witch, throwing caution to the wind, buried her small nose in the boy’s chest, and sucked in a deep lungful of his smell: a heady bouquet of sweat, sex and pure maleness that had her head reeling from the potency – and her horny body yield all over in submission. Gosh, she managed to think, if I could bottle this up, somewise…

That money-winning idea was ejected together with her breath upon Tarou’s next thrust, which saw his cock-head wriggle between and part her squeezing walls at an unexpected, slanting angle. The precocious boy was jostling her hips, bent on leaving no corner of her pussy unexplored. His long fingers dug into the meat of her butt-cheeks: groping, spreading them out, exposing Marisa’s other hole to the room’s tepid air. All the while, his work-hardened arms kept lifting her ass, then lowering it back onto his thick manhood, with little apparent regard for Marisa’s opinion or consent.

Marisa voiced them both: in a low, purring moan which would have told everything, had the boy but paid attention to her upper mouth as well as he did to her lower.

“Mnnrr… Tarou-boooy~”

Tarou-boy growled his reply – penetrating her four more wonderful times ahead he threw a leash around his urge to keep fucking the helpless, unresisting witch. Then, and not before, did he allow Marisa the opportunity to speak unhindered… though how unhindered was a matter for debate when his stiff cock was sheathed to the hilt in her trembling pussy, and his hands were locking her hips in a hold which the dainty witch would need to fight very hard to escape. If she could escape at all.

The thought made her thrill up to the roots of her hair.

“M—Miss Marisa…?”

Marisa, tittering, craned her head and gave the boy a mocking look. “… Soo forceful,” she teased. “Where’d y’get off to treatin’ a girl like that, Tarou boy? Slidin’ her up and down your cock like she’s some kind of toy…”

“… Sorry,” murmured the boy. “Was that… er, not good?”

“You kiddin’? It was the best,” purred Marisa. “When y’moved me by yourself like that? I loved that. Many girls would never tell ya, but… Gettin’ taken by force – and by a stud like you, no less? That’s the sorta fantasy keeps us awake at night.”

“You too, miss Marisa?”

“Mmmhm,” cooed the witch. “Clever boy. Yup. Can’t count the evenin’s I’d waste sticking my fingers inside myself, thinking ‘bout a cake like you just… bargin’ into my home, shoving me up against a wall, pullin’ down my bloomers and screwin’ me from behind ‘til my legs give out and he has to truss me up. No talk, no nonsense. Just meetin’ and humpin’, like animals in the wild. Speeeaking of—” Marisa freed one of the boy’s shoulders to trace a finger in a circle around his left nipple. It was as stiff from arousal as both her own. “… Weren’t you? Going to fuck me like that Tengu bitch?”

Tarou spat a brief, derisive laugh. “I was,” he assured her. “I was, miss Marisa. Only then, when you showed me your breasts… well, was plain you needed that treatment right away.”

As if, you lil’ perv, Marisa thought. “Mm, yeah,” she granted out loud. “It was really gettin’ worse by the minute.”

“Is it better now?” asked Tarou… and began to pull up her hips.

The Ordinary Witch had but to peek up and into the boy’s eyes to see the newly forged confidence behind them. And then, with another, insidious thrill, she knew what kind of surprise lay in store for her slowly emptying pussy. So, she bit back her reply – until at least half of Tarou’s sizeable manhood had worked its way past her hugging, greedy labia.

“Mm, well,” she started answering, “it’s slightly bettnnghhfffuck!”

And the answer flew away when Tarou drove her back down, cramming her pussy full of hard cock once again. Marisa hadn’t quit gasping and squirming ahead the boy’s hands wrapped around her ass-cheeks and ground her waist harder into his. There was an eager, happy throb, which Marisa soon shared, when his glans began to rub up against the entrance of her womb. Tarou’s fingers clutched her butt – nudging it back and forth, left and right, causing his entire length to shift and touch all the different areas of her vagina. Marisa melted into his arms, her breath shallow – soft, girly moans squeezing out of her throat whenever the boy’s sturdy cock kissed a better spot than most. And then – a louder, more mature one when Tarou drew her up for another thrust.

“Nhhgoodnesss,” Marisa whined as he slowly sank his hard-on inside her. “Why are you… Why so good at this, Tarou-boy? You’re just a boy!”

Tarou waited for his cock-head to be firmly pressed against the witch’s cervix before admitting, “… I may have lied.”

“Nnh. Mm… Where’d that be?”

“Well. That Tengu lady?” he wheezed. “She, um… She may have given me pointers.”

Marisa giggled. “You two lovers or somethin’? You fuck on the regular?”

Tarou’s reply was an unthinking snigger. “I wi— er, I mean,” he corrected himself, “um, no. She really did do kidnap me. Once I was out of my clothes, though – turned out, she could be a lot nicer. Maybe needed reassurance, is all.”

“Or a nice, young cock up her cunt, hmm?”

“… Yeah,” admitted the boy. “Yeah. After I put it inside her, she got really… um, sweet. A—As sweet as a youkai can be, anyhow. Got all… kissy and stuff.”

“Want me to be sweet on you, Tarou-boy?”

“Miss Marisa?”

Shinnying up on her knees, her bare nipples scraping up the boy’s chest, with sinuous, seductive grace, Marisa levelled her face with his. Tarou’s cock slipped free of her warm womanhood, prompting a twitch of disappointment from both its owner and its receiver. An outpour of coconut oil, precum and vaginal fluid opened in its wake. It sloshed down on Tarou’s standing length like a copious, syrupy female orgasm. The strapping young man hadn’t fully worked his mouth open to grouse when the Ordinary Witch sealed it under her own. Tarou startled – squeezed her butt – and then, with enthusiasm becoming his age, he began to kiss back. He proved an apt kisser for said age: clumsy, much too eager, and a complete stranger to moderation – sucking on Marisa’s small tongue like a lollipop one moment, only to stuff his own entirely into her mouth in the next. Almost, and he would have reminded her of someone else, not too long ago. Answering youth with mature restraint, Marisa coddled the pushy tongue with her soft lips: gently fellating the root with tiny back-and-forth motions while it discovered what a witch’s mouth tasted like inside. Not kava and cock, this time – to the boy’s likely relief.

There was a grunt of straining patience, and a distinct sensation of one of the boy’s hands disengaging from Marisa’s firm buttocks. There was a thrill of anticipation when she felt him align himself with her entrance and his tip spread apart her dripping petals. Tarou retracted his tongue, swallowing, and then pressed his lips flat against the witch’s in what seemed a rather innocent sort of kiss, for what was happening below. Smooth as nothing, the top half of his erection sank between her yielding walls at the merest onset of pressure from his other hand. Tarou kept the kiss going, leaning forward, bending the petite witch backwards, as their groins slid closer and closer together. Marisa squeaked, eyes rolling back in their sockets, as the boy’s hard penis was returned fully where it belonged. None too soon, she was being kissed both above and below – Tarou’s tongue busying her mouth, while her squirming pussy was filled top to bottom by his thick, manly tool.

That alone, however, could never satisfy her. Yearning to be fucked – really fucked – again, the witch bucked her wide, feminine hips. Uselessly. The angle of the penetration, as well as the position in which Tarou cradled her slight body, arrested any and all attempts to move. Marisa’s hips were smushed against his – trapping her hot, discontent pussy around his still erection. And though the feeling of impotence – of being small, sexy and powerless to prevent the boy from doing her as he very well liked – was a potent tonic, it was the pure, base need to slake her female instincts and get pregnant already which overrode lengthier, more erotic scenarios.

“Nnm. Nhh. Tarou—” the witch moaned around the young man’s tongue. “Tarooou~”

Tarou, at once confirming with a grunt that he’d heard and too horny to stop so soon, continued kissing her for a long moment before pulling away – and swallowing their combined spit. “Hff. Nngh… Miss— Miss Marisa?”

The Ordinary Witch trembled at the heat and the aroused timbre of the boy’s voice. She gazed up into his eyes – wide, misty, hooked on the sensations she was selling to him in lieu of traditional after-youkai care. It made her feel immoral to her core. It made her feel like the naughtiest girl in Gensokyo. It made her want to atone in any way she might – preferably, by bearing his children. “Mnrr, Tarooou~” she moaned; “I’ll be your lover. ‘Kay? I’ll be a good girlfriend – promise. Till the end of the month, we can fuck wherever, whenever. I’ll come by at dawn an’ polish off your morning wood. Y’can stay over at my house; I’ll cook for us, and you can use me anyhow. Sex, blowjobs, handjobs, with my thighs and feet, indoors or outside… I’ll let you screw me in any position, any fashion y’like. Want me to?”

Inside her belly, all the way from her tight pussy lips to her fertile womb, Tarou’s stiff cock stiffened even harder at the promise of the cute, blond witch – Marisa Kirisame, the second-most notorious youkai hunter in Gensokyo, – serving four weeks as his personal fuck-maid. Speechless to begin with – then downright raring – Tarou wheezed his, rather predictable, reply.

“… Yeah,” he rasped. “Yes – please.”

Marisa’s chest was a-tingle with excitement as she answered. “Then—” she told him, “Then, one condition. Hear me, Tarou-boy? Jus’ one thing.”

“Yeah?”

“Cum inside me all ten times,” demanded the witch. “Ahead your parents come home an’ chew us out. Stuff me full, and I’m yours.”

Tarou’s fingers closed jealously around her ripe butt-cheeks. At the same time, his forehead wrinkled with consternation. “Um,” he managed to sound serious, “I… I don’t reckon that’s doable, miss Marisa.”

“Could you not try?”

“Oh, I will,” the boy guaranteed. “Only, I don’t reckon I can reach ten.”

Marisa, murmuring, trailed a hand down the muscular arch of the boy’s back, down to his own, athletic rear – where she mirrored his perverted gesture. “… Six?” she proposed.

“It’s not really a matter of haggling.”

“Then what of, boy?”

“Uh. Only human… miss.”

A feather made of annoyance tickled up the inside of Marisa’s trembling, needy body. “Oh yeah?” she challenged. “A human who’s screwed a Tengu, if I recall. Without lying, stud – how many loads did you pump into the bitch, really? ‘Fore she let you tuck up your pants and go home?”

Such a direct line of questioning had never occurred in the young man’s trench-like worldview. From shock, through shame, Tarou’s expression at last settled into a nice, if poorly managed, look of contrition. “… Two,” he surrendered. “It was two. I did her once, came inside how she wanted, asked if I may leave, but… then, she knocked me flat on my behind and started licking me clean. ‘Time she was done, I… er, I was right back up. So, she got on top of me, and we went second round. Talked me all the way through, too – how to hit her good places, how to last longer… O—Once she did cum, though,” he insisted, “she really did conk out. Must’ve been way overtime. Afterwise, I, uh… I got myself off, pulled up my pants and scarpered. For real.”

I’ve not asked for a recap, thought Marisa. “… Two,” she said aloud. “Two times – for me to be your girlfriend? You drive a hard bargain, Tarou-boy.”

“Were you to be,” suggested the boy, “I could do it many, many more times. That’s a good trade, innit?”

“That’s for later,” argued Marisa. “And now? I told you, boy, I need it now. That place, where your damn cock’s rubbin’ up to? It’s going witchin’ wild. If I’ve to go home today without gettin’ pumped full, I’ll go nutty. I’m goin’ slightly, already. Get it, Tarou-boy? I. Need. Thisss.”

Contrition shifted into concern as the boy grappled with his newly-realised circumstance. “… Th—Then,” he offered, the responsibility for Marisa’s mental well-being weighty in his voice, “may we do it like I did with the Tengu lady? I’ll do you now, you can get me up again with your mouth afterwise, and we can see how many rounds I’ll go. And if my parents interrupt, I, er… I may know where to find a hay loft.”

Against all her earlier words, the prospect of taking Tarou’s spent, drug-smeared cock into her mouth and nursing it back to full mast before mounting it again crushed out all denying words. All which Marisa’s thin, suddenly wet lips may shape in response was a hoarse, eager, “Nnfffuck yes~ Let’s do that, let’s, let’s—”

“All right,” agreed Tarou…
… And, holding her up by the ass, boosted both her and himself off the bed. The Ordinary Witch let go of a girlish squeal, looping her arms behind his back, as Tarou carried her under the nearby wall – each bouncy step he made nudging his hard-on deeper inside her. A similar, though more disconcerted noise was squeezed out of her chest when the handsome boy extracted himself from her clinging womanhood and let her slip back to her own feet.

Marisa backed a step, less out of any wish to get away from the penis jutting out obscenely from Tarou’s groin than because the brief taste of sex had left her soft-kneed and weak all over with submission. Tarou, all silence and gorgeous muscle, hadn’t to do more than touch her hip to persuade the witch to turn around and face the wall. Marisa leaned forward, palms on the wooden panels, butt presented for the boy’s easier access. Her soaked, chiffon panties stuck to her skin as he peeled them down her plump ass and thighs. Once she felt them at her ankles, Marisa stepped out of the sexy garment, and spread her feet out wide.

All at once, she felt the insides of her thighs become runny with oil and slippery arousal. And then, once Tarou gripped one of her butt-cheeks and tweaked it to the side – more gushing out to drip on the floor. Giddier than when she’d been before her first sex, Marisa peeked back over a shoulder – in time to see the tall, ravishing boy bring his lubed-up manhood to her rear and sandwich it between the witch’s soft, natural cushions. Marisa whined under her breath, wiggling her hips – begging the boy to plug up the leak happening not five inches below. Tarou grunted his assent – grabbed his cock at the base – and dragged it down the witch’s crack, across her other hole, and down to the drooling entrance of her pussy. And then, no sooner than he felt out the opening, he pushed himself back inside.

Marisa’s velvety walls clenched around the entering cock-head, stripping it bare, as if trying to get (and give) the most out of the insertion, as it began its slow, sensual journey up to her baby-room. Inch after inch of Tarou’s young, hard cock slid into the witch’s tight pussy, with the help of both her hips being used as leverage. Already halfway to an orgasm, thighs quaking beneath her, it was all Marisa could do to clamp her jaw and keep herself from squirting then and there from the sensation of the boy’s shaft slowly sinking into and dominating her womanhood. A few torturous, amazing moments later, and the head of Tarou’s penis was once again kissing up with the mouth of her womb – the entire, veiny shaft stowed safely inside the witch’s tender vagina.

And Marisa was, at long last, living out the fantasy of getting fucked just like Reimu, that day she had first found out her best friend was sucking dicks for money. This was it. Stuck up against a wall, taken from behind like a bitch in heat, panties on the floor, tits hanging out of her open shirt… Sans, perhaps, those tits dangling like watermelons in a net, the witch had finally drawn even with the shrine maiden’s vulgar habits.

Tarou sweetened it all by leaning forward, placing a hand atop one of Marisa’s – pinning it to the wall – while slinging the other under the witch’s nude belly. His work-toughened fingers probed along the tense area above where the tip of his robust erection was playing footsies with her cervix.

“… Miss Marisa?”

His voice tickled the witch’s right earlobe from behind, causing her upper body to shudder in surprise – and not a little pleasure. “… Nyah— Yeah? What…?”

“If you stand a lil’ straighter,” said Tarou, “I’ll hit a good place when I put it in.”

“… That someth’n ya Tengu bitch told you?” tittered Marisa.

“Yeah.” He said it without hesitation.

The Ordinary Witch bit down on a lip. “… You blasted youkai-fucker—”

And then, scrambled to do as he had advised once she sensed his hips withdraw from her butt. It was difficult to move with any degree of control while the ridge of Tarou’s glans was scraping and scooping out her sensitive folds, but, somewise, she managed to shuffle her feet closer together and slightly right her back. The precocious boy – whose chin still hovered way above, even in this position – paused with his cock nearly all the way out, save for the witch’s pussy lips wrapped around the head.

“Tell me if I hit it,” he requested. “Yeah?”

And then, barely as Marisa had breathed in to reply, he drove his waist forward, hilting his manhood inside her woefully sensitive pussy.

A rich, womanly cry tore out of the witch’s immature chest – and not because of the suddenness of the insertion. The Tengu bitch had known how to get fucked. At this angle, almost upright, butt thrust out, when the boy’s hard-on had slipped inside her, its tip had rammed straight into her neglected G-spot before being redirected up toward her womb. Moreover, the rest of his long manhood – the entire, bumpy underside – then rode along the same path: grinding into and against the orgasmic spot, until bottomed out. Marisa breathed out explosively, her pussy quaking and her stomach juddering from stimulation. A less-than-brilliant thought intruded on her racing mind that it was maybe this why Reimu, too, had opted to get fucked in the same way. Once more, it seemed now, the Ordinary Witch had underestimated her slut of a rival.

No thought of being yet again shown up by Reimu, however, could spoil the climax building up between Marisa’s thighs. Tarou had needed no more confirmation that his Tengu partner had spoken the truth; releasing Marisa’s hand, he again seized her wobbly hips, holding them still while he extracted his long manhood – fresh pussy juice dribbling out after every inch pulled free. Then, giving the pervert witch no quarter, he pushed it back in. The Ordinary Witch moaned like a virgin discovering sex all anew – the prolonged assault on her weakest spot jabbing her fingernails into the wood of the wall, and making her rise on her tiptoes. Much as she had loved simply being crammed full of the boy’s handsome dick, that felt no more than foreplay now, beside the same dick blithely thrusting in and out while stumbling all over her best spots. Tarou, too, was enjoying the fast, unprotected sex – each slap of his hips against Marisa’s bubbly ass eliciting a grunt of satisfaction, and each spasm of her hot pussy – a small, unmanly groan.

It was, all in all, hopeless. In no time at all, the orgasm, which had begun when Marisa had first slipped her pussy down the boy’s impressive erection, had swelled beyond the stopping point. With the last of her self-control, Marisa peered back at the ruddy, breathless boy, who looked little better for wear than herself.

“Nhh— Tarou, Tarooou~” she managed to squeak. “Gonna cum, gonna cum, gonna cum~”

A flash of incredulity briefly sharpened the boy’s gaze. “Fuck— Already?”

“Sorryyyyy~”

Tarou cursed at volume – something the witch could no more decipher from the buzz in her ears anyway – grasped her right leg at the thigh, and hiked it up to his waist – all but topping the witch to the floor. Marisa teetered forward, falling flat against the wall, yelping in helpless fright as the boy pinned her to it with his sheer body mass. All of her protests were silenced the following moment – when the boy plunged his cock, from slippery head to hairy base, into her overworked pussy. And though this new, shallower angle of insertion merely snagged the special place he had been ramming down before, the doubled pace at which he speared her shivering walls now brought her to a long-desired orgasm all the same.

“Ta—” she whined, “Tarooou, I’m cumhhh—”

“I know!” groaned Tarou—

—And shoved his hard, palpitating manhood all the way into the witch’s creaming pussy.

A powerful throb presaged the boy’s semen bursting out and into Marisa’s dangerously ready baby room. It was all she could enjoy of the contentious creampie ahead her own climax smashed aside all feelings but that of overwhelming, numbing pleasure. Shivering, clenching her teeth, the Ordinary Witch hung her head – much as her best friend had, way back – and endured the ecstatic fits shooting up her body from that one, most sensitive area.

Tumbling down her nude front, Marisa’s golden eyes caught the sight of her partner – still trussing her up by the same thigh, and still keeping himself buried to the hilt inside her writhing pussy. Vaguely, and not without a jolt of alarmed excitement, she realised he, too, was still coming – and that each contraction of his swollen manhood meant another spurt of hot, potent semen flooding her fertile womb. A boy of no more than seventeen – and Marisa Kirisame, she who was supposed to care for his spiritual wounds, was instead creaming herself around his youthful cock, while he got her unavoidably, irresponsibly pregnant. It was the most amoral, flighty and reckless thing the Ordinary Witch had done to date.

And it was the absolute best.

All done knocking her up, Tarou tugged his half-withered penis out of the witch’s clammy depths. Not one, milky drop chased his departing length; not even when the boy stepped away, and watched Marisa attempt to stand upright on her own. Nor, the witch knew, would it. His seed would remain safe and cosy in her womb until she pushed him on the bed, got him all hard again, and started to bounce her hips up and down atop him – like a certain, slutty shrine maiden Marisa could put a name to. And then, the clueless boy would get a whole another school of slimy cock massage.

Afterglow was shunted aside when their stares met – understanding passing between them through body language alone. Tarou collapsed on the bed, while the witch retrieved the oil flask from her kit. What little of it had remained poured nicely over the boy’s limping manhood. Scents of coconut and kava suffused the room’s air with renewed force, all but masking that of male sweat and female arousal. It made Marisa salivate… and her tummy itch all over again.

The Ordinary Witch tossed the flask and knelt between the young man’s legs, drawing her blond hair behind her ears, ready and willing to prove, above all else, that she could give just as good of a blowjob as her orally-fixated best friend. Tarou’s penis, bolstered by the tonic (which Marisa would soon, inevitably, be imbibing herself) had already quit shrinking – and even tensed in anticipation as the witch caught it by the oil-slick base, and dipped her head to slide her warm lips around its crown.


And then, it outright jumped – when the tell-tale sound of a key being turned in a door downstairs reverberated throughout the house.

“So, then,” Marisa wrapped up her write-up, “I tells them the salve should be ‘nuff, but if they notice somethin’, well… Sure as the lightnin’, two days later – that is, today – the lad’s dad finds me at the market an’ asks me to come by again.”

Reimu eyed her over the steaming, clayware tea-cup. “You botched the ward?”

Marisa ventured a shrug – as much of one as her own cup would allow. “Who knows? Said nothin’ but that his boy needed another session. Haven’t been by; like as not will tomorrow.”

“Sloppy,” insisted her best friend, and took a long sip.

“Maaaybe,” granted Marisa. “Gods know that boy’s a hunk. Could’ve gotten distracted…”

There was a world of suspicion – mostly confirmed – in Reimu’s replying look. Yet, the shrine maiden made no comment. Only busied at her tea – as though the Ordinary Witch reportedly failing an art she had been polishing for years and years was nothing to warrant one.

Yup, thought Marisa. She can tell.

Though she had mentioned nothing beyond rubbing the salve into the boy’s broad back; though she slipped not a peep of then rolling him around to pour the rest over his naked crotch, Reimu had to know. How little Marisa had told made Reimu’s absence of inquest all the more telling.

And then, there were parts of the scene which Marisa wished she could hide even from herself. How she and Tarou had scrabbled for their clothes the heartbeat they had heard his parents returning. How the witch dove for her discarded panties, only to then pull them up her slippery legs. How the stud Tarou had positively dived into his underwear – ahead lying down on his stomach and suggesting, at a furtive hiss, that the witch pretend to be lathering his back still. And though the ruse had been successful on the surface, and they had been treated to no imputing remarks beyond the good-humoured – all the same, having to explain the treatment to Tarou’s father, while his adolescent son’s cum was sloshing in her womb, had been more than sobered-up Marisa could bear. And it was why, despite her horny promises, once she had come home that evening and chugged down a decanter of contraceptive tincture, Marisa had thoroughly cured herself of the thought of having sex with the handsome boy again.

Or, she thought she had. Until today.

A nervous, expectant tingle squeezed her thighs together. Marisa un-squeezed them just as soon, remembering where she was – drinking tea with Reimu on the shrine’s veranda; anyhow, the shrine maiden seemed not to notice, or care in the least. In fact, Reimu seemed a touch abstracted altogether, and nearly jolted to attention when Marisa spoke next.

“So? Got anythin’ curious yourself?”

Reimu set down her cup, propping her chin on one palm in that bored way she had. “… Kitsune attack,” she sighed. “Some kind of prank? Curse? Going tomorrow, so we’ll see.”

Now were Marisa’s brows fully perked up. “Older man?” she asked. “Can’t decide whether to leap ‘im or go around? Chortles like a frog?”

Her best friend peeked at her sidelong. “You know the guy?”

Do I, the witch sneered inside. “Friend of my father’s,” she said, with a fan of the hand. “Sounds t’ me, that kitsune’s up to old tricks again, huh. Well now.”

Reimu cocked her head. “Oh? Some youkai serial felon I haven’t heard about?”

Marisa made no comment on it. An idea was hatching in the cleverer part of her imagination – never mind the lewd one.

It made little matter, in the end, who went to mend the ward Marisa had, in Reimu’s view of things, botched. There was no façade thick enough between them to screen the truth that the “treatments” and “cares” weren’t for the people of the Human Village – but, in the main, for themselves. Whether for the money, or to have an itch scratched, their business was nothing if not their own. Competition, such as it was, existed solely between the two of them … if not exclusively in Marisa’s head. It was only that: two young, overbusy women, taking back what years they had lost, never experiencing the lower things in life. And even if Marisa had a creeping hunch they weren’t entirely on their own volition, and that the lingering influence the animal spirits had on their bodies had to be examined soon or late…

… If it gave her something in which to challenge her best friend and rival, Marisa Kirisame was happy to put it off. Who took which call for “aid,” therefore, was without consequence; and, since both of the men discussed had given Marisa’s body something to remember them by, she was not beneath giving the younger stud a nice surprise, and the older crook – a nasty scare.

And so, grinning, Marisa addressed her slutty friend once more.


“… Say, Reimu,” the Ordinary Witch said sweetly. “… Wanna trade?” 

Everything started from a little drunken walk in the woods. Though you might have been running. And you might have been chasing someone. Your recollection has never been super-clear. At the very least, you had stumbled off the beaten path and ended up in something of a muddy patch.

That’s where you first met Tenta, your current closest frenemy. Coming to and seeing him attached to your chest, much less seeing tentacles come out of you, was a shock, to say the least. Once you’d gotten used to his presence and had the chance to talk to him, you figured that you might as well roll with it until you can do something about it. Besides, a bit of playing around in the forest showed you that having tentacles could be fun and even useful.

Fast forwarding through the next couple of days, you had a pretty whirlwind tour of the way being literally attached to Tenta can complicate your life: You found out that he has a daughter, a nue named, oddly, Nue, who seems to have no problem getting really close with her dad. You also found out that he was somehow ‘acquainted’ in the past with none other than Yakumo Yukari. Even worse, you discovered that he had some sort of encounter with a previous Hakurei shamaness and ended up sealed away for it. Whatever his crimes, Yukari seemed overjoyed to see Tenta again, calling it a cause for celebration.

The most important complication out of all of this, though, was meeting Alice. Hooking up the way you did felt strange at first, but it didn’t take long for the two of you to get used to each other, not unlike how you got used to Tenta — albeit in a much more amiable way. Soon enough, you were staying around Alice’s house like the two of you were an item. Few days passed where you didn’t see Alice, even if you were out chasing other women at Tenta’s whim. The lonely (though sometimes rewarding) life of constant farming was no substitute for time spent with Alice now, even if the whole situation could be bonkers, to say the least.

In the midst of starting off your happy life together with Alice, Yukari intruded to inform you that celebrations were actually happening and you would be expected at them. The party itself was more like a conference, partly to announce that Tenta was back and partly to tell newcomers who he was. Various important faces across Gensokyo had shown up, some eager to see Tenta, others simply curious. After the talks, no less than Hieda no Akyuu grabbed you for some ‘quality time’. Then, Yukari retrieved you in order to conduct a meet-and-greet with her closest friends, where you proceeded to get very drunk and black out.

After that little shindig, you were rewarded with a hangover and a message from Yukari that she’d be around to pick you up once she’d worked out a date with Remilia. The exact significance of any such date didn’t hit until you went to find some food to settle your queasy stomach.

The night’s heavy indulgence hadn’t erased any of Alice’s memories, and the quiet distance she showed in the kitchen said everything before she even explained. Over coffee, she recounted your swift disappearance into Yukari’s fold, her discovery of you getting friendly with Remilia, and Yukari informing her that you would be paying the vampire a ‘very important visit’. Her somewhat cold re-telling of events did seem to prod snippets of your own experience loose. You especially remembered asking Remilia if kissing her was like kissing a corpse, and the warm, forceful answer you got. If the others hadn’t interposed, Tenta might have gotten things going right there on the couch; part of you would have been very okay with that.

After that, the rest of the day was a calm one, Alice spending most of it in her workshop. When she emerged, she acted surprised that you were there, as if she expected you to go off somewhere, though she also seemed happy that you hadn’t. That pleasantness lasted through dinner and a leisurely bath for two. The feeling carried such an innocence to it that it almost felt wrong to do anything more than hold hands and kiss after you made it to bed, much to Tenta’s irritation.

The following morning broke that spell, and the two of you ended up having a wonderful round of morning sex before Tenta woke up. Once the two of you were cleaned up and had breakfast, things settled down a little and you mutually decided a little apart time was best, just to make sure ‘normal’ life business got settled. You would go back to check on your plums while she did Alice things. So, for the next couple of days, you did the best you could getting back into your routine. Tenta complained all the while for lack of action, but there was enough food and booze to sedate him for the duration. The troublesome part was trying to keep him quiet from your neighbors.

Two or so days after you returned home, you woke in the middle of the night to a note left at your bedside: Remilia would be expecting you the coming afternoon. She recommended that you take the morning to see Alice, and that’s what you did. The time apart was enough to make the whole business seem a little less unpleasant than you’d been expecting. If anything, Alice seemed to be genuinely excited for you. She even made you promise to give her the details when you got back.

When Yukari came to get you, you kissed Alice good-bye, much to Yukari’s amusement, prompting jokes about her taking you away forever, something Alice liked much less. Not wanting anything to get started between them, you suggested hurrying on. The trip was literally instantaneous through the gap, as always. The eyes still bothered you.
 “I’d love to stay, but you know how it is. Always business to be taken care of!” Yukari says, laughing her almost cackling laugh. She turns to you, hands on her cheeks, lips drawn into a kissy-face. “Do take good care of him. I wouldn’t want his widdle Awwice to wowwy about hims.”

You grumble but don’t raise any protest. You know better than that by now.

The silver-haired woman who answered the door remains impassive in the face of Yukari’s clowning, merely bowing as if acknowledging an order. “As you wish, Lady Yakumo. No harm shall come to our guest while he stays within these walls. I shall see to it personally.”

But will she see to Tenta? He’s got a bad need to see just how long those legs are under that skirt.

‘Settle down. I’m sure Remilia will be more than happy.’

You say that like you’re not going to be there too.

“Oh, and make sure Tenta is happy and fed, too. He needs a steady diet of warm holes to live, you know!” Yukari adds before opening a gap and climbing half-way in.

You almost expect the maid to glare at Yukari for that, but she bows again. “I shall see that he is not without sustenance.” Her quicksilver eyes flit your way. “Personally, if need be.”

Hell yes!

“You’re such a dear, Sakuya. Anyway, it’s high time I got going. Ta-ta! Give Remi Dearest all of my kisses!”

Yukari blows several kisses before disappearing into the gap completely. The line where it had opened closes like a rapidly healing wound and then it’s gone, leaving you alone with the maid. As if working on some invisible cue, she turns to you and offers yet another bow, this one deeper than the last.

“Allow me to bid you welcome to the Scarlet Devil Mansion, dear guest. I shall be serving you to the best of my ability for your visit. I am the chief maid here, Izayoi Sakuya. A pleasure to make your acquaintance.”

Unused to that sort of deference, you drop down into a bow. “S-Same here! My name is, erm… Actually, just call me Kinkan. Everybody else does.”

“As you wish, Master Kinkan,” she replies with little notice paid to your bowing. She pulls the massive door all the way open, gesturing inside. “As it is still rather bright outside, do come in. Tea will be served shortly.”

Stepping into the foyer of the mansion is something not unlike going through one of Yukari’s gaps in terms of sheer disorientation. You got a pretty good look at the mansion from the outside, and there is no fathomable way for all of what you’re seeing to fit inside. The ceiling alone goes up so high that all you can see in the dim light is pitch black — or pitch red, considering how everything is colored. You quickly look more towards the ground to avoid swooning.

“It is a matter of time and space. Nothing more,” Sakuya says.

“Pardon?”

“Ah, my apologies. My explanation must have been lacking. What I mean to say is that the mansion has its own sense of time. As one moves through space, one also moves through time. Hence, moving more slowly through time means one covers less ground, making the space bigger. Making that happen is a simple manipulation.”

A silver pocket watch materializes in the chief maid’s hand. Seeing your dumbfounded face, a quiet smile breaks her stoniness. “One of many things I happen to be capable of. Had I not that capability, I would not be fit to serve Milady.”

“I-I see. Sounds handy.”

Tenta makes an intrigued sound inside your head. The thought of being able to stop time probably brings to mind all sorts of questionable uses. And potentially hot ones.

Just think about it. She could be touching your dick right now and you probably wouldn’t even notice.

The pocket watch disappears from her hand. “As Master Kinkan says. Now, in the interests of keeping to schedule, it would be best if I conducted you to the salon for tea. Please follow closely, if you would.”

Sakuya leads you through what feels like endless hallways before stopping at a dark room. Once she opens the door fully, candles burst to life inside the room, startling you just a bit. Still, at her insistence, you step inside and find your way to a table that looks like it wasn’t there moments ago.

You’re about to start asking questions when tea arrives on your table with — or so you imagine — a pop. There no time for you to be surprised before Sakuya’s already poured a cup and set it in front of you, all the involved movement you barely even notice happening.

The tea you get is of a fairly different shade than you’re used to, leaning more red than green. You’ve certainly heard of tea like that, but you can’t claim to have ever so much as smelled any. Speaking of which, something of a flowery scent comes from the tea, which is a bit unexpected. You start to tip the cup back when Sakuya stops you.

“If I may impose, adding sugar is customary when drinking this sort of tea.” She presents a small bowl filled with dazzling white crystal cubes, picking one up in a pair of tongs with a glance in your direction.

You nod for lack of a better idea what else to do, and she drops the cube in your tea, followed by another for good measure, taking your spoon and stirring. Stirred well, the tea swallows the cubes until they disappear. You’re still looking at your cup in wonder when you notice Sakuya lingering. Quickly, you take a sip, careful not to burn your tongue and lips.

“Oh, wow, it’s not too sweet. Really nice,” you say.

“An honor that it pleases you. If you care to know, what you are drinking is actually a tisane rather than a tea. It is an original blend of my invention containing—”

A continuous metallic ringing interrupts Sakuya. She thrusts her hand into her pocket, pulling out another watch, which she silences with click.

“Right on time.” In the blink of an eye, she crosses something out in a notepad, writes something else in, and closes it.

Oh boy, is it time for time-stop blowjobs? I sure hope it is.

Some part of you doubts that’s the case; a sillier part of you kind of hopes it is. You sit in rather tense silence as Sakuya stands still, seeming to look more past you than at you. You begin wondering if she’s also able to fall asleep with her eyes open.

Right when you start thinking about shaking her shoulder, however, she springs back to life. “Pardon me. I needed a moment to handle something and organize my thoughts.”

“That’s, um, alright,” you say, unsure what that could possibly mean.

“Seeing as you are here and settled, I should give you some idea as to what Milady has planned. Unfortunately, I was unable to set any particulars ahead of time. Milady was in a rather whimsical mood and would not commit to any timetable. Therefore, I have only a rough schedule, which is as follows: tea and light snacks in the early afternoon, time to enjoy the premises in the mid-afternoon, a light supper in the late afternoon, Milady awakens around sundown, followed by introductions and socializing in the lounge. Everything from there is at Milady’s discretion.”

Sakuya pauses to offer you a look of some significance. “I have prepared all necessary rooms. You may not have been informed, but Milady intends you to stay through tomorrow and the next day. Perhaps longer, if she’s so inclined.”

The words ‘perhaps longer’ give you some pause. Yukari never did give you much idea how long this whole outing was going to be, but you were under the impression it would be a short one. If things stretch out too long, it’ll be pretty inconvenient with the farm work. Plus, you really don’t want to worry Alice.

Relax. I’ll handle the sexy vampire while you keep thinking about Alice. The time’ll fly!

‘If I’m going to be here too, I’m going to have some say in things.’

Ugh, fine. For my sake, I just hope you don’t nerd it up too bad.

“What are the chances she’ll want me to stay longer?” you ask Sakuya.

The chief maid’s eyes swing toward the ceiling. Moments pass before she gives any indication of giving an answer. “Perhaps it is not my place to give opinions. However, I am Milady’s closest confidant, so I know her heart best of all in this mansion. Accordingly, I would say that the likelihood is a remote one. Milady is…”

She raises a hand to offer some idea of Remilia’s character. You try to mentally pluck it from her hand, but the whole thing just dissipates into the air. You want to press for something more solid, but you’re not sure if you’ll get it. Saying what her mistress is comes off as one of those tricky sorts of issues.

Seeing that her invisible present hasn’t erased any worries from you, she offers a slight smile instead. “In any case, it would be remiss of me to forget the snacks for the tea.”

With a wave of her hand, the table is instantly lined with plates of all kinds of brightly-colored things, most of which you’ve never laid eyes on. Out of what you recognize, there are sandwiches of some kind, cakes with berries on them, and things made with chocolate.

“I hope it is to your liking. If not, I might be able to arrange something different.”

“I think I can find something.” You can hardly stop gawking at the spread. Whether or not it tastes good, it’s certainly a feast for your eyes.

Sakuya titters. “As you say, Master Kinkan. Then, until sundown, I must take my leave. Please excuse me.”

You look up, questions about your stay still lingering, but she’s already vanished. A frustrated sigh heaves from your chest. This kind of thing seems to be happening to you a lot lately.

Don’t let it get to you. Yukarin gets off on games where only she knows the rules. Only thing you can do is keep playing and enjoy.

“I sure hope you’re right,” you say out loud. With Sakuya gone, you guess she won’t hear your talking to yourself.

A tentacle swings out to grab various odds and ends from the table, putting them on a plate and setting it in front of you. [i]Look, I know you and me got trust issues. But I’m telling you, sometimes you just gotta let go and live a little. Think of it like a… a vacation! Yeah, that’s it. It’s like a little vacation away from the farm. You’ll have lotsa fun and go back to Alice with all kinds of memories to share.[i]

You open up one of the sandwiches to see what’s inside. There’s some meat you don’t recognise and a bit of lettuce. A quick smell test tells you it’s alright, so you have a bite. Whatever it is, it’s not too salty or gamey, just the faintest hint of a ‘meat’ taste to go with the lettuce. The little sandwich goes down in two not altogether unpleasant bites.

“Yeah. I guess I could try it. Try looking at it that way,” you say, licking your lips. “Why not?”
Leaning back in your chair with a groan, partly sated, partly miserable, thoughts about what’s coming later crash into your food-addled mind. The sheer volume of pastries, sandwiches, and gods know all what else you packed in have turned into a lead weight in your guts. You’ll be lucky if you don’t make it to Remilia’s bedroom with indigestion.

For both our sakes, let’s hope you work some of it off before then. I’d hate for you to yark on Remilia. Unless she’s into that.

“I sure hope not. On both accounts,” you say, a belch forcing its way from the back of your throat.

Gastric worries aside, however impressive the amount of snacks you engulfed, none of that really looks to have mattered. Platters upon platters form a wall that looms from one end of the table to the other. The remaining contents almost laugh at you, telling you that you can eat all you want, but you’ll never manage to make them disappear. Prickles of shame join in to remind you that food is almost sacred and wasting it an unforgivable offense.

“I’m only one guest,” you grumble.

Two.

“Whatever. Not like you even eat.”

Unable to let such bounty go to waste, you decide that even taking a little of it with you is better than nothing. Your napkin makes a decent enough holder for some cookies. When you reach for your pouch, you grasp thin air rather than the cord and fastener. One of the casualties of Yukari not giving you much notice before spiriting you away from Alice’s, you realize with a grumble. Tucking the bundle into your belt suffices in lieu of more secure storage.

About that time, a rattling knock at the door nearly sends you rolling out of your chair. The caller doesn’t bother waiting for a response before the door comes busting wide open. At the front of a crowd of mob caps, a headwear-less, pink-haired faerie looms in the doorway — inasmuch as a faerie can loom — eyes fixed intently on the mountains of snacks.

Somehow, you should have expected to see these faerie maids at some point. Rumors swept through the village about them as far back as the red mist incident, and still you’re dumbstruck seeing them in the flesh. You rise from your seat, thoughts of greetings or questions pushed aside by pure novelty.

The faerie at the head immediately marches up to you, greeting you with a salute. “Greetings, Mister Guest, sir. The chief said you’d probably be done by now. Leave the leftovers to us. They’ll be gone in a jiff.”

“All yours, I guess,” you reply, eyeing the doorway. The gathering crowd of maids looks ready to bust the walls open and come pouring through the breach.

Now there’s a buffet.

Seeing that you’re clear of the table, the pink-haired faerie turns to the gathering, letting out a whistle loud enough to make you clutch your ears, signalling for their attack to begin. Barely seconds pass before they’ve encircled the spread like wolves ready to tear apart a deer. Just like that, the tea room is turned into a blur of buzzing wings, grabbing hands, and the occasional pained cry or enraged cat noise. Faeries literally roll on the floor in tussles over what end up as fistfuls of crumbs and jam. You’re pretty sure you even saw one of the maids bite another.

‘A buffet that’d probably eat you by accident.’

Biting’s always good in my book.

You agree to disagree and tiptoe around the flailing and kicking bodies that dot the way to the door. When you reach the sane end of the room, another faerie blocks the doorway, this one merely standing there with her arms folded, glaring at the unfolding carnage. She clicks her tongue upon seeing you approach.

You raise your hands in a gesture of peace. “Not joining in the fun?”

The glaring maid’s expression doesn’t ease up, her purple eyes radiating ice. Tossing her tangerine-rind hair, done in coils that have to take forever to get right, she harrumphs at your lame joke.

“The chief’s too busy to deal with you, so she left me. I’m Lia.” She grips her long skirt, dipping into a stiff bow while still looking you right in the face. “A pleasure to meet you, dear respected guest,” she finishes, her intonation easily as stiff as her bow.

Some sense of guilty courtesy spurs you into bowing back despite a hunch that it’s not expected. Or warranted, for that matter. Seriously, why are you bowing to a faerie, of all things? “Nice to meet you, too. Just call me Kinkan. I’m not too good with all of that formality stuff.”

“As you wish—” she glances in direction of the chaos again, then back to you with a flash of teeth, almost a snarl, “—Master Kinkan.”

I’ll take her!

‘Let’s not. I don’t think she’d be in the mood.’

Tenta groans. Are you kidding me? She’s practically asking to be broken. I know a good challenge when I see one!

‘I think you’ve been asleep too long.’

You take another look at Lia, who’s still watching the scene in the tea room with a scowl. As if sensing you looking at her, she quickly turns away with a sniff and floats off down the hall without a word.

‘See?’ You break into a trot just to stay on her tail, her own squat-legged patter covering a deceptive amount of ground compared to your fumbling gait. ‘I doubt she’s in for Tenta play.’

Okay, but consider what she said: Ms. Time-Stop put her up to this. That means she practically has to go for some Tenta-dick! Why else would her boss leave her in charge of looking after us? I say you get her to find a decent bedroom and…

You grumble under your breath, hoping Lia doesn’t hear you. ‘I can’t believe you sometimes. Look, how about this? I’ll try and find an opportunity to ask her. No funny business, no sudden tentacles, none of that stuff. If she says no, we find someone else.’

You’re actually serious, aren’t you? Tenta groans again, the roots on your chest wriggling in chorus. Why did I have to get stuck to a style-cramping dork?

You’d remind him exactly how he ended up stuck to you, but you’d also like to not listen to him whine for the next several hours. You elect for ignoring his nonsense and walking in near-silence with Lia. The walk might have been completely silent were it not for the alternating sounds of Lia muttering something and audibly gnashing her teeth. Given that sort of atmosphere, you’re not keen to jump into conversation, so you simply focus on keeping pace. As you fall into a steady stroll, even that concern falls away, and you find yourself looking Lia up and down.

It really is a shame that she comes off as a snappy, angry type considering how pretty her face is, the clear lines around her jaw and cheeks making her look older than most faeries, not a chubby-cheeked little girl but more of a young woman. Fitting with the mansion’s cold, high-class air, her skin is a snowy porcelain shade, only offset by the pale flush in her cheeks. Her shape is striking to your eye, too. Despite her uniform, it’s not hard to see that she’s got hips and a waist that tapers inwards. They’re the sorts of lines any guy would like to run his hands up and down late at night or early in the morning. You can even tell her chest, while nothing mind-blowing, has a bit of heft to it, especially in faerie terms. She’s practically a well-shaped woman shrunk down to faerie size.

And now that you’ve had a look, you can see exactly why Tenta was so quick to slobber over her. The fact that you’ve got something of a stiffy going adds to the conflict you feel over the very thought.

So much for Mister “I wanna protect the pure and innocent fae”.

‘I never said anything like that.’ You might have been implying it, but that was then. This is now.

Speaking of now, it occurs to you that the three of you have been moving through the mansion for a few minutes, and you have no idea where you’re going. Lia shows no sign of volunteering an explanation, so you have to take a deep breath and make yourself ask. When you do take that necessary gulp of air, she stops to looks over her shoulder at you.

“A question, Master Kinkan?”

You splutter for a moment but catch yourself. “I was just going to say. You never said where we’re going.”

Lia heaves a small sigh, tossing her hair over her shoulder as if to say she’s above such trivial concerns. Her face softens, shifting from distaste to mere irritation. “The billiard room. The chief said to keep you entertained. Will that work?”

The fuck’s a ‘billiard’? Only one entertainment here for me, girl.

You’re also at a loss as to what a ‘billiard’ might be, but you can tell when somebody’s being snotty because they’re in a bad mood. Even if whatever’s got her stirred up isn’t your fault, there’s a part of you that wants to find something to cheer Lia up — if only because you really would like to spend some time behind closed doors with her.

When she looks away from you, intent on going ahead, something flickers back from your recent memory. Maybe it’s a silly idea. You’ve been surprised how silly ideas have worked in the past. You quickly pull the bundle of cookies from your belt.

“Hold on,” you call out. As soon as she turns, you hold the napkin open to show off sweets you’ve been holding. “You wanted some, right? I took a few for later, but you’re welcome to them.”
You’re not sure who the faerie crashing onto the bed is. She has the same orange hair, purple eyes, and pale skin as Lia. You’re fairly sure she even thinks calls herself Lia. And yet, you can’t reconcile that cold, scowling face you remember with the tiny figure rolling on a bare mattress, wings buzzing as she giggles in delight. Something about the sight makes your stiffy feel even more wrong.

Ain’t nothing wrong about giving a girl what she wants. Especially if it’s a nice hot dicking.

‘I dunno, though. That’s a pretty strong reaction over some cookies. Is that really normal?’

The roots on your chest wiggle like they’re giving a shrug. With faeries, who knows what ‘normal’ means?

Unfortunately, you can’t help but agree with Tenta on that. However, you never expected Lia would grab you by the hand, lead you down endless hallways, shove you in a side room, and practically shake you down for a few cookies. Most of what you caught through her excited babbling was that Sakuya had forbade her from any sweets while on the job. In other words, your hunch about her was right; not being able to join in massacring your tea leftovers had put her in a foul mood.

The instant she crammed one of the jam-covered treats into her mouth, all in one piece, her entire expression melted into that of an overjoyed child receiving her heart’s desire. That’s how she ended up kicking and squealing on the bed, with you watching and hating how much seeing her well-crafted little body writhe turns you on. After some time, she eventually settles down and sits up, illuminating you with a grin almost too bright to bear.

“You have no idea how much I needed that.”

“Quite a bit, I guess,” you say with a self-conscious laugh. You fidget a little, praying she doesn’t look toward your crotch.

“Ever since those jerkwads threw me out of the kitchen, it’s been ‘Lia, no sugar’ this and ‘Lia, the chief said no sweets’ that.” She kicks her legs against the bedframe in a burst of mixed joy and anger. “So any little bit I can get is fan-fucking-tastic!”

You bristle a little at how quickly she went from stiff to outright vulgar but try not to let it show. “Aw, well, it was nothing. Probably wouldn’t have eaten them later, anyway.”

As if hit by a jolt of electricity, Lia bolts upright on the bed, face alight with a mischievous energy as she leans toward you. “Oh! Speaking of the kitchen! I bet you anything the chief’s not gonna be there right now.”

“Is that… a good thing?”

“Great for us. Especially great for you. You’re a big strong human. A few faeries wouldn’t be much for you to deal with, right? Huh?” She’s leaning so close you can feel her jam-scented breath, neither the scent nor the heat doing anything to tame the lump in your loincloth. Her eyes have flared into purple starbursts. A hunger wells up from deep into their glowing depths, hypnotizing you with their energy.

Hah! I knew I liked that maid. No way she’d leave us a faerie without a little freak in her. And this one doesn’t bother to hide. The leering pervert drips from Tenta’s voice, Lia’s charms evidently working on him as well.

You swallow a lump in your throat and nod. This close to her, your hands jitter with an eagerness to grab hold of Lia.

“Good,” Lia coos, dropping her voice down low and coming almost cheek-to-cheek with you. “Because, if you help me with something, I’ll do something really, really nice for you. A nice thing for a nice human who’s nice to cute little faeries.”

You gasp as both of her hands touch your crotch to drive her point home. Without even looking down, she runs in careful lines around the bulge now straining your trousers to their limit, making you shudder with the soft pressure applied by her thumbs.

“L-Like what? What sort of nice thing?” you croak.

Giving a jingling laugh, Lia grabs one of your fidgeting hands, singles out a finger, and brings it up to her mouth. Sugary paradise engulfs your middle finger inch by inch, her hot little mouth hardly enough to fit the whole thing. What really drives you to the edge is when she keeps going despite your longer-than-average finger. The tip hits resistance at the opening of her throat before slipping deeper, the muscles squeezing like another tiny hand.

Tenta’s roots tremble in near orgasmic joy. Ho-ly shit, jackpot! You can’t turn her down, man. This is too good to pass up. Even for a dweeb like you.

You slip your finger out of her mouth, not wanting to risk a mess in your trousers. The offer she’d just made is too good to waste your fully-engaged enthusiasm on just a taste test. Grabbing her shoulders carefully, you hold her at arms-length.

“Name it and I’ll do it.”

Moments later, you and Lia are crouched outside the doors to the kitchen, listening to the bustle of what has to be almost a hundred faeries working like rows of machines. Your first peek through a crack in the doors drained most of the bravado you felt as you strutted in front of Lia.

To hear Lia tell it, the whole affair is easy: just steal her some sugar from the kitchen and you get a hot, sticky faerie blowjob. Sure, the kitchen is rarely unoccupied, but that’s no big deal to a big, strong human like you, right? Just waltz in and ignore the tens of faeries who could dog-pile you before you know what to do. Oh, and don’t get caught by the supervisors running up and down the rows. They have whistles to call Sakuya if any trouble breaks out.

Despite those difficulties, backing down is the furthest thing from your mind, not even an option at this point. As soon as you showed any doubt, Lia made sure to remind you what was at stake by licking and sucking her own finger while staring straight at your crotch. No, this is a do-or-die moment. You just have to do without dying, and then you’ll know just how skillful Sakuya’s personal choice of faerie maid is at meeting your needs. 
“I know a big, strong human like you can figure something out. Meanwhile, I’m gonna go wait over here. Come get me when you’re done!”

There was no room to argue before Lia skipped off into a nearby room. You’d really hoped to get some help from her, if only because it’s her errand.

More than that, you were already worried about pulling this off. All you knew was that you had a kitchen full of faeries between you and the sugar and no plan to get through any of it. If you screwed up, having no plan and no sugar would be the least of your concerns. Thus, you were left standing still in front of the kitchen, fretting about what to do.

You’ve probably stuck your head half-way through the kitchen doors more than a half-dozen times in the past twenty minutes, hoping that a good look inside will conjure up some great idea to save the day. So far, that strategy has been less than fruitful. One of the whistle-wielding faeries, the supervisors, nearly looked straight at you one time. You’re pretty sure that they’ll keep getting more suspicious the longer you stick around. It’s a wonder some other of the mansion staff hasn’t wandered by to ask what you’re doing.

Tenta’s roots deflate as he heaves a sigh. If you’d just sack up and do something already, none of this would be an issue.

‘Easy for you to say. You heard the part where they’ve got whistles, right? To call the chief maid? That’s not going to end well.’

So? We’ll just dick her too if comes to that.

‘We don’t even know what she can do. As far as I’m concerned, she’s dangerous. She can disappear and reappear like that.’ You snap your fingers to underscore your point. ‘And we know she can control time. Let that sink in. Time.’

Listen, junior, I’ve taken down lots of powerful women with the power of dick.

You clutch at your head. This conversation might very well throw you into migraine territory if it goes on any longer. ‘Are you even listening to yourself? We’re here to get sugar for a faerie, not beat a time-stopping maid with “the power of dick”! And, frankly, I’m starting to feel like even that’s not worth it!’

And you act like I’m dense! You felt how deep Lia can go. Think of that on your twig and berries, man! You’re really just gonna throw that away? The roots pulse with more force, almost obliging you to hold onto your chest.

‘Considering the chances of pulling this off are looking bad, yeah, I think I have a right to!’

They’re only looking bad because you’re being a nerd about it!

‘Well, what do you suggest I do then, genius!’

Tenta rumbles and makes his roots squirm in equally growing annoyance. If you’re gonna be such a puss about it, get some kitchen faerie to help you! Just grab one of the little shits and… The roots go limp again, all of the force falling out of his voice. A pair of tentacles wave like a dejected shrug. I don’t know. Shit, just ask them to get you the sugar or something. I’m too tired to argue anymore.

With Tenta fizzling out, you suddenly find yourself out of steam too, which is a bit irritating. You’d really like to finally shut his mouth for once. Or maybe that your throbbing temples talking. You massage them, bracing yourself against the wall while you recover. It takes a deep breath and a few quiet moments before you can even think clearly again.

This whole thing is pretty stupid, you’ll admit. A smarter you would just move on and let faeries be faeries. However, when you think of how far in your finger went…

‘Gods help me. I guess I’m gonna have to admit that, for the second time today, you actually have an alright idea.’

You say that like it’s a surprise. Tenta forces a chuckle.

‘It’s my little vacation, so what’s the harm in a little trouble?’

Now you’re sounding less like a nerd. You might not even need Tenta’s help getting laid if you keep that up. So, what’s the game plan?

‘If nothing else, I’m gonna need your help for this. And we’re going to need all the luck we can get.’



Mere minutes later, you’re standing in the massive pantry. You never would have thought there’d be a side entrance. Luckily, that’s just a matter of your lack of imagination.

Rows upon rows of shelves full of all manner of things you’ve never seen before line the place. Thanks to all of the stone, and the fact that there’s very little in the way of light in here, you’re already feeling a bit chilly from standing around.

Should’ve gone with closed-toed shoes.

‘You’re telling me.’

“Found it!” calls a voice from several rows off, followed by an echoing thud.

In a moment of near panic, you watch the door closely to see if anyone comes busting in. When it’s clear that you’re still safe, you slip over to the shelves where you heard the call.

“How in the hell are they not hearing us out there?” you ask.

The faerie who guided you in, as luck would have it, one of the blue-shawled supervisors, gives a dismissive putter of her lips. “The girls make such a racket normally, if you got locked in here, you’d be screwed!”

The thought gives you pause. You make a surreptitious check to see if your guide is still wearing her key around her neck; thankfully, it’s still hanging there. With faeries, especially ones who have reasons to screw you over, you can never tell.

Oh, come on. You think those shitty old doors could stand up to a Tenta pounding?

‘I’ll take your word for it, but let’s not go breaking Remilia’s stuff.’

Just sayin’.

Assured that you might not end up a prisoner in Remilia’s pantry, you take a look at the goods you’ve been looking for. Your minuscule guide has somehow hauled down a box that would break the backs of a lot of humans. From out of that, she’s pulled out several cloth sacks, all helpfully labelled ‘Sugar’. You guess they must all be the same weight and size. Figuring one’s as good as another in that case, you pluck one from the pile.

“Well, anyway, thanks for the help.”

You’re about to walk off when the supervisor grabs you by the wrist. “Now, hold on, there. Ain’t you forgetting something? Like a little deal we made, perhaps, hmm?”

“I didn’t,” you say placatively. You open the bag and clasp a generous bit of the loamy brown contents. “A human fistful. Because you’ve been really helpful.”

“Niiiiiiiice.”

She scrambles to grab the clump of sweetness from your outstretched palm, not wasting a moment before chomping off an end. Her wings buzz to the point of lifting her off the ground, followed by a prompt fall to earth, bumping her butt on the cold stone floor. This doesn’t faze her at all, though, and she gives a contented sigh, slumping against the nearest shelf in bliss.

“Y’know, you’re not too bad for a human. I can see why Lia’d make you her errand boy.”

You freeze in place. Not once have you mentioned Lia’s name to this faerie.

“How did you…”

The supervisor fae laughs giddily, perhaps under the influence of the sugar. “Oh my gosh, you didn’t even know! That’s hilarious! You poor baby!”

Something seizes up in your gut. “Mind letting me in on the secret?”

“Oh, honey, it’s no secret around here. Let me guess, she promised to suckle your honey-spout?” She leans in eagerly to confirm her guess. Seeing some tell flickering in your face, a broad grin splits her face. “Yep, I knew it! Same thing as everyone else. About everybody in the kitchen’s got a turn at this point. Really gets around, that girl.”

You point at the faerie questioningly. She giggles even harder and sticks out two fingers. Seeing her run her tongue lovingly between them, coating them in sticky sugar juice, sends a tingle down below even more intense than when Lia was making similar gestures. You knew faeries were quick to give in to lust. You just had no idea that they could be so lewd on their own.

“Got a tongue on her that doesn’t quit. Not when she wants something.”

The faerie’s wings give a little buzz, a fire blooming in her cheeks. Her knees grind together under her skirt, and you notice her hand scooting up toward a bulging pinpoint in her shirt, inhaling loudly as her fingers caress it.

“Ah, gosh, you got me thinking about it again,” she purrs.

You can feel Tenta’s roots wiggling on your chest, though he’s not saying anything. Just in case he gets any ideas, you hold tight to keep any tentacles from leaping out — tempted as you are yourself. You try to swallow but your mouth is dry.

“And that’s it?”

Your faerie guide opens her eyes from her reverie to shake her head. “She’s a crafty one when she wants to be, and real quick to try something. Heck, she wanted to pull a fast one on me…”

Her train of thought is interrupted by her fingers gripping her very obviously stiff nipple, twisting it. Humming with delight, she looks at you through half-lidded eyes. They drift down to your swollen package, followed by her hands drifting up to it, caressing it with even more reverence than Lia. You want to step back and yet allow her to keep touching you anyway. She gives another entranced hum.

“I always knew it’d be bigger than a faerie’s, but wow. Lucky Lia.” She gives you a gentle squeeze. “Just make sure you get what you want before she does. A fellow like you deserves that much. Meanwhile, I think I need some time alone.”

You nod and, reluctantly, remove yourself from the supervisor faerie’s loving petting. The good part about it is that you’re primed and ready to go, at least. As you head to the door, the faerie calls out to you one last time.

“Hey, Mister Human.”

“No ‘honoured guest’?” you joke.

“Pardon. Just wanted to say: My name’s Emma.” She winks at you. “Come talk to me again sometime. I’m a match for any youngin’ like Lia.”

“I’ll—” In an odd burst of excitement, your voice breaks. You clear your throat. “I’ll remember that. See you, Emma.”

“See you, Mister Human,” Emma says with a throaty giggle, followed by a yelping moan. Her other hand’s been busy this whole time.



Somehow, you’d have expected Lia’s eyes to be sparkling seeing an absolute mound of her beloved sugar. You might have even secretly hoped it would result in her stripping her clothes off and offering much more than to suckle you.

What you actually get is an appraising look followed by a toss of her hair. “This is everything?”

“That’s all I could get. I don’t think Emma would have let me go with any more,” you say, trying not to let Lia’s lukewarm attitude get to you.

“Ah, Emma,” she responds with another toss of her hair, eyes looking away meaningfully as she toys with one of her curls.

“She told me you—”

You’re silenced by Lia putting a finger to your lips. She’s smiling, but it lacks the mischief from before. Her hand brushes your knee.

“I can imagine. Such a gossip. Well, now that you know, what do you think? Pretty disgusting, right?” She peels down your trousers, her hands sliding up under your robe, fingers tickling your inner thighs. Clearly enjoying your mildly stunned reactions, she moves close enough to your bundle that you can feel the heat radiating from her palms. “A maid who only enjoys sweet things and…”

She moves away all of a sudden, looking at the sugar sack. “Speaking of which, can I have some, please? Just a taste.”

“I don’t know. How do I know you’ll give me what you promised?” You open your legs a little more for emphasis.

Hold up, I just got an idea. Do me a favour and get your dick out.

The look on your face hearing that makes Lia start giggling. Your face flushes. You really need to learn how to not let your conversations with Tenta leak out.

“Something the matter, Master Kinkan?” Lia asks, barely able to stifle her tittering.

Ahem. Tenta runs a tentacle out, dipping into the sugar and coming back with a smear of it on the end.

You stare at the tentacle. Lia, as you notice, also stares at the tentacle. The room suddenly has that atmosphere of utter bafflement. After a moment of staring at Tenta, Lia shifts to you, looking for an explanation. You only just realise that she hasn’t even seen him before.

‘Shit. What do I do?’

You can start by getting your dick out like I asked.

‘I mean, about her!’

Tenta gives a weary sigh. Another tentacle wriggles out, a smaller one, waving like an arm at Lia. She looks blankly at it, looking between it and you. It waves again.

Lia sheepishly returns the wave. “Hi?”

Say something already. Tell her who I am.

“He, erm, says hi. He’s… my friend,” you manage after some spluttering and pausing.

Master talker here. Never mind that I’m also a sex god or anything. Wouldn’t want her to have a good impression.

Still not showing much reaction, Lia’s eyes drift between the tentacles, particularly fixing on the one coated in sugar. Her wings give a faint buzz.

Finally, she shrugs. “Oh, I see. As long as that’s all.”

See? Big deal over nothing.

You honestly can’t believe it was that easy. If all faeries are this easy to convince, what else could you possibly accomplish?

Despite having been ignored for the past minute or two, your erection chimes in to let you know that it concurs with your thoughts. Luckily, you’ve got a cute faerie here for just such an occasion. You shift on the bed, making the slightly rusty springs creak, and shift your loincloth until it’s loosened. Its contents spring up immediately, twitching and red with a drive for action so urgent, you’re almost afraid it might actually explode.

Thank you, Tenta mutters. And don’t get any ideas from this.

The sugared tentacle swoops down to your crotch. You squirm as it paints your stiffness with a mixture of sugar and slightly warm goop. A low groan of pleasure jumps from your lips, and you feel yourself flushing. Admitting that Tenta’s ministrations feel good is something that you can’t let yourself admit. Lia has been watching the whole process with some interest.

“You two must be pretty good friends,” she says, giggling.

Tenta pulls back, the tendril retreating into you. There we go. One sugary treat for a hot little faerie.

‘You could have just told me,’ you thought-grumble.

You’re the one being weird about it. Hell, you ought to be thanking me. Now you both get what you want!

Of course, you know he’s right. The crystals of sugar glistering on your length make for a sight that Lia can’t peel her eyes away from. Her tongue flits out to wet her tender pink lips. She wants it. You want her.

“He’s a very caring friend. See how thoughtful he was? There’s some nice sugar here. Waiting for a taste.”

That was a quick turn-around.

You wield your erection, dangling it like a fishing lure, having to suppress a smirk at memories of immature jokes as a boy. It’s as good a signal as any, and Lia nods, climbing up onto the bed next to you. Her skirt fabric brushing your leg as she gets comfortable just adds to the anticipation. The silkiness of her curls when she moves her head down takes it further.

You put your hand on her shoulder. “Hold on. Where’s the word of gratitude to my friend? Let me hear a ‘Thanks, Tenta.’”

She looks up from between your legs, hiding a laugh in her hand. Her hand runs down to cup your jewels and slowly caress them. The resulting soft hum from you makes her wings flutter.

“Thank you very much, Tenta. You’re so kind.” Sticking out her tongue, she blows a hot breath right onto your length, smiling when it twitches. “Looks yummy.”

Her tongue closes the distance, ticklishly flitting around your tip, then scooping down to rake bits of sugar off the underside. She pries your fingers off the base and takes it for herself. With full control now, she slides around your erection, led by the tip of her tongue, trying to find every morsel of sweetness. Her breathing turns ragged.

Considering you’ve been pent up for a couple of days — you being away from Alice and quite busy anyway — Lia’s frantic licking alone is enough to bring you towards the edge. The softness of her tongue as it laps up your sugar coating drives you wild, making you grip the bed.

Sheesh. You could’ve taken care of that easily.

‘It’s a little awkward when a certain someone is there!’

You put your hand on her head, trying to signal her to slow down. “I’m not going anywhere. J-Just enjoy it.”

Lia bats your hand away and ignores your suggestion. She seems lost in her own little world when she’s at work on your stiffy; Emma was right about her having a tongue that doesn’t quit. Then, her lips close around the skin, bringing out loud slurping noises that only stop when she pauses for another lick.

Popping her lips from your fully-excited cock, she takes a moment to appreciate it in all its magnificence, stroking it with a mix of awe and admiration. “It’s so big. Bigger than any I’ve seen here.” She brings her lips close to the tip like she’s about to kiss it. “I wonder if I can even fit it all.”

“H-Hold on, there!”

Guess it’s time for Tenta to get his licks while the gettin’s good.

In the blink of an eye, Tenta snakes from your chest to wind around Lia. His tendril slips through the silky curtain of her curls, down her shirt collar, around her breasts, down her back, and into her panties, creating a visible bulge in her skirt.

“Oh, hi there, Tenta,” she says, giggling.

Hey, cutie.

Mini-tendrils branch off of the main tentacle to snare her nipples and explore underneath. Lia gives a slight yelp and a gasp. Tenta’s found a weak spot already, twisting her nipples roughly and kneading them like they’re bubbles to be popped. She writhes under his manipulation, letting her legs open wider, which he appreciatively wriggling down into her warm valley, silky hair to match her curls brushing the tendril. The feeling relayed to you does nothing to stave off the coming release, and Lia’s continued stroking doesn’t help either.

“Come on,” you urge her in close to a gasp, stroking the back of her head, “suck me.”

“Close?” Lia asks through half-lidded eyes. Her unoccupied hand has drifted down between her thighs, aiding Tenta from outside her panties.

“Yes! Please!”

Still reveling in Tenta’s treatment of her sensitive spots, she opens her mouth as wide as she can, attempting to engulf you with her small fae mouth. Teeth scrape your length, adding a dull pain to the pleasure. Mostly, though, the wetness of her tongue and the insides of her cheeks, now bulging with your girth, feel like bliss.

She braces herself against your hips. Hot, ragged breaths tickling your erection the whole way, inch by inch, she forces more of you into her mouth. There’s a moment of wild-eyed exhilaration mixed with panic when you hit her throat, the muscles clenching violently like a fleshy gatekeeper. You can feel her wanting to cough or gag, and yet you don’t care anymore. You lightly grasp her hair in a desperate ‘come on’.

Breathing rapidly through her nose now, Lia maneuvers hers tongue to welcome your sensitive tip further, the walls of her throat easing open. The last barriers out of the way, you disappear into the moist heaven until she’s face-first in your pubic hair. The sight of her full submission to you and the pressure from her throat have you right at the edge. You pant, eager for the coming explosion.

Time for the finale already? Alright, come on down for one hell of a finisher.

You feel the mini-tendrils in Lia’s panties shift. Warmth and moisture permeate their senses as they spread open her lower lips, drawing a gurgling moan from Lia.

Your signal given, you paw at her backside, forcing your hand down her skirt and into her panties. Her wetness greets your finger with gusto, the whole lot slipping past the entrance and inside with no resistance, a second finger surprisingly making it inside the otherwise tiny crevice. Lia’s eyes open again before rolling upwards, her hips bucking under your attack. Tenta takes this as an opening to latch onto her pearl-like button. Between the two of you, the stimulation forces Lia’s whole body into a convulsion of pleasure.

As if in resonance with her, the inevitable rise comes. Your stomach clenches uselessly. Every nerve in you is singing out. The wave is just about to crash. You claw at the bed.

A gush of hot seed pours out straight into Lia’s gullet to chase all of the sugar down. After abstaining for two days, you can only imagine that it’s a big, thick glob. In a way, it feels a little bit of a waste. You could have filled her womb with your life-giving essence, but you chose to feed her stomach instead. Not that you want to knock up a faerie — if that’s even possible.

Hoo! Nice one, kiddo. I’d always laughed at people that said waiting made it feel better, but now I feel like an asshole. That was enough to give me a tickle.

Your orgasm tapers off into a dull roar of tingling soon after your last shot is spent. The tentacle and its branches retreat, and you slide your drenched fingers out of Lia. Squirming from how sensitive you are post-bursting, you push Lia off of your now rapidly softening length. A smear of white stains the side of her mouth.

She swallows and gasps, falling limply onto the bed, about as spent as you by all accounts, her curls and her clothes in a state of disarray that would be obvious to anyone if she went outside now. Despite that, she’s still able to muster the strength to laugh dreamily.

“Wow. I’ve had some pretty good ones, but…”

You’d try and make some kind of clever remark, but your brain is all fuzzy with all rounds fired. “Yeah.”

“Do me a favor?”

“How’s that?”

“Gimme a little more. Some more sugar,” she says, smacking her lips.

You roll your eyes and sigh like you’re being imposed upon. “I guess.”

‘I’ve got it this time, thanks.’

Pfft. Grow up.

‘That’s funny coming from you.’

You pinch another little lump of sugar from the sack and hold it out for Lia. She makes no move to take it, instead sticking her tongue out of her open mouth. Making a show of how inconvenienced you are, you lean over like it takes more effort than anything else in the world right now, bringing the morsel right to her mouth. She gracelessly slaps at the sugar wad with her tongue and pries it from your fingers, almost swallowing it in the process.

“Who’s serving who here? You’re the maid,” you grumble facetiously.

Lia’s eyelids flutter, her voice flying up into that honeyed register. “My most humble thanks, Master Kinkan.”

You flop back on the bed next to her. After all that, your head is in that blissful state of emptiness, with you content to simply stare at the ceiling, listening to Lia smack and slurp on her sugar lump. That soon disappears and all you hear is the sound of her breathing. Soon, you don’t even hear that. It only hits you when you roll over to look that Lia’s fallen asleep, curled into a ball like a cat. Smiling, you drag the rumpled covers over her.

“Guess that leaves us on our own,” you say softly.

Mission accomplished, I’d say. Though a longer and deeper taste of faerie puss would’ve been nice, if you know what I’m saying.

“I’ve been pent up for two days. Gimme a break, man.” You stand up on slightly wobbly legs, readjusting your loincloth and fixing your trousers. “I feel lucky we even got what we did.”

Tenta scoffs. ’Lucky’. If you let me steer, it wouldn’t be about luck. We’d be swimming in—

“That’s nice and all, but I’m not gonna argue about this anymore.”

With the highs of ejaculation wearing off, the emotional wear of the past hour or two begins to creep in. Your lips and mouth also feel dry to the point of being cottony. The tea you had earlier has worked its way out of you in some form, leaving you feeling like a dried fish.

Figuring that’s as good an excuse as any, you leave Lia to sleep on the job and head back towards the side entrance to the pantry. The door is thankfully still unlocked, and you head in to find a disheveled Emma about where you left her. She raises a glass of something in her hand, flashing you a smile as she sees you approach. You notice a bottle with unreadable markings next to her.

“Wow, that was fast. Have fun?” she asks, sputtering slightly.

You shrug, unable to find a genuine answer. “Maybe. Bit worn out, to be real honest. What’s the bottle there?”

Emma takes a deep quaff from her glass. Her cheeks and nose are glowing with drink. “Bit of cognac. We usually share. Not while on-duty, though. Usually.” She snickers. “Nah, I lied. Some of us get stinkin’ drunk on the job.”

“I’m pretty thirsty myself, so I hope you don’t mind.” You bend down, tentatively reaching for the bottle. You’re not sure what cognac even is, but it’ll probably do the trick.

“Knock yourself out. Got plenty more where that came from!”

Finding something deeply funny in her own words, Emma erupts into cackling, kicking her legs against the stone floor, splashing liquor on herself in the process. When this fit passes, she slumps back against the shelf, looking like one of Alice’s dolls when it’s inactive with her head hanging down. She looks up at you and, seeing a bit of worry in your eyes, waves you off.

“I’m fine. Just drink. Just drunk. Silly drunk talking.” She covers her face, her wings giving a weak buzz. “Prob’ly gonna regret this later. Oh well.”

“Well, I’m gonna go find somewhere to have this drink. You take it easy, now.”

“Alright. And, Mister Human?”

“Name’s Kinkan.”

Emma giggles at your name. “Mister Kinkan. I’m serious. Come back and see me sometime. Ol’ Emma gets lonely real easy. And she’d love to see your big human dick.”

“I’ll think about it.”

You leave the pantry, thankful that Emma’s too drunk to chase you out. The last thing you want right now is a faerie that wants anything to do with your equipment.

Thump. Thump. Thump.

Squelch. Blurb. Gurgle.

Am I awake? Am I finally awake, after what must have been centuries?

I feel myself pooling on the surface of the swamp. A thick, purple-and-black stew, writhing and wriggling. Yes, I’m definitely awake. Mmm… it’s good to be back. Stretch my limbs. Get used to movement again. I have a lot of work to do.

Good old Hakurei family, they’re as lazy as they are strong. I’m sure whoever got me all those years ago could’ve sealed me away forever, but that would require special seals, and making special seals means less tea time and nap time, so instead they just slapped me with a few of the strongest standard seals and decided it was a problem for their great-great-great-great-grandchild to solve.

Whoever that is, good luck. They’ll need it.

First thing’s first. I should find a good body to inhabit.

Who’s that? Hmm… decently strong, fairly young… good magical potential for a human, too. It seems fate is smiling on me today. He looks tired. Yes, go on. Rest, human. It’s late, and you’re tired. Just lie down against that tree…



Soberness comes to you in a sudden wave as you run through the forest. You fall to your hands and knees and gasp for air, suddenly aware of the soreness in your lungs. You sink slightly into the soft, wet earth of wherever the hell you are.

You lean back against a nearby tree, gathering what few thoughts you can have at the moment. Next time you’re in a bar, you tell yourself, and a youkai starts talking about how much better youkai are better than humans, you should just let it slide, instead of getting into a shouting match. Then a bar brawl. Then chasing it what must’ve been miles through some swamp you’ve never seen before. Ugh… you’re tired and lost and generally pissed off. What a way to end the week.

You sit in silence for a minute, berating yourself for being so foolish. Ah well, no use in sitting here forever. You don’t want to be anywhere other than the human village once the sun goes down. You open your eyes and get to your feet, and are suddenly staring at a slimy velvet tentacle, almost invisible save for the light glistening of its wet skin.

“Stay back!” you bark, stepping away fumbling in your pocket for a spell card. Your hand grasps the paper, but it’s too late. The tentacle slams into your face, knocking you to the ground. It presses down against you, turning into a thick goo. Within seconds it’s coating your entire body with its mucus, smothering your mouth and nose. You gag, flailing uselessly against it. Consciousness is wrenched away from you as the slime soaks into your body through your pores. The night becomes even darker.

“C’mooon, he’s already dead.”
“No he’s not! Look, you can see him breathing!”
“Doesn’t matter. If he’s dumb enough to take a nap in a swamp miles away from the human village, he might as well be dead. He’s practically got ‘eat me, I am delicious’ written on his forehead.”
“Look, if we eat him, that woman’s gonna know. She always finds out. She’s mad enough at us already. It's getting late, why don't we just get some sleep?”

Your eyes flick open to see two youkai standing above you, the red morning sun rising behind them. The one on the right – the one you think was intending to eat you – has short pink hair topped with a simple brown cap, with a matching brown dress. The one to the left is small and svelte-looking, with wild blue and white hair and a black dress with blue trim, looking significantly more elaborate than her partner.

“Hey, I’m awake. No eating, please.” You grunt, sitting up. No need to panic, youkai eating live humans is mostly a thing of the past. Mostly.

“I told you!” the blue-haired one says. “He’s not dead!”

The pink-haired one stamps her foot. “Damn, I missed my chance.” She bends down to look at you. “You got luc-“

A tendril rips out of your shirt, grabbing the girl around her neck and lifting her up into the air. All three of you scream in surprise. You touch your chest, feeling the tendril’s roots covering you. It doesn’t hurt at all, it feels like it’s as natural of a body part as your arms or legs. The blue haired girl stands rooted to the spot, staring slack-jawed at you, then jumps to the skies and flies away as fast as she can.

That’s… new. So then what happened last night wasn’t a bad dream, or bizarre hallucination. You’re feeling oddly calm at the moment, considering everything that just happened. You run your fingers gingerly along your new appendage, and you feel a tickling sensation run along it. Yep, it’s a part of you. So it didn’t want to kill you?

“Hnurrarrrgh,” the pink-haired girl gurgles, snapping you out of your thoughts. She’s beating her hands against the tendril, her wings flapping in vain. Her face has turned purple from lack of air. If you can feel what the tentacle feels, does that mean you control it? You focus your thoughts on the tentacle moving to the right. It follows your mental image, dragging the girl a few feet to the right, bringing another fearful grunt from her. You think about loosening the tentacle’s grip, ever so slightly, to let the girl breathe. The muscles of the tentacle loosen, and the girl takes deep lungfuls of air.

“I’m sorry!” she squeaks. “I thought you were just a human! Please, let me go! I’ll leave you alone, I promise!” 

You smile. Something about her squeaks of fear pleases you. You feel a bubbling inside your gut, feel blood rushing to your eardrums like someone’s screaming at you. These tentacles… they aren’t just affecting your body, they’re changing your mind too. Power. Need power. Need to be feared.

Your smile turns wider as you focus. You can move this new tentacle like a limb, now let’s try something more complicated. The thick tentacle around her neck peels apart to form four smaller tentacles, grasping her arms and legs and pulling her close to you. You can feel the tentacles retracting into your body as she gets dragged to you.

“Mystia, that’s your name, isn’t it?”

She nods meekly.

“Well Mystia, I’ll have you know I am a human. I’m just a very strong one, with very strong powers.”

Focusing again, you realize you can change the texture of your new appendages, as well as length and thickness. Drawing the tentacles down to her feet, they form into one again, this time a long, ropy strand, like a whip. You spiral it up around her, going up to her shoulders, then grip it tight, squeezing her legs together and her arms against her chest.

You brush a hand against her cheek. “I heard what you said. You wanted to eat me, didn’t you? If your little friend wasn’t there you would’ve tried to make me your dinner?”

“No! No, it’s not true!” she shakes her head furiously.

“Don’t lie, Mystia. You’ve been a very bad little sparrow,” you tighten the tendril’s grip for emphasis, hard enough to gasp with pain. You feel giddy with power, and realize your penis is stiffening beneath your cloth undergarments.

You briefly wonder, should you? Whatever it is bubbling inside you tells you to take your well-earned prize. But… no. You don’t want to succumb to whatever it is inside you. Yet. You don’t know the dangers.

“Why should I let you go? Prove to me you’re a good girl now.”

“Please!” she almost shouts, flailing against your grip. “I’m sorry I’ve been bad! I’ll never eat another human again!” Warm tears start flowing down her face.

“Promise?”

“I promise! I’ll never even think about it!”

“Good,” you laugh softly. “Because if you do…” you draw her closer until her face is just inches away from yours. On an impulse you flick your tongue out and lick the tears from her face. “…I’ll find you,” you whisper.

And with that, you loosen your grip. The tentacle slithers back into you, leaving those purple roots all over your chest. Mystia flies away as fast as her fluffy wings can carry her, leaving you with the silence of the swamp.

Well, that was an experience. The bubbling in your stomach starts to fade away, taking its sinister urges with it. You stand there in thought for a long moment. How far would you have gone? Certainly you’ve never been one to avoid lusty stares at barmaids, or read those trashy romance novels, and there was that one time you almost went to that so-called ‘fortune teller’ who showed up in the human village on busy market days wearing thin silk clothes exposing most of her skin, but she probably would’ve mugged you if you went for it anyway, and…

…and here you are lost in thought in a youkai-infested swamp again. It’s a wonder it took this long for something bizarre to happen to you. You start walking, figuring you’ll find the exit to the human village soon enough, or at least some sort of landmark. Thankfully, the swamp isn’t as large as your drunken adventures had led you to believe, and soon you’re out among the flat plains surrounding the human village.

You run your fingers along the thick veins on your chest. There’s no way people won’t see there’s something wrong with you. You should probably form a plan on what to do next. 

Figuring out what’s going on can wait. This chance is too good to pass up.

You focus on bringing the tentacle out again. It slithers out of your chest obediently with a soft gurgling sound, hanging in the air in front of you. You poke and prod it with your finger, testing how much you can feel it. You give it a pinch, and it stings slightly.

You move it aimlessly, testing it. After a few minutes you start to get the hang of moving it without needing to focus. You remember splitting the tentacles before. You wonder, how thin can they split? You concentrate on thinness, on separation. It separates into thinner and thinner strands, until there are dozens of them, each no thicker than a strand of uncooked noodle. You focus and bring them all back together into one big strand. How strong is this thing, anyway? You lie down on your chest and try to do a tentacle push-up. To your surprise, you can push yourself up almost effortlessly. These things are pretty powerful. You wrap the tentacle around a tree a few yards away and drag yourself towards it by retracting the tentacle. Good, now time for an accuracy test. In one smooth motion, you launch the tentacle at a strong-looking tree limb, a few yards up in the air. You jump up and retract the tentacle a few feet, swinging forward. You drag it back into you at the zenith of your swing. Spotting another branch, you shoot at it in midair and repeat the process, swinging smoothly from tree to tree. This is the best tentacle-demon-monster-infection ever.

You romp around for a few more minutes, trying out random new things and finding that finding that each attempt works perfectly. You’re giddy with success, and you drop form the tree you’re dangling from with a laugh. As you fall, a slip of paper drops out of your robe. Oh, right. Your spell card. Picking it up, you noticed it’s changed. It used to be a fairly plain card, useless in any serious fight, that you kept mostly for the bragging rights. Now, though, the card feels heavy with power. You turn it over. The front is covered with elaborate, arcane patterns, and the words “Tentacle sign「Fisherman’s Wife」” are written on it in dark purple letters. As you hold it, you feel that same bubbling in your gut from before, bringing feral thoughts and urges back into you head. You stow it back in your pocket, and work your way back out, having swung back into the swamp.

That’s odd, you could’ve sworn you didn’t go that far back into the swamp. Did you get lost? No, can’t be. After a few minutes you look down and see your own footsteps in front of you. That can’t be, you’ve been walking in a straight line the whole time.

You hear a stifled giggle from behind you, followed by a shush. You whip around, looking for someone. Nothing. You take a few steps forward, and your foot sinks up to the knee in a pool of muddy water. You look down in surprise. The ground doesn’t look any different, but that’s definitely muddy water you just stepped in. You step back with an annoyed grunt. The giggles become loud peals of laughter, three girls laughing, by the sound of it. You shake your fists in frustration, looking all around you to try and find who’s messing with you. Up in a branch, you see three fairies, sitting on a tree branch, lost in their laughter. One sees you, making eye contact for a split second before she shouts “Cheese it! He’s onto us!” and jumps off the branch, spreading her buglike wings.

Not so fast.

With a dramatic gesture, you cross your arms together, then swing them apart, thrusting your chest forward as three limbs sprout out. Two of them easily snag the fairies still recovering from their laughing fit. They’re grabbed by their ankles, dangling upside-down in the air. The third limb follows the flying one. You’re amazed how fast it can lengthen, but the fairy’s still just as fast as it. As you try to catch up with it, the tentacle gets stretched thinner and thinner. It gets as thin as a single hair, then finally snaps, turning into an invisibly thin black fog that sinks to the ground. The fairy turns around to blow you a raspberry.

“Sunny, you jerk! Help us!” one of them shouts at her.

“No thanks!” she shouts back, flying out of sight.

You draw the two fairies closer to you. You can get a better look at them now. They’re both a little over a foot and a half tall. The one on the left has curly blonde hair and a white poofy dress, now slightly dirty from sitting in a tree. The other has long straight black hair and a darkish blue dress with star designs on it. A pink parasol, presumably knocked out of her hands, lies on the ground a few feet away from her. You smirk, rubbing your chin. “How unlucky, you two decided to prank the new youkai hunter of the human village.”

“Sunny was the one who pranked you!” the one in blue says, puffing her cheeks in frustration. You recognize her. Star Sapphire, you think her name is. These fairies are rather infamous around the human village. “If you’re gonna punish anyone, it should be her! We just came along and watched!”

“Nuh-uh! I used my ability to confuse him too! I moved the sounds of our laughter!” the other one says proudly.

“Luna, you idiot, shut up!” the one in blue swings her arms angrily at her partner. “If I wasn’t tied up like this I’d punch you for being such a dummy,” She sighs, then looks at you, trying to sound businesslike. “Look, it was Sunny who made you step in the mud and got you all wet. If you let us go we’ll lead you to her, promise. I can detect moving things so I should be able to find her.” 

You laugh. “I wasn’t born yesterday. I’m not letting go of either of you.”

Star makes a cross between a sigh and a laugh. “Oh well, worth a shot.” She taps a finger to her head, focusing. “Sunny’s… this way,” Star points. You follow her guide.

“What, can’t you fly like those other humans?” Luna asks.

“Nope, not yet. I’m just a farmer.” Or rather, you were just a farmer. You make a mental note to try flying the next time you get the chance.

“Ugh, walking is for losers,” Luna whines.

“Shush. You’ll blow our cover.”

“Yeah, of course Sunny will get caught by a dumb human walking around all-mmmpgh!” Luna’s silenced by you dragging out a third tentacle and pressing it in her mouth mid-sentence. She makes a muffled grumble, making you stumble a little as her tongue rubs against your tentacle. Wow, that feels nice. Probably not best to walk like that, though.

“If I take it out, will you be quiet?”

Luna glares at you and nods. You retract the tentacle, leaving a spot of her saliva on your chest.

“That tasted nasty,” she whispers at you, but says nothing else as you continue to follow Star’s direction

“She’s close,” Star whispers at you. “Over there.”

You see a patch of sunlight in the swamp, with Sunny lying down in the center of it, basking happily. You snare her in quickly, breaking her out of her sleep with a gasp. “Bwaah!” she hollers as she gets dragged in closer. “Uh, hi buddies,” she gives a sheepish grin to the other two.

“I can’t believe you! Some weirdo human captures us and you go take a nap?” Star crosses her arms.

“Yeah, well, I don’t see you two doing anything to stop him.”

“I led him to you,” Luna says, smirking. “Because you’re the one who pranked him. So you and Luna are gonna get punished~”

You crack your knuckles.

You loosen your grip around Star’s ankles and she floats gracefully to the ground. You expected her to run away, but instead she gives a predatory smile at Sunny. “Whenever we get caught you always run away and leave us to get captured. I want to watch you get your just deserts~”

“Traitor! Traitor to the cause!” Sunny shouts, swinging her arms and legs angrily. “How dare y-mmph!” Sunny’s stopped by a tentacle going into her mouth. You’re starting to get the hang of this. You raise another to Luna’s mouth.

“Eww, no, that thing tastes nasty,” she whines, keeping her mouth closed. You prod it against her lips, but she refuses to open. Star sneaks behind her, wearing that same predatory grin, and tickles the back of her legs. Luna starts squirming, suppressing her giggles. Star tickles her twice as hard, and Luna succumbs, opening her mouth to laugh and giving you the perfect chance to slip into her mouth. Star gives a cruel giggle. You aren’t sure if she’s got a hidden sadistic side, or if she doesn’t know all the implications of shoving something in a cute fairy’s mouth and just sees a chance to prank someone. Either way, works for you.

You start rhythmically pumping the tentacles in both their mouths, working a little farther with each thrust. You slip another tentacle behind their heads, pushing their mouths deeper onto your tentacle-members. It feels amazing, you can’t help but go a little weak in the knees. You reach the back of their mouths, then thin the tentacles just enough to let them slide down their throats. You can hear the moaning and squishing sounds as their saliva swishes around in their mouths. You see bulges form in their throats as you pump in and out, their tight throats providing a wet, warm resistance that makes your breath quicken.

Sunny, during your downthrust, gets just enough leverage to sink her teeth into your limb. You grunt in pain, but the tentacles prove to be surprisingly durable, she doesn’t even break its skin as she tries to grind her teeth against it. Luna picks up on Sunny’s cue, biting the one in her mouth as you’re distracted. You yank the tentacles out of their mouths, making sure to not loosen the grip on any other tentacles.

“Tsk, tsk, tsk. Fairies are supposed to be punished when they prank humans.” You cuff Sunny’s hands together with one tendril, and cuff her legs with another, then do the same to Luna, turning them both around and pushing on their backs to bend them over. You step up right behind them, grab their skirts, and flip them both up, exposing Luna’s pale, petite ass, and Sunny’s plump tanned cheeks. Sunny’s panties ride into her crack as she bends over. 
You lift your right hand up and feel the roots on your chest grow and stretch up your arm, eventually coming out and forming a whip small enough for a fairy. You give it a test, swinging it at Sunny’s ass. It connects with a ‘thwack’ sound, making her ass jiggle. She gasps in pain, and a bright red mark forms across her cheeks.

“Owwie! That hurt,” Sunny pouts.

“Of course it does. Haven’t you heard what that shrine maiden always says?” You form another whip in your left hand. “Good. Medicine. Tastes. Bad,” you say, whipping one of them with each word. They squirm and moan with each slap, leaving red streaks across their asses, then moving down to the tops of their thighs.

“Now, you fairies may have fought each other, but I think you make a good team. So, you should kiss and make up!” You wrap a limb around both their waists, pressing their bodies together. “I wouldn’t want to ruin your great friendship.”

Sunny and Luna look at each other’s eyes, both with a mix of disgust and confusion. Sunny takes the initiative, planting a peck on Luna’s cheek. Luna glances down, looking embarrassed, then kisses Sunny square on the lips.

“Come on, I want to make sure you two stay friends. Put more love into it,” you say, squeezing them closer together. You see Luna wince as she’s close enough for Sunny’s breath to wash over her face. They shut their eyes and slowly close the space between their lips, opening their mouths and letting their tongues enter each other. Sunny moans, pressing harder against her face.

“Wow… they kinda look like they’re enjoying it,” Star whispers to you.

“Maybe you should join them. Looks like a good bonding experience.”

Star nods and hugs the two girls, making them yelp when she squeezes their tender asses. She gives a kiss to both of their cheeks, leaving spots of saliva behind. She steals Sunny from Luna’s lips, exploring her mouth. Luna starts kissing and licking Star’s cheek, not wanting to be left out.

The scene drives you crazy with lust. You scoop up all three of them in a hug and slide your hands down in between Luna’s and Sunny’s legs. You press a finger to their panties, feeling traces of precum. They gasp in sync. “That feels… good,” Luna mutters. Your fingers run under their panties, rubbing their soft, pink pussies. You slip a finger into each of them, making their hips shake with pleasure. You take Luna’s small, dainty hand and guide it under your robe, leading it to your stiff, twitching cock. She seems to know what to do instinctively, stroking your crotch and coating your length with pre-cum. It doesn’t take long for you to reach orgasm, groaning and bucking your hips as your semen covers her hand and drips down onto the earth below. Once you’ve got your breath back, you lean in close to them.

“Do you want more?” You ask.

“Please, yes.”

“Too bad,” you take your hands away. “It wouldn’t be a punishment if I made you happy.”

They look at you incredulously at you as your back off, smirking. “I think that’s enough for today,” you say, freeing the two girls. “You’ve learned your lesson.”

Sunny shakes her fists at you. “You… you jerk!”

“Yep,” you cross your arms.

“Alright, let’s get out of here,” she says. She turns to face you, grinding her thighs in sexual frustration. “Next time I see you, I’m gonna prank you good. I’ll trick you into walking off a cliff or something!” She jumps and starts flying away, followed by Luna. Star smiles at you. “Thanks for the save. See you later,” she grins and spreads her wings to go after her friends.

You lean back and sigh, spent from the effort. Your stomach growls loudly. Oh yeah, you haven’t eaten all day. You should look for food. And probably get a change of clothes or something, you’ve been messing around in a forest all day. You close your robe up as tightly as you can manage, hiding all but a hint of purple veins at the bottom of your neck. 

You lie back and catch your breath for a few minutes, resisting the urge to fall asleep again. You get to your feet. Damn, between getting pranked and chasing the fairies, you’ve gotten even further into the forest, and probably more than a little lost. The swampy marshlands have given way to a more lush-looking forest, though it’s still quite humid, and a noxious, moldy smell hangs in the air, making you cough. Through the thick foliage, you can see a large white shape. Hoping it isn’t an illusion, you run toward it. Getting closer, you can see the details of a normal well-to-do house: large circular windows, a door with patterns drawn onto it, a black pointed roof. Ahh, you know this place. You remember the stories and articles back in the Human Village of the doll-controlling youkai who kindly accepts human travelers.

You take a moment to make yourself look more presentable, slicking your hair back and wiping the mud off your robe. You wipe everything down, brushing your hand clean-ish on a nearby tree. You step up to the door and knock a few times.

The door swings open, seemingly of its own volition. A second later, a doll flutters out from behind the door, dressed in a crisp maid’s uniform, her blonde hair tied up in a small pink bow. She motions for you to come in and follow her. She leads you through the house. It’s quite the nice place, having an elegant yet comfortable feel, somewhere you could picture a friendly old grandmother living. The doll leads you to a door marked “Alice’s Room” and gives it a polite knock. The door swings open, greeting you with a short, blonde girl with clear porcelain skin and a blue dress. She looks a bit like a doll herself.

“Thank you, Shanghai,” she turns to the doll, which curtsies and flutters off to somewhere else. “I trust you’re looking for a place to spend the night?” she says. You nod. “It seems you could use more than just a bed, and I certainly won’t have you sleeping anywhere in those clothes,” she gestures at the streaks of mud and grime on your robe. “There’s a bath upstairs. Leave your clothes outside the door, I’ll get a change for you. I’ll be having lunch in about half an hour, you can join me.” She turns and closes the door as soon as she’s finished talking. Looks like there’s no room for discussion.

You head upstairs and go into the bathroom. It’s pleasant, if a little on the plain side. A doll is lighting a purple candle as you go in, making the room smell slightly of roses while another draws warm water into the tub. The two dolls flutter up to your shoulders and tug on your robe. Apparently they want you to take it off. You undo your belt, feeling a little bashful as they slip it off, leaving you in your underwear. As one doll carries off your robe, the other moves down to your waist, poking your remaining clothes.

“Isn’t that a little much?” you say, feeling some color move to your cheeks. The doll shows no signs of having heard you, and just gives your underwear another poke. “Fine,” you say, slipping it down to your ankles. Oh jeez, it’s still sticky with cum from your encounter with the fairies. You hope Alice can’t see too much of what the fairies can, or you’ll have some explaining to do.

You look down at your chest, seeing the familiar purple bulge beneath your skin. Semen stains might be the least of your explaining if Alice can see what her dolls can. You resist the urge to worry about it, and instead lower into the bath prepared for you. It’s quite pleasant, you can feel your muscles relax as the warm water surrounds you. You take a bar of soap, washing off all the traces of the swamp. As you run it over the purple bits of your chest, it feels… different, somehow. You can’t quite place the feeling. You finish up soon, pulling the plug and getting out. Two dolls fly in, holding a towel between them.

“Oh for the love of… I can dry myself, you know,” you say, but offer no further protests as they dry your head, then move down your body. They don’t seem to have any reaction to the purple roots, though it feels rather nice. They move further down you your thighs, then move the towel between your legs and start rubbing it back and forth, the towel dragging your cock back and forth. “Ow, hey!” you say, squirming. They don’t seem to respond, giving you a few more rubs and making your member rise slightly. The rest of the drying passes uneventfully, and you see Alice has laid out quite the nice outfit for you, with a note on top reading “my dolls don’t really know how to dress men, so you’ll have to do it yourself. Sorry. –Alice”

You put it on. It’s a crisp, long-sleeved white shirt with frills along the cuffs, with a jaunty black vest, pants, and belt. No underwear, which sort of makes sense. She doesn’t really have much reason to have men’s briefs. You go downstairs into the kitchen, walking straight into the hearty smell of chicken soup boiling on the stove, being dutifully attended to by dolls. Alice, it appears, is still in her room. You sit in silence for a few minutes, then the dolls begin pouring bowls and bringing them to the table, placing one for you and one for Alice, who has just come out of her room.

“Do the clothes fit?” she asks, taking her seat opposite you.

“Yes, they’re quite nice. Did you make them yourself?”

She nods, cracking a rare smile. You get the feeling her smiles are rare, at least. She begins eating, not saying another word. She brought a book with her, which she has laid out on the table. You take a spoonful of the soup. It’s nice, and you happily start eating, taking some slices of buttered bread the dolls had laid out too. “It’s good,” you say. Alice merely nods and ‘hmm’s in response. She eats in silence, you don’t even hear her make chewing or drinking sounds. 
The dolls that were bustling around the room preparing are now sitting motionless on the various counters and tables. You’ve heard Alice isn’t much for conversation, so you figure you’d better take your chance now while she’s not busy with her dolls.

“What’s that you’re reading?” you ask, gesturing at the book.

“Oh, this?” She lifts it up to let you see the cover, ‘Computer Programming for Beginners.’

“It’s a book about outside world magic. Specifically, about Computers, a technology sort of like a shikigami. Outside worlders can take lumps of metal and arrange them to make them do tasks. I don’t quite understand much of it, but the concepts in here are useful for making my dolls.”

“Really?” you say. “How so?”

“Well, each doll has a few specific tasks in mind. A Computer can do many tasks, but each task is made in something called a ‘program.’ I’m examining the… methodology, I think is the best way to put it. The mindset of how to design something to do a specific set of things when you tell it to,” she talks about programming for a few more minutes.

“Ahh, I see.” A lot of it went over your head, but she’s certainly brightened up talking about something she enjoys so much. “Has it been much help?”

“A little… it’s more a diversion than anything else,” she giggles daintily.

“Tell me more about your dolls. They’re really amazing,” you say, gesturing at the many dolls sitting on the countertops.

“Oh, I’ve always enjoyed crafting and sewing and things like that, especially making dolls. Back when I was a human I made a comfortable living as a seamstress and a toymaker. I started taking an interest in object manipulation, and I figured dolls would make the perfect medium. As you can see, it has worked quite well,” she waves her arm and a thin, silvery string flickers in the air, running from her finger to a nearby doll. The doll springs to life, grabbing a nearby teapot, floating over, and pouring you a cup of tea. It sets the pot on the desk and courtesies at you.

“That’s fantastic. And adorable.”

“It really has worked out well,” Alice allows herself a brief moment of pride.

“Also, just out of curiosity… can you see everything your dolls can?”

She laughs. Not giggles, but laughs, short but graceful and dainty. “The dolls made you a little uncomfortable, then? I get so used to them, I forget that most people aren’t used to being tended to like that. But to answer your question, not really. I’ve discovered that, rather than give dolls full vision, it’s much less taxing to have them look for certain things. For example, when I send in a drying-doll, it can only see heat and moisture. The heat lets them find the person, and the moisture lets them know when to stop drying. I can check up on the dolls if I want to, and even look through their eyes, but the system works quite well, so I generally leave them be. So no, I didn’t see you when you changed, I do have some manners.”

“Haha, thank you. Do you get asked that question much?”

“All the time. Just about everyone who winds up bathing here asks me that. Actually… no, it’s embarrassing, I shouldn’t say.”

“You can tell me. Please? I bet it’s interesting!” You do your best to look pitiable. She laughs again. Gods, what a soothing voice she has.

“Oh… fine. Someone was spreading rumors that I, hah,” she’s snickering just thinking about it, “that I’m secretly a desperate old spinster, and the reason I take in passers-by is to peep on them.”

“Haha!” you laugh, though you can’t help but enjoy the thought of Alice spying on you. “Sounds like that old ten-thousand yen donation story.”

“The what?” she asks.

“There was an old rumor that if you donated ten thousand yen to a shrine, the shrine maiden would come out and… ‘do you a favor.’”

“Oh… ohh! That’s just crude, haha!”

You share a laugh, and the conversation slowly peters out again. Damn, and it was going so well. You don’t want the last thing you say during a meal to be a ribald joke about a shrine maiden.

“So, ah… tell me a little more about yourself, Alice,” a lame line, but better than nothing.

“Not much to say. I live here with my dolls and study magic. I’m rather boring, I’m afraid,” her eyes drift back to the book. No! No reading, Alice! Talking!

“That’s not true. You’ve done such amazing things with your dolls, I’ve never seen anything quite like it. Not to mention how kind you are, taking in everyone who knocks on your door.”

“That’s very nice of you to say that. But this is Gensokyo, I’m afraid being special is nothing special,” her smile looks more satisfied now. “But how about yourself? What’s your specialty?”

“I’m just a farmer. I don’t really have a power, though I’ve heard the plums I grow are quite nice.”

“Really?” she cocks her head.

“Well, the plums aren’t that amazing.”

“No, I meant, that’s it?”

Now you’re as confused as her. “What do you mean?”

“You have the same signature as me, a human that became a youkai. So I figured you’d have specialized in some power or area of study.”

“I… I do? I look like a youkai?”

”You didn’t know?”

Uh oh. 
You take a deep breath, preparing yourself.

“I… did know. I lied to you, I’m sorry.”

Alice looks at you, slightly hurt.

“Why?”

“It, it just happened yesterday. I was in the forest, the swampy area around here. Something came out of a pool of water, it was all slimy and octopus-ey and it attached itself to me, knocking me out in the process. When I came to, I had, well, this.” You undo the top few buttons of your shirt, exposing the familiar veins. Alice covers her mouth and gasps as she sees it.

“What is it?” she asks.

“I don’t really know the details. But I know it seems to have fused with me, in a way. I can control it, and make it do stuff.” You draw a single tentacle out, about as long as your forearm. Alice’s eyebrows raise up.

“That’s quite a power.” She looks at it in silence. “Is it safe to touch?”

You nod. Her hand reaches out, gently brushing your appendage. You shiver at her touch, soft enough to tickle. The appendage quivers appreciatively.

“Does it hurt?” Alice asks, backing off.

“Not at all, keep going. I mean, if you want.”

She starts squeezing and poking it, getting a feel for its texture and consistency.

“It feels very organic. Have you experimented much with it?”

“Yeah, watch.” You go through a routine of tricks, summoning multiple tentacles, thickening and thinning them. You wrap one around your spoon and bring it to your mouth, taking a bite of soup.

“You seem to have become quite skilled with them. How strong are they?”

You grin impishly and wrap one around her waist and lift her up out of her chair. She gives a girlish shriek which turns into a laugh. “That strong, huh? That’s quite ability.”

You gently put her back down in her chair. “Sorry if I scared you,” you laugh.

“No it’s quite all right.” Her porcelain cheeks begin to flush with red. “It actually felt rather nice.”

“Really? How so?”

Alice’s blush grows fiercer. “Follow me, please.” She leads you to a room separated from the rest of the house by a hallway. She opens the door to a large study. Peering inside, you can see numerous bookcases lined up along the walls. A large table is pushed against a free space between the shelves, covered in a variety of bottles, tools and other various devices. The center of the room is empty, and the ceiling is a good three or four meters high.

“This is where I do my experiments and such. I need plenty of room, so this place is perfect.”

“Perfect for what?” You know what, but you like watching Alice stammer as she tries to find the words.

“I’ve used all these dolls so much, you know…” she pauses, glancing at the floor, then at you, then back at the floor. “And, well, I’ve always wondered what it’s like to be controlled like that. To be doing things not of your own free will. This might sound strange, but it seems so exciting,” she looks at you, looking embarrassed, but also expectant.

You bring out four tentacles, one wrapping gently around each limb. Alice loosens slightly, leaving all her movements up to you. You decide to start with simply having her walk. You swing one leg forward, place it down, then move the other, making her lurch forward in a gait like Frankenstein’s monster. She laughs, realizing how silly she looks. You feel the places where the tentacles grip her bare skin go strangely spongey for a second.

“Why don’t you get me that vial?” you point at the desk, making Alice wobble over to it. You move her hand, making her grip it. You hope you don’t accidentally drop the vial. Breaking her stuff would probably hurt the mood. Once you walk her back, you reach out your hand, loosening your grip on hers and making the vial drop into your hand. You feel that strange spongey feeling in the tentacles again, an almost moist feeling.

“How does it feel?” you ask her.

“A little silly,” she laughs. “But also nice. It’s satisfying in a way I can’t quite explain.”

“Maybe it’d be better if I just carried you like this,” you lift her off her feet, moving your grip to around her waist. She lets her arms and legs dangle, getting into her role of a doll. You swing her slowly through the air, taking her back out of the study.

“Where are we going?”

You stroke your chin in thought, grinning. “If you really want to act like a doll, you should call me ‘master.’ I do control you, after all. And we’re going to your room to get you a nice change of clothes. If you’re a doll you’ll need to look the part.”

“If you say so… master,” a hint of anxiety creeps into her face. You carry her to her room, swinging open the closet. The clothes in there are disappointingly similar to her current outfit, just with different colors and frills. But, wait. There’s a little handle at the back of the closet. Alice sees you reach for it.

“Please don’t open that door,” she says. “It’s… it’s a secret,” she purses her lips. You put a finger to her lips, shushing her. “You’re my doll. Dolls don’t talk back. And you didn’t call me master.”

“Please master, I really don’t want you to-“

Not listening to her, you tug open the back door to reveal an assortment of fetish clothing. A small latex outfit like something a masochist would wear, a pink see-through nightgown, an apron, and an assortment of lingerie. One other outfit looks suspiciously like a person-sized version of her Shanghai doll’s clothes, including a wig. An unmarked box lies on the ground next to silky gloves, stockings, bonnets, and pantyhose.

“My my, Alice is holding quite the dirty little secret.” You hold her cheek as she bites her lip in shame.

“I don’t… it’s not… I just… they’re just practice for sewing. I don’t wear them,” she scrunches up her face, looking like she’s on the verge of tears.

You get on your knee and open the box. Inside, you see it’s divided into three slots, one holding plain wax candles and matches. The second holds handcuffs, a leash attached to a studded choker, and a ball gag. The third contains two vibrators, looking to be about 15 or 16 centimeters long. “Oh? Then what are these for?” you display the box to her, making her wince and look away as though she’d been slapped.

“Okay, fine, I… sometimes I get lonely, and…” she can’t finish the sentence.

You grin from ear to ear. “Do you make your dolls do these things to you?”

“YES! Okay? Yes, I make my dolls do these things to me! I make them do dirty and awful things to me when I get sad and lonely sometimes, okay?” she snaps at you, taking deep, angry breaths.

“Oh, Alice…” you run a hand through her hair. “It’s perfectly fine, liking these things is nothing to be ashamed about. Everyone experiments.”

Alice sighs, some of her anger having disappeared.

“Now,” you say, turning back to the closet. “If you’re going to be my doll, you should look the part.” You pluck the life-size Shanghai uniform off the rack, setting Alice down and removing your tentacles’ grip around her arms to make the changing easier. “Lift up your arms.”

“Yes, master,” Alice smiles, having loosened up a little. She lifts her arms up. You tug her dress off over her head, leaving her in her bloomers and small white singlet. You rub your hand against her waist, wanting to knock her to the bed and make her yours right then and there. You peel off her singlet and bloomers slowly, enjoying her sweet womanly scent as you do.

You turn back to the closet, picking up some of the accessories from the floor. “Stick out your hand.”

“Yes, master,” she offers her hands and you slide them into her long, elegant gloves. You take her arm in your hands, kissing your way up to her shoulder, then you slide under and kiss her armpit, sucking the salty, savory scent from her skin. “That’s…” Alice mutters, slightly surprised. She says nothing more, but instead nuzzles her cheek against the top of your head. You pull back, taking the studded leather choker and fastening it around her neck.

“Now, your legs.” You press a tentacle to her back and sweep her off her feet, holding her legs out straight towards you and spread apart slightly, offering you a view of her delicate shaved pussy. You slide the stockings up her legs. They slide on smoothly and fit her perfectly, going a little past her knees. You slide your fingers back and forth along the smooth fabric, then travel up her inner thigh, leaning in to get the scent of her pussy. You go slow, agonizingly slow, your breath tickling her cunt as you slowly approach it, then plant soft kisses on it, traveling from its top to its bottom. You feel it moisten with pleasure as you kiss and lick it. Your hands wrap around her waist, giving her buttocks some soft spanks. She ‘mmm’s and ‘aah’s softly.

You kiss your way up her hips, dipping your tongue into her navel. You work up further, your face between her breasts. You slide on top of her pert, firm breast, sucking and nibbling on her small, eager nipples.

“Do you like my breasts, master?”

You respond with a soft moan, swirling your tongue around her nipple, feeling it rise in your mouth. You pinch it in your teeth, pulling back and watching her tit stretch with your pulling. You release it, and it pops back into place, jiggling slightly. You take a bite from her breast, sinking your teeth into her flesh and sucking it into your mouth hard enough to leave a hickey.

You wipe your mouth and draw away, taking the Shanghai dress and pulling it over her shoulders. You take the zipper and pull it up her back, sealing her up in the dress. You tie up the apron around her back, and the bow around her neck. You take the wig. As you touch it you feel it tingle with a very faint magical energy. You lower it to her head, and it melds onto her scalp, fusing with her hair. You run your fingers through it. It has the exact same silky smoothness as her hair did before, but now it’s long and luxurious, with several bows decorating it. You take a handful of her hair, brushing your face along it, moving up to her cheek and kissing it.

“You’re my doll now,” you whisper.

“Yes,” she whispers back. “I’m your doll, master.”

You take a vibrator from the box, clicking it on. You lay her on the bed and flip up her dress, exposing her wet hole. You nuzzle her opening with the tip, spreading her lips open. You rub it against her clit, making her gasp and writhe with pleasure.

“Please, master,” she moans. “Deeper.”

You flick the vibrator up a notch, pressing it against her hole. “Beg for it.”

“Please, master!” she gasps, grabbing onto the sheets. “Put it in my filthy doll pussy!” she wriggles her hips against the teasing vibrator, as if trying to suck it in. You oblige, pressing the vibrator in, watching its length slowly get absorbed into her hole. You get an idea.

“Ohh, yes! Yes!” she moans as the dildo is now almost fully inside her. You flick it up one more notch, pressing two fingers against the base of it and making it disappear fully up her wet pussy.

You stand up, watching her quiver in pleasure. “Doll, I want some tea. Go and fetch me the tray from the kitchen. By yourself.”

She looks at you in surprise, then seems to understand. She gets to her feet slowly, knocking her knees as she hobbles out of her room, holding onto the walls for support. Her juice runs down her thighs, staining her stockings, but the dildo stays obediently inside her, gripping and rubbing against her tight walls. She makes her way to the table, picking up the tray with twitching hands. Her Shanghai doll floats into the kitchen, looking at Alice with the best approximation to shock it can manage. Alice looks at it with a smile, her face slick with sweat.

“Look, Shanghai. I’m a doll now… just like you…” she gives a sultry laugh, drunk with excitement. She walks back slowly, her knees shaking more fiercely now, making the teapot and cups clatter in the tray. “Aah… unngh… aah!” she trips and falls, dropping the tray to the floor, shattering the cups and cracking the teapot.

You kneel down by her, hoping she won’t be angry that you made her break some of her fine china. To your surprise, she looks up at you with a smile, her cheeks flush with pleasure. “Master, I’m sorry…” she says. “I broke the cups. I need to be punished for my disobedience…” three strings appear from her outstretched hand, and a few seconds later, two dolls float up carrying the box from her room, and a third brings you a length of black rope in one hand and a blindfold and extra pair of handcuffs in the other.

“I’m at your mercy, master.”


“Very well,” you feel like your smile is going to grow off your face, furrowing your brow and feigning anger at her accident. You pull the dildo out of her, turning it off. You decide to eschew tentacles for the more intimate action of sweeping her up in your arms. You set her in the bed, and her dolls follow you obediently into her room. You take the rope and blindfold from them. Pressing her arms together, you loop one section of the rope around her wrists and tie the other end to the top of the bed. You tie one leg to the bedpost at the bottom, the do the same with the other leg. You climb on the bed and lean over her as you fasten the blindfold around her eyes. You press your lips against hers, tasting her sweet softness. You can taste the tea from earlier on her tongue.

“You’re a very dirty girl,” you whisper, rubbing her pussy and slipping two fingers into her. She’s soaked, your fingers easily working their way in. “Just look at how wet you are.” You take your fingers out and press them against her lips. Alice licks and sucks on them obediently, leaving a strand of saliva on your fingers when you remove them. You take her vibrator and press it against her mouth next. “Now, clean up the mess you made.” She sucks and slurps on it until she’s cleaned every inch of her juice off it.

You bury your face between her legs, lapping her sweet juice up from her hole. You plunge your tongue in, wriggling it around inside her. “Yes, please master, more,” she moans. You sit up and take off your shirt, giving your tentacles free reign. Two thin ones sprout out, working their way up her dress and caressing her nipples. You flip her dress up, exposing her wetness. A third, thicker one comes out, looping around her leg and going under her hips. It rubs against her buttocks, then slips between her cheeks and prods against her tight anus.

“Nngh…” she moans. You unzip your pants, pushing your length against Alice’s cunt. It takes you in greedily, surrounding it with her warm walls. You push harder against her asshole, gaining entrance. “Aagh!” her hips buck as you open her asshole. Her mouth hangs open in pleasure, making wordless sounds of happiness. You thrust both your hips and your tentacle in tandem.

“Oh, oh, oh god, I… ah, I’m… I’m cumming!” she shouts. Her walls clamp down on you, squirts of her cum spraying out and soaking both your hips. Her screams and the tightness on your cock makes you feel your own orgasm rising. You pull out, removing the tentacles from her, and crawl up to straddle her chest.

“What’s- ah!” she gasps as you cum, bursts of thick cum splatting on her face, her blindfold, and in her open mouth. You catch your breath, numb with pleasure. “Now,” you swipe up a dab of your thick cum from her face. “Lick it off.”

She sucks it up, swallowing it slowly. “Thank you, master,” she says. You climb off of her and take the leash from her box of toys. “We’re not quite done yet,” you grin. You fasten the leash to her choker, giving it a tug to experiment. “Aah!” Alice squeaks, feeling the tug on her neck. You untie the ropes binding her, letting her sit up.

“What are we doing now, master?” she asks eagerly.

“We’re going for a walk,” you say, pulling gently on the leash. She follows you as you walk to the door. She hears it swing open. “Where are we going?”

“Outside. My doll needs fresh air?”

“But… what if someone sees?”

“So what if they do? You’re my doll. Now, let’s go,” you say, leading her out. She follows as you guide her around the yard, walking slowly to avoid tripping on anything. You realize a mix of her sweat and cum has soaked the top of her stockings, and her walk is slightly hobbled from her exertion. You do a lap around the house. It’s silent, save for sounds of occasional forest life and the crunching sound of grass beneath your feet. You pass a small garden, mostly roses and a few herbs, with a handful of dolls tending to the plants. They don’t seem to notice as Alice passes them, though color comes to Alice’s face as she passes them. You stop and put a hand gently on Alice’s back. “Why don’t you get on all fours?” you offer. She obliges, putting her hands on the ground and crawling along.

“Arf! Woof woof!” she says, after a few steps of crawling. You lean down and pet her head. “Good girl,” you tell her. She hangs her tongue out and pants like a dog, woofing happily a few times. You finish your walk, leading her back inside and closing the door. You undo the choker and pull her blindfold up over her head. She looks at you for a long moment, her grin threatening to come right off of her face.

“That was… Amazing.” She wraps her arms around your waist, hugging you closely. “I just… thank you. Thank you so much. That was so much better than doing it with my dolls.” You return her hug, running a hand through her hair. “I’m glad you liked it. I enjoyed it a lot too.” You hug in silence for a long moment.

“I think we both could use a bath,” she finally says, breaking away from your hug. “Would you… care to join me?” she says with some difficulty. “Of course,” you smile. You waste little time heading upstairs, undressing, and drawing a bath. You settle into the warm water, and Alice nestles into your lap. You hug her waist gently, leaning in to sniff her hair. “You still smell nice,” you say. Alice giggles. “Oh my goodness, I still have Shanghai’s hair,” she says, pinching the top of her forehead. The wig peels off, and her hair shortens back into its previous length, the ribbon disappearing. She tosses it by the door.

“I’m very happy,” she says for no reason in particular.

“I’m glad,” you give her a squeeze.

“Feeling like that, so helpless at someone’s mercy… it felt strange, but I loved it. I put my trust in someone,” she turns her head and gives you an angelic smile. You give her a peck on the lips. You finish up and both climb out. Two dolls fly in with a towel, then stop mid-flight. They seem to short-circuit, flying in separate directions, dropping the towel, then wandering back out in confusion. Alice laughs. “I guess my dolls aren’t used to two people needing to be dried off. Oh well,” she spreads her arms, “we can take turns drying each other.”

You laugh back. “Alice… you’re the best,” you say with a small shake of your head. You take the towel and dry her off, and she does the same to you. Alice opens the door, taking a singlet and panties from outside. She slips them on. “I’m afraid I don’t have any men’s pajamas, or underwear. You’re robe’s still drying, too. Would you be okay with…?”

You laugh again. “I understand. Where’s the guest room?”

“Well…” Alice glances back and forth, unable to say what comes next. She seems to have gone back to old-Alice. You rub her shoulder. “Would you like me to stay in your room tonight?” you ask.

“Yes, thank you. I’ve heard that it feels quite nice to sleep next to someone else.”

She opens the door to her room. The sheets have been changed, and the toys and costumes have been picked up off the floor. The two of you slide into bed. Alice turns over and puts her arms around your shoulders, holding you close. Tired, spent, and satisfied, you soon fall asleep. 
The lights come on in… Alice’s room? It looks like it, but there’s no furniture, you’re just standing in the center of the room. A figure materializes in front of you. As he comes into detail, you can get a better look at him. Dark hair in dreadlocks going down to his chin. A black robe with purple spiral designs on it that make you dizzy if you look at them too much.

“Hey there,” he says. A slightly gravely voice, sounding like he’s trying to sell something to you. “Let’s make ourselves comfortable, shall we?” Two wicker chairs flicker into existence. He takes a seat in one, making a pipe appear in his hand. He takes a long puff from it as you sit down, facing him.

“First, let me say, great job,” he gives a crooked smile. “Three fairies and a youkai in one day. Not bad for a human, especially one who’s only been my host for one day. The soup wasn’t bad either. Not that I need food, but it’s always nice to have. Allow me to introduce myself. I’m inside of you.” His grin widens, showing his teeth.

“Who are you?”

“You’ve been calling me ‘the beast’ in your head. I suppose that will do for now. Your mind has been useful, by the way,” he sinks further back into the chair, taking another puff. “So they finally decided to go along with sealing away Gensokyo? It must’ve been a little after I’d been sealed, if the times in your head are correct. Also, pissing sitting down is for children and sissies, no matter what you tell yourself.”

“Very funny,” you mutter. “But who are you?”

“Aww, is that any way to treat your new buddy? I’m a youkai, of course. About… 300 years old, not counting my time sealed.”

“Sealed?”

“Let me finish! Geez. I’m about 300 years old. I was sealed by the Hakurei shrine maiden… gah, what’s her name… I can’t remember it, it was so long ago. Anyway, she chased me down and sealed me.”

“Why?”

“She thought I was dangerous because I feed on sexual release.”

“You mean…” you cough awkwardly.

“No, I don’t eat semen, you dimwit. The energy of sexual release. It’s my power. And I’m aided in gathering my food by this,” he raises a hand. You hear a very soft gurgling sound and see a thick, clear liquid form on his fingers. “This is a very special secretion. It can be absorbed through the skin quite quickly. When someone takes it, their inhibitions are lessened, particularly with regards to their secret sexual desires. I’m sure,” his grin takes on a vicious look, “you felt something off when you held Alice the first few times.”

Your jaw drops. So that’s what that feeling was. Does that mean…

“…that Alice doesn’t really like you? Who knows?” he answers your question for you, pausing to take another puff. “Not that I would mind. The girl seems to be quite the food source. Anyway…” he pauses, rubbing his forehead. “Ergh, this is taking more effort than I thought. Still weak. Anyway, keep up the good work, tiger. I’m gonna recharge.” He winks at you, then slowly fades away, along with the chairs, then the room. There’s a moment of blackness, then your eyes snap open. Alice is still fast asleep, her arms wrapped lazily around your shoulders. You feel a sudden shiver of pleasure from one of your tentacles. Wait, what?

A tentacle has sprouted out of your chest of its own will, having worked its way to her panties. It’s rubbing against her, enough for her to feel it, but not to wake her up. “Mmh…” she moans sleepily, her breath tickling your neck. You freeze, wondering how you should react.

Knock knock knock. You twitch in surprise and see Star knocking at Alice’s window. Fortunately she hasn’t seen what’s going on under the covers. She motions at you.


You withdraw your tentacle. It protests, wanting to feed, but obliges after a few seconds. You hope your tentacle revolting doesn’t become a frequent thing. You slide out from Alice’s grip and get on your feet. You rub her shoulder gently, waking her up. “G’morning,” she says. “I was having the most wonderful dream…” she smiles at you.

You give her a quick hug. “I’ll be right back Alice, I’m just going to meet a friend outside for a moment.”

“Mmkay,” she says, still half-asleep. “Hurry back.”

“I will, honey.”

“Honey?” she laughs. “…I like it.” She pecks you on the lips. You turn around to go, and see Star laughing silently, pointing at you. Oh, right. Naked. You blush, slipping out the door. Fortunately, the dolls left your robe and underwear outside the door. You slip it on, remembering with a start that you left your spell card in your pocket overnight. You check your pocket and breathe a sigh of relief. It’s still there, still perfectly useable.

You head outside to meet Star and see her holding a basket of eggs. She whips one at you when you step out, hitting you square in the face.

“Pow!” she laugh. “Sorry, force of habit. Anyway, hi! You have a little zit on your butt, by the way. That’s what you get for sitting in mud!”

“Har har,” you mutter, wiping the egg off your face. “Is that any way to greet someone after they do you a favor?”

“Oh, that reminds me! Sunny hasn’t got over what you did to her yesterday. Whatever you made her feel, she kept trying to do it again. She couldn’t do it by herself, and someone was walking through the forest alone, and we were going to prank him, but Sunny said no, she wanted to do something to him. Before we could say anything she tackled him and started yanking off his pants going ‘do that thing that that guy did! Or I’ll punch you!’ then she started rubbing against him and…”

Why, hello boner. Funny seeing you here.

“…anyway, he ran away and Sunny got all ticked so she made him run into a tree. Banged his nose up pretty badly.”

“Quite the story,” you cough. “Why did you come here, exactly?”

Star looks confused for a moment, then shrugs. “I saw one animate object inside the other, and it looked really weird. I wanted to see if it was you. I guess this means now I can find you no matter where you run~” she giggles.

“Star Sapphire?”

You both turn around. Alice is standing in the doorway, dressed in her usual clothes. “Well, well, well,” she says to Star. “What’re those eggs for? I don’t suppose you’re planning to throw them at my house. Because my dolls didn’t like cleaning up all that egg yolk last time.” She gives a slightly poisonous smile, perching two dolls with tiny but sharp-looking spears. A third doll floats out and hands you a towel to dry your face. Star looks at the basket, then at Alice, then the basket. “Ah, whatever,” she frowns. “Youkai are so much less fun than humans,” she puts her hands on her hips and sticks her tongue out at Alice.

“What’s that? You gave us those eggs to make omelets for breakfast? Such a kind little fairy,” Alice takes Star’s basket with one hand and pinches her cheek with the other. The two spear-dolls pick up the basket, floating to the kitchen. Alice turns in and follows them.

“Alice is acting weird today,” Star whispers. “She’s usually a lot easier to annoy or tease.”

“She’s in a good mood today,” you whisper back. You go into the kitchen, seeing a group of dolls busy with cooking, cracking eggs into pans, chopping mushrooms and bell peppers. Alice sits at the table, and a doll brings her a freshly-brewed teapot. “Will Star be joining us for breakfast?” she asks. Star nods, taking a seat. The doll pours three cups, bringing them to the table.

“So,” Alice takes a sip of tea. “You’re friends with Star?”

You nod, taking a moment to choose your words carefully. “Sort of. I had an encounter with the three fairies yesterday. I caught Star and Luna, and Star said she’d help me find Sunny if I let her go, since Sunny was the one who tricked me into stepping into a pond. Anyway, I let her go, and she seems to have taken a bit of a liking to me.” Star is nice and all but if she brings up sexy spankings in front of Alice you might have to stab her. Thankfully, she seems more focused on the omelets that were just brought to the table, eating hungrily. “Ish good,” she says through a mouthful of egg.

“Is that why she threw an egg on your face?” Alice says.

You laugh. “Ah, well. She’s a fairy.”

“By the way, today’s Saturday. I usually send my dolls to shop, but I was wondering if you’d like to, um, go shopping with me in the village.”

“Ooh~” Star coos. “Alice has a loooooveeeeeeer~”

A doll swings by and scoops up Star’s half-finished plate. “Nooo!” she shouts, chasing the doll. “I’m sorry, I take it back! Give me back my fooood!”

The doll drops the plate back at Star’s seat. She sits down, crossing her arms and pouting. “Lousy stinkin’… can’t mess with anyone today…” she mutters. Alice covers her mouth, suppressing her laugher. The rest of breakfast passes smoothly. The dolls clean the kitchen, then float off to some other task.

“Anyway,” Star says. “Sunny wants you to visit her soon. I’ll leave you two to your kissing now~!” she flies off, narrowly avoiding a rag thrown by Alice.

“Well, on that note,” Alice says with an embarrassed smile. “Shall we head to the village? If we get out while it’s early, there should be plenty of time to meet your friend too.” 
“I’d love to go shopping,” you smile. Alice still seems so happy. If she’s still so pleased, all these hours after she’d gotten the inhibition-releasing slime, maybe she really does like you.

“Great! I’ll go get my list and bags.” Silvery strands spring from her fingers, and her dolls bring her a few cloth bags and a shopping list. “Let’s go, then.”

You walk out, and Alice instinctively starts flying through the air. She floats back down a few seconds later, realizing you aren’t following her. “Sorry,” she says. “I sort of forgot you can’t fly. Though… if you’re part-youkai now, do you think you could?”

You shrug. “Sure, let’s give it a try.”

“Okay,” Alice steps behind you and puts her hands on your shoulders. “Close your eyes, clear your mind and focus.”

You do so, taking a few deep breaths.

“When you jump, why do you fall back down?”

“Gravity,” you reply.

“Imagine, for a moment, that gravity doesn’t exist. Imagine there’s no such thing, that if you jump, you’ll float away.” She gives you a few seconds to concentrate.

“Now… float.” She takes her hands off of your back. You jump, keeping your eyes closed.

You rise up slowly. You feel weightless. No gravity, you think. Floating. Moving. No gravity. Floating. Mov-OH GOD I’M FALLING. You dip down, stop in midair, then slowly sink back to the ground.

“That’s good!” Alice says. “You were flying for a second there!”

“Really?”

“Yeah. Don’t worry if it takes a while, learning to fly is like learning to walk, it takes time.”

“I’d be glad to learn from you, Alice.”

“That’s very nice of you,” she smiles. “But in the meantime,” she put her hands around your waist. “I think I’ll just fly you there. Ready?”

You nod. Alice floats up off the ground, holding you tight. She rises above the trees, then starts flying forward. You wish you could hold onto her for support, this feels really weird. The comforting feel of Alice’s bust pressing against your back is nice, though.

A few minutes later Alice floats down, dropping you a few inches above the ground in front of the gates to the human village. Saturday means market day, which means the streets bustle with people selling everything from fruit to medicine to children’s toys. The sounds of vendors hawking their deals, both fake and legitimate, fill the air.

“Blessed by the Aki sisters themselves! Best wine you’ll ever taste!”

“Best-quality tools in town! Buy one, use it for a lifetime!”

“Bumper crop of cotton this season! Buy five baskets, get one free!”

“It’s so noisy,” Alice says, slightly intimidated. “I’m so used to sending my dolls here and ignoring all this activity.” You squeeze her hand lightly. “Don’t worry, I’ve lived here all my life. I can show you around.” You give her a grin.

You stop at one of the largest stalls, a collection of fresh-picked vegetables from the biggest farm in the village. “Let’s stop here, get some food. What do you need?”

Alice pulls a list out of her pocket. “Hmm… celery, onions, carrots, and mushrooms.” The two of you browse the selection, picking out the best-looking crops. Someone behind the stall comes up to you. “Got all ya need?”

Alice nods. The farmer takes a look at what she’s selected. “That’ll be… 1,700 yen.”

Alice reaches into her purse. You stop her. “You’re just going to take that price?”

Alice cocks her head. “What do you mean?”

“You never pay what they tell you. You’ve got to learn to barter.” You turn to the farmer. “Shame on you, taking advantage of an innocent young lady like her. These crops do look good, though… I’ll give you eleven hundred for the bunch.”

The farmer wrinkles his nose. “Eleven? Any less than fifteen and I’m giving them away. She’s lucky I gave her such a good price.”

“I wasn’t born yesterday. Thirteen hundred, and that’s more than I’d usually pay.”

“Fifteen. We’ve got to make a living, you know.”

“You can make a living on fourteen then. Unless you want us to go somewhere else?”

“Fourteen-fifty.” He crosses his arms. You rub your chin in thought for a moment. “Alright, done. Fourteen-fifty it is.” You nod at Alice, who counts out the money, looking surprised. “I just saved 250 yen,” she says as you and her walk away. “Do you do that every time you shop?”

“Yep, most people do.”

“I never knew… and to think, I’ve been paying too much this whole time!” Alice frowns. You give her a pat on the shoulder. “Don’t worry, it’s easy once you get the hang of it. What else do we need?”

“Hmm,” Alice checks her list again. “I need some blue and white yarn, I’ve got an order from the mansion to repair some maid uniforms. And… I should probably get a few teacups, to replace the ones from last night.” She gives a timid glance at her feet, remembering what happened.

“Do you… want to talk about that?” you ask.

Alice sighs. “It’s… I like you. I know I’ve just met you, but I get a good feeling from you. But I don’t want you to get the wrong idea of me. Last night was… I wasn’t quite myself. It had been such a quiet day. And when I met someone who knew about all the things I did, and didn’t think I was weird, someone who actually enjoyed it too… I guess I just got a little excited.”

You squeeze her hand affectionately. “It’s okay, we can take this as slow or as fast as you’d like.”

“Thank you,” she looks up at you. “I mean that.”

You wander through the streets, buying what you need. The shopping goes quickly, and you finish up around noon.

“That’s all of it,” Alice says, putting the yarn in her bag. “Where should we go now?”

“I was thinking we could see the sights, maybe get some food.”

“Oh? What about your friend?”

“The day’s still quite early. She can wait.” Yes, Sunny can wait, rubbing herself in the forest, moaning and longing for your…

…You should probably choose somewhere to go and distract you right now. 
“Say, have you been to that new temple here? The Myouren temple?”

“No, I’ve never heard of it.”

“It’s quite popular, I bet you’ll like it. It’s this way,” you lead her through the village to the shrine. Humans and Youkai are wandering around the entrance, praying, chatting, or just admiring the many statues and objects of interest. A youkai girl with green hair and furry dog-like ears is sweeping the steps, wearing a teal dress that looks more like an oversized shirt. She gives you a wave as you step into the temple.

Inside, it feels more like a large, cozy home than a shrine. You go down a few random halls, looking at the paintings and statues of Gensokyo’s many deities, some of which have notes next to them describing their history and influence.

“Hello there!” You turn around to see a woman with long, wavy hair, purple at the top, fading to light brown at the bottom. She has a white dress on with a black sort of half-dress on above it, black strips of fabric going across her middle. “My name’s Byakuren Hijiri, I’m a monk, and the founder of this temple.” She offers you a handshake, pumping your arm up and down with surprising vigor. She turns to Alice and just about tears her arm off with her shake, smiling at the two of you like she’s just been reunited with her long-lost children.

“What do you think? We’re new here, but we seem to have become quite a hit. Gensokyo needs a breath of fresh air, in my opinion. Humans have no need to fear youkai in this day and age, and vice-versa. That’s why the Myouren Temple practices a message of cooperation and understanding. But when I look at the two of you, I feel like I’m preaching to the choir,” she laughs. It’s a friendly, sincere laugh. Maternal, in a way.

“I’d hazard a guess that you’re both humans which became youkai, is that right?”

You both nod. “Oh, wonderful!” she claps her hands together.

“Byakuren… you specialize in changing physical abilities, right?”

“That’s right!” Byakuren chirps. “That’s how I’ve kept this girlish figure up over the centuries,” she giggles. For a monk, she seems awfully animated. She and Alice start discussing the intricacies of magic.

“My, you really seem to know your stuff,” Byakuren says. “I wasn’t planning on doing much today, would you like to have some tea, maybe I could show you some of my books?”

“That would be lovely,” Alice says.

“Would it be alright if I explored a little? I don’t really know much about magic, sorry,” you cut in.

“Oh, that’s quite alright, dear. The temple’s quite large, there’s all sorts of fascinating people who live here,” Byakuren says immediately, even though you were looking at Alice. You’re a bit worried about what would happen if this woman drank tea right now, any more caffeine and she might just explode.

“That would be fine with me,” Alice says, smiling at you. She and Byakuren walk off, resuming their discussion. You start wandering through the temple. It’s much larger than you’d first imagined, and there’s a surprising amount going on. Out by the entrance, a tiger youkai and mouse youkai have started giving some kind of demonstration, twirling spears in complex, dizzying patterns to polite applause from spectators. You watch for a few minutes, then go to look at the garden.

The fresh fragrance of plants hangs over the whole place, large, colorful flowers carefully designed into beautiful patterns. You wander through it, lost in the sweet smell and beauty. You could swear you hear another set of footsteps behind you. You glance over your shoulder, but see nothing. Ah well. You head back inside. You feel the tea going through your system. Apparently you’re still human enough that your bladder’s still working. “Um, excuse me,” you ask a passing monk. “Is there a bathroom here?”

He nods, pointing down the hall. “To the left from there.”

“Thanks.” You follow his directions, entering a bathroom with a modern design. You sit down on the seat. Forget what everyone says, sitting down for pissing is better. You lean back and hear a jiggle on the doorknob.

“I’m in h-“ you start. A hand darts in and flicks the lights off, slamming the door shut and locking it with a click. Your heart starts racing. You resist the urge to jump up and spray urine everywhere. Instead, you fling tentacles out in random directions. One of them hits something, an arm from the feel of it. You pin whatever it is to the wall, sending another tentacle a little to the left of the first, thinking you could get the other arm of whoever’s in here. You wave it around, gripping around a flailing arm.

“Hey!” it shouts. You yank your robe closed and flick on the lights. Your tentacles are gripped around the arms of a girl with short black hair. She’s wearing a small black dress and black leggings, with red decorations along the skirt and a red bow on her collar.

“What are you doing?” you hiss at her. “Why did you follow me in here?” You feel a sponginess from the tentacles gripping her arms. Crud, can you grip any woman without trying to fill them with kink-juice?

“I wanted to ask you something,” she says. “But it’s not something I can just come out and ask, I didn’t want other people to see.”

“Alright then, out with it.”

“Let me go first,” she says, struggling against the tentacles. You feel that spongy feeling again.

“What? You just attacked me in a-“ you’re cut off mid-sentence as a series of tentacles fly out of her back, smashing into your chest and sending you toppling back, hitting the far wall with your back. She grabs your arms and legs with them, holding you still.

“Now,” she says, standing over you. “I wanted to… ask… wanted to…” her voice starts trailing off as her face flushes with color. She leans in and gives you a kiss, wet and sloppy, on your face.

“Hey there,” she says, grinning. “My name’s Nue.” She wraps her arms around your waist. This isn’t good. Did that tentacle stuff get stronger? You thought it just made people more suggestive, not… this.

“There’s something about you,” she slips her hand under your robe, rubbing your chest and abdomen. “Something that just makes me love you.” She pinches one of the roots on your chest, dragging a tentacle out of it. She rubs it, feeling it widen in her hand, then starts to lick it, giggling as she sees your face contort with confused pleasure.

She presses you to the ground, standing over you. She reaches under her dress and lowers her panties to her knees. She stands over your chest, crouching down slowly. You can see her bare pussy from this angle. She grabs your tentacle and guides it to her crotch, rubbing it against her.

“Ooh,” she moans. “Ooooh.” She lowers down further, your tentacle sliding between her lips into her hungry pussy. She slides all the way down until she’s straddling your chest. You can smell the lust from her pussy as she settles against your chest. She starts bouncing up and down, her cunt slapping against your chest as she rides you.

“Wider!” She shouts. “Harder!”

You can’t resist. You widen the tentacle, feeling it press and stretch the walls of her insides. She starts riding you, making long thrusts along your entire length, then quick shivers close to your chest. She grabs your upper arms, her fingernails digging deep into your skin. “You feel so good! You…!” She stops suddenly, blinking like she’d just woken up. She presses her hand against your chest, this time rooting for something. Her hand sinks slightly into your chest, grabbing something. Your spell card. She pulls it out, looking at it in disbelief for a long moment. She stares at you.

“D… daddy?” she chokes. 
Shit. SHIT.

Someone screams in your head. You recognize that voice, it’s the one from your dream last night. It’s the beast. ‘What the hell is going on?’ you think-ask it.

I… I don’t know. I don’t know what the hell. All I can see is… she has a thing for incest.

‘What? So… is she just calling us ‘daddy’ or are you really her dad?’

I can’t be! I… wait, ask her her name. Her full name.

Nue’s look of surprise turns to one of pure, unbridled lust. You open your mouth to speak, but she slams her face against yours, thrusting her tongue into your mouth and moaning. “Daddy~” she coos in your ear, mounting your tentacle. “Daddy, I love you.” She starts riding you again.

“What’s… your… name…” you manage to say through grunts of pleasure.

“I’m Nue Houjuu, daddy,” she giggles. She moves her hips in circles, your tentacle twirling inside her filled walls.

Houjuu… Houjuu… damn, it’s hard to focus! She feels so good! Get her off me, I need to think!

You strain against the tentacles, getting enough ground to shove Nue, who falls back, your tentacle sliding out of her pussy with a popping sound. Her grip on your limbs loosens as she hits the floor.

Much better, thank you. Houjuu… Houj- oh no. Oh, damn.

‘So let me guess, you really are her dad?’

Maybe. I think so. There was this girl once, she looked different every time I had sex with her, but her sexual signature was the same each time. Eventually she told me she was a Nue, and that’s how she hid her form like that. And… she looked a lot like her.

You get to your feet. Nue looks at you with a hurt expression. She crawls to you. “Aww, don’t you like me, daddy?” She wraps her hands around your waist, pressing her face against your crotch. “I can make you happy,” her face slips between the folds of your robe.

“Okay, seriously, you might- aah!” you try to protest, but feel her mouth envelop your cock. “I might… ah! I might really be your da- ooh!” You can barely talk through your gasps of pleasure. Lewd slurping and swallowing noises come from her mouth. You grab her head, pulling her off.

“This has gone far enough! I don’t want to do this, you might be my daughter! Er, his daughter!” You point at your chest. Nue just grins. The tentacles on her back spring to life again, grabbing your wrists and ankles and pinning you to the ground.

“You might not want to do this, but I do,” she grabs your belt and unties it, letting your robe fall to your sides. Your dick stands tall. She grabs her dress, peeling it off, displaying her pert, small breasts. Nue guides a tentacle under your thighs, slipping beneath your sack. It slides into the space between your cheeks, prodding against your asshole.

“I’m serious Nue, we shouldn’t- uunnnngh!” she thrusts the tentacle into your tight hole, making your whole body twitch with pleasure. She crawls back up to your chest, the fluid from her pussy smearing over your body. She grabs your tentacle, still hanging out of your chest, and yanks on it, pulling some more length out of it. “I want more,” she whispers, turning around and stuffing it inside her. She works back, her tight, youthful ass pointed at you as she envelops your tentacle. You feel yourself going even deeper, prodding against her womb with some length left over.

“Yes! Yes!” she screams. She bends her head down, slurping at your cock as she flails her hips against your tentacle.

“Nue, I’m…! I’m gonna cum!” you shout. You feel it rise in your cock, then shoot out into her mouth. You feel her mouth fill with cum as you keep squirting, then come to a stop. She sits up and swallows it loudly. “I’m almost there!” She screams. “Keep going!” Her hips thrust harder against you, trying to take every last inch of you. “Ah! Ah! I’m cumming!” Her thrusts almost become a blur as she grabs your thighs, screaming in bliss. Her cum squirts out onto your body, getting you wet. She continues screaming and hollering for several minutes, then collapses on top of you, totally spent. She withdraws her tentacles to her back and turns around lazily, looking you in the eyes. Her breasts rest on your chest, her stiff nipples poking you.

“Mmm,” she says, sighing happily. She lies on top of you for a long minute, not saying anything else. You want get up, to do something, but your whole body feels sore.

A loud knock comes from the door. “Are you okay? I heard screaming.”

You force yourself to speak. “We’re okay, don’t come in.”

“We?”

Damn. “Just… don’t come in please.”

“…okay.” The voice seems to leave, and you breathe a sigh of relief, taking another minute to get your energy back. It’s oddly relaxing, feeling this girl on top of you, her slow, rhythmic breaths pushing against you. Finally, you can’t wait any longer, the tension is killing you.

“…So. The thing inside me is your dad?” you ask.

Nue looks up and nods at you. “Yeah. I never really knew him…” she sighs. “When he got sealed by that Hakurei woman, I got sealed too. My sentence was a lot shorter than his though, they figured it’d be enough to teach me a lesson. So for the first part of my life he was wandering around, then for the rest of it he was sealed up.”

…let her know I’m here. I’m just weak, I can’t quite live on my own yet. I still need a host.

Without thinking, you put your arms on Nue’s back, patting her softly. “Your dad’s here. He can hear us. He just needs some time, he’s only been unsealed for a few days and can’t quite live on his own.”

“Thanks,” Nue says. She thinks for a moment, then suddenly sits up. “We need to get dressed, there’s something in my room for you.” You both take the paper towels and toilet paper, doing your best to dry the fluids off your bodies. She looks so young and lovely, cleaning herself like that. You put on your robe, tying it shut. You peek out the door to see if anyone’s in the hall, then head out. “Follow me,” Nue says. She leads you away from the fancier parts of the temple to the living quarters. “Be back in one sec,” she says, going into her room. She comes back a moment later, holding a piece of paper.

“When you got sealed away, they left behind one of your spell cards. I decided if I ever found you, I’d give it back.”

Thanks, Nue… please, tell her I’m sorry. Ask her if she’s alright.

“He… he says he’s sorry,” you tell her. “He wants to know if you’ve been doing alright.”

Nue smiles sadly. “It’s okay, I understand. It’s your nature. It’s the nature of lots of youkai to wander from place to place. They’ve never really made good parents,” she laughs. “But mostly, I’m just glad that I finally got the chance to meet you… and, I hope someday you can live outside a host, and I can see you again.” She hugs you. “And to answer your question, I’m doing well. Byakuren is a wonderful woman, and she takes good care of all of us. Gensokyo is a good place now. I might not be attacking humans anymore, but I don’t mind as much as I thought I would. I’ve made friends and I’m making myself useful here.” She breaks her embrace, handing you the card. “You should get back to Alice.”

“Thanks, y- how did you know?”

“Better hurry getting out of there, dad,” she says with a laugh. “I have a feeling he might walk you right off a cliff without realizing it.”

Heh. She’s a good kid.

“Oh, and hey, human. Don’t think too much about what happened in the bathroom. And don’t think I’m going crazy with dad-issues either, I’m perfectly capable of living on my own, and I’ve done so for almost eight hundred years. But no one lives that long without picking up some interesting tastes,” she smirks.

“Eight hundred years?” you say. “But your father said he was only three hundred.”

Nue rolls her eyes. “Dad, did you really think anyone would buy that?”

She’s got her mother’s sass, too.

“Anyway,” Nue says. “You should be on your way. I’ve kept you long enough already.”

“Okay. We’ll see you later Nue, promise.”

Nue disappears into her room, leaving you alone. You glance at the spell card. It’s got black background decorated with spiral patterns like the one on dad’s- er, the beast’s robe. The words “Tentacle sign ‘silent incubus’” run along the top. You place it in your chest next to your other card, and then head back out to the front of the temple. Alice is there, talking with Byakuren.

“Ah, there he is!” Byakuren says. “You know, Alice here is something else. She came to me to learn, but she wound up correcting me half the time!” she laughs.

“Honestly, miss Hijiri,” Alice looks slightly embarrassed. “You sell yourself short. I learned a lot from you today.”

“Oh, call me Byakuren.” She gives Alice’s shoulder a squeeze. “And do swing by again sometime soon, I had a lovely time talking with you.” She turns to face you. “Really, I’d love it if you could help this poor girl come out of her shell. She has so much potential!”

“Byakuren, please,” Alice cuts in. “It’s embarrassing when you talk about me like that.”

Byakuren clucks her tongue. “Oh, I didn’t mean any harm by it, dear. But I really would like you to come by again soon, I’m sure everyone here would love to meet you.”

“Thank you. I had a good time too,” Alice says, glad to see that part of the conversation ending. “How about you?” she looks at you. “How’s the temple? Run into anything interesting?”

On the slopes of the Goddesses’ Mount, inside the outlet tunnels of the Underworld, a spider had made her home.

It had not been her first one – not even the second, nor third. It had not been her best one; though, positively, nor the worst. A ways down the winding entryways, the spider – to her wit, the eldest of her kin – had fashioned a place to (once more) call her own. Two rooms and a kitchen, an ice-box by one of the walls outside, and a wooden shower cabin behind the house were all to count toward it. Not near so decorous like the spider’s previous such house. Not at all.

And yet, it was everything she needed… and wanted, in her day-to-day life. A kitchen and two rooms. A study and bedroom in one, a lounge in the second. A low table for eating, drinking and the like. A cupboard of shelves – cluttered with trinkets from both above and below the ground. A moderately threadbare couch – swathed in a collection of throws and wraps and scraps of castaway fabrics. A big, warm pillow atop. And the spider laid out over it.

The maker of the house – and wraps, and scraps – presently shifted in her cosy spot. She, whom fearful humans had once styled the mother of plagues, breathed in then out, pleasantly. The eldest of the earth spiders, Yamame Kurodani, craned up her neck… and brushed a soft, perfunctory kiss on the pillow’s bristly chin.

The pillow grunted. It moved, in turn, underneath her – folding its arms close on Yamame’s back – and pulling her in tight. The spider sighed her happiness into the pillow’s fuzzy bathrobe case. Her legs – naked from the thigh down – wrapped snug around the pillow’s own. The bathrobe, which she had sewn after another of her old designs, felt tickly on her bare skin. The filling – warm, slightly pliable (but only slightly) – pushed back against her, as if in response. Yamame giggled at the odd sensation.

The pillow lurched. It rose, gently, below the giggling spider. A few heartbeats – the pillow’s as well as her own – ticked by before it spoke its uncontainable thoughts.

“… What’s so funny?” it wanted to know.

You, Yamame answered inside. You are. You are funny, and comfortable, and sweet. And I love you.

On the outside, she said nothing. Smiling, gleefully bypassing the pillow’s questioning frown, Yamame slid herself up, and kissed her comforter fully on the lips. The comforter made a grouchy sound… then, a less grouchy one, once Yamame put more animation into the kiss. The big hands, until now clasped about her waist, quested up and under the thin, button-up chemise she used for sleepwear. Their long, masculine fingers probed up the spider’s naked back. The fabric strained on the front from the added volume of body parts.

Yamame, moaning, broke the kiss.

“Mrrn… Sekibanki?”

Her human pillow paused in feeling up the rear of her body. “… Yes?”

“If you’re going to do that,” the spider spinstress complained, “then watch the buttons. They’re about to snap off.”

“… Is that my fault?”

Almost, and Yamame would have missed the jibe. “… Snake,” she scolded.

Then, with somewhat more force, she resumed the suspended kiss.

Her human, Sekibanki, did not idly receive her affection. No. He kissed right back; and then – still doing so – pushed both himself and the lighter spider up to a sit. Yamame, now seated in his lap, had almost to lean her head all the way back to keep her lips accessible to her human. And, idiotically, she loved it. She loved the requisite of gymnastics the position imposed on her. She loved the vague, compromising hint of surrender. She loved that her human dared do it all to her. Her: the deadliest earth spider of all.

The months since the incident with Sekibanki’s godling had changed him; of course they had. The half-year of hospitalisation had wracked his physique; his figure had become rather more wiry than the muscle Yamame had found to appreciate on him. His palms had begun to go soft; and the wintering in his family home afterwards (with only accounting and Yamame to work) had fulfilled that promise.

However, the traces of the man he had been had never disappeared in full. His face had been the same, hard thing it had always been – apparently impervious to humour; and his shoulders hadn’t lost their width. And now, on the cusp of Spring, back in Yamame’s immediate employ, Sekibanki had set about his convalescence in earnest. No later than a month after returning with the spinstress to her (new) house, the human had once more scaled the stairs to Gensokyo above. To find for the great architect of the Underworld the next outlet for her talents.

Another project. Another spoke in her creative web.

At times, Yamame Kurodani had felt a silly fool for falling in love with the first human whom she had come to know. But, that day, she had remembered her feelings for Sekibanki hadn’t threaded in her heart simply for the convenience of proximity or time. They had, because Sekibanki had known who Yamame was – really was – beneath the titles, legends and hearsay:

An artist.

A craftswoman.

That he had won in extracting these desires out of her – against Yamame’s best resistance – had been a feat of incredible dedication. Almost as incredible, truthfully, as it had been to persuade him afterwards he was not forbidden to love her as well. Sekibanki could be as bull-headed as an Oni when he put his mind to it, and had made an expert use of the skill. But the run-in with death at the fangs of his nascent god had torn down that particular wall. Sekibanki these days told the spider spinstress how much he loved her often and in variably intimate ways.

Sekibanki. Not Paran.

That name had been excised from his life. Only then, after much too long, Yamame had been made privy to his true one. Sekibanki. The name bestowed to him at birth by his parents. One parent – whom Yamame had inadvertently killed; and the other – who had accepted her even so. Accepted, and – like son, like mother – unlocked before the earth spider yet another venue by which to exercise her gifts over the frozen, inert season. The household, in which her human had spent his formative years, earned its subsistence from fabrics and textiles for later processing; without a committed team of clothiers, this had been the breadth of its business. With Yamame’s practiced fingers, however, and her illimited supply of time… Well, things hadn’t changed greatly. Still, a few women of the Human Village had definitely been dazzled by their friends with new, uniquely fashioned winter coats in those cold months – and that had been satisfaction enough.

That, and the tacit approval of the person important to the man she loved.

Yamame drew back, out of the kiss. Sekibanki’s lips trailed after hers – holding them for just that moment longer. The spinstress caught – and tied up – the yearning urge to stretch it even further. She kissed back one last time… and one last more… and then sat up straight on her human’s lap.

Straight off the road, out from under the cold Spring drizzle, Sekibanki had cut a sad, waterlogged sight. A hot shower and a change of clothes had refitted him into something Yamame might – and did – want in her bed. The front of his bathrobe had pulled open down the front somewhere in their cuddling; and Yamame was thrilled to find out the insides – while nowhere so appetising that they used to be – still tugged at her attention. Sekibanki’s hands slid out from under Yamame’s chemise as she drew back, and settled in their favourite place atop her thighs.

The spider spinstress smiled. Then, she tucked a stray wisp of her long, blond hair behind an ear.

“So-o?” she drawled, imitating a particular one – more headstrong – of her younger sisters. “What have you got for me?”

It took a few blinks of his wonderful, dark eyes for her human to pull himself free of the web Yamame had cast. But even with her flimsy sleepwear, even past her kisses, even with her full (really, though, not that terrible) weight on top of him, Sekibanki was too ardent about his work to forget why he had left Yamame’s den five days before. Why he had returned no more than two hours prior. And, finally, why – rather than take his sleep at once after showering – he had let himself be shoved onto the couch, fed, watered, worried over and cuddled in exactly that order.

Now, appropriately tended to, the envoy of the earth spiders gave of his professional secrets with no restraint.

“… Well,” Sekibanki said, “I got you… something.”

At least, he had begun.

Yamame egged him on with another smile. “Something, as in…?”

“As in to build,” returned her human. “It’s a… Hmm. Well, it is something, all very good.”

The great architect rolled her eyes. “Please.”

Sekibanki shifted below her a bit. “All right,” he indulged. “To start, you’ve seen the fields of grain and orchards beyond the town’s wall, yes?”

“Mhm.” Yamame nodded. I’ve dragged you across them, she added in her head. That was a nice evening.

“All nice fields,” Sekibanki went on, “fertile, rotated, neatly laid out… and very, very big. With very, very long highways for the farmers to cart the produce from the fields to the town proper. Too long, if you’ll listen to some very, very discontent voices. Which is why this. Someone complained about it at the town council. Someone else proposed a solution. Someone else still was there and had a… recommendation they wanted to share.”

Yamame frowned. “So… roads?”

Her human swivelled his chin left and right. “The roads were what they complained about, Yamame. What they want is a way-station somewhere afield. A place where the farmhands could store the produce from the surrounding plots, while someone else picks it up. So they can keep at their work – rather than the long trip every time.”

Yamame’s heart sank. “A barn?” she moaned. “You want me to build a barn?”

“More or less.”

“But that’s so boring!”

Sekibanki shaped a teasing smile. “Actually, that’s the boring half. See, Yamame, you underestimate the laziness of humankind. Only granted, I guess… since you are what you are.”

“… Is that a compliment?”

“It’s a fact.” Her human shrugged it away. “The less boring half is this. They want some sort of… contraption, in that barn, that could unload whole sackfuls of stuff at a time. Then, when another wagon rolls in to take it to town, they want to be able to load it just as nimbly. A pivoting crane, maybe, or winch, or… something.”

“And I would have to design that?” Yamame asked.

“Yes. There were suggestions that the Kappa had similar machinery for sale, but… The Kappa want coin for their work. The town council, though – they are opposed to releasing physical currency outside of the walls. The metals are a sight difficult to come by, if you’ll believe. And, someone would still need to nail together the barn around the machine.”

“Better to bore the earth spiders, then?”

Sekibanki grinned. “You’re the ones who take barter.” The grin stiffened over the moment, and the envoy of the earth spiders regarded their eldest with a mounting consternation. “… No good? You don’t have to take it. There’ll be other jobs. Snows have barely thawed last week.”

“No.” Yamame shook her head. “No. It’s fine. Well, the barn is… a barn. But, that crane thing. That’ll be interesting. We’d have to organise it so the goods can be stored with sense, too. Hmm. Maybe tiered shelves? Maybe build it over the road, and have platforms on the sides…”

“So, you’ll take it?” Sekibanki wanted to confirm.

“Yes,” confirmed Yamame. “Yes, silly. I’ll take it. Geez.”

Her human sighed his relief. He made to punctuate it with another grin – and a lame jape, no two doubts – but Yamame stole the whole sentence by lifting herself up on her knees and kissing his mouth shut. Then, she sat back down… and smiled when she did. The emotions behind her human’s eyes were delightfully confused between two quite different things. But, still, he managed his thoughts admirably – and went on about the project.

“… You will, of course,” he explained, “have to work at night – so as not to disrupt… tilling or whatever else it is they do out in the fields in Spring. Also, I mooched an old ledger off the teacher in the history school. It should tell you how heavy those sacks and crates can get. If you’re going to need steel for the moving parts – or even ready-made parts – then I know a blacksmith with a knack. There’s no rush; I was told two weeks to give a reply. Also-also, I visited on my mother. A few more of the dresses you made over the Winter have found buyers, but one was – apparently – a really picky lady. Wanted a slightly modified trim on the skirts. Slightly. Mother doesn’t know anyone who laces as good as you do, though, so she packed me the dress and asked to… ask you…” He trailed off. “… Um, Yamame?”
The eldest of the earth spiders gave a smile a thousand years her junior… and kept plucking the gap in Sekibanki’s bathrobe wider.

There had been a… stitch of disappointment the first time she had done the same to him following his hospitalisation, months ago. The impression of having somehow been robbed had not, upon reflection, been Yamame’s brightest or most selfless of that time. The lesson sounded even keener, now that Sekibanki had been recovering for a while. The steady, coherent changes in his physique had been no small fascination for the aesthetician Yamame. They had also been no small opportunity for the Yamame who simply wanted to see her human naked.

This, latest examination was proving little otherwise than the previous dozen. Sekibanki was still – slowly – filling out. His ribs hadn’t been visible in weeks; his stomach was more flat than concave, and his muscles were piecemeal beginning to shape a more familiar landscape. His body hair was growing out in wide, curly patches. His skin was flush and opaque.

But, among everything that had suffered from Sekibanki’s affliction, there was one that had never been diminished. It was there, waiting as always, when Yamame parted the bathrobe all the way down.

And it was really, really happy to see her.

Sekibanki tensed all over when the spinstress wrapped her smooth fingers around his stiff, eager thing. He hissed under his breath. Yamame smiled, shifting closer – trapping both her hands and the thing inside a tight, intimate pen made up of her human’s belly and her own thighs.

“Were you really,” she cooed, not letting go, “really going to talk about your mother? While you’re like this down here? Really? Sloppy, Sekibanki. Sloppy.”

Her human grunted – but not un-happily. “… Whose fault,” he returned, “do you suppose that is?”

“Whose is it?” teased Yamame.

As she spoke, she tugged her hand down Sekibanki’s length. His thing’s head peeked out – pink and shameless. It twitched when Yamame extended a thumb and brushed it on the exposed underside. Sekibanki held his breath. Then, he released it – in a clipped, unintended sigh – when she began to rub the thumb back and forth on his sensitive spot.

“Well?” the spinstress prodded on. “Whose fault?”

“Well—” Sekibanki groaned. He tried again, softer, “Well… there is this girl. Sitting on top of me. Wearing clothes I very much like on her. How’s that for it?”

“What else do you like on her?”

Her human gave her a blatant once-over. Not at all incredibly, his eyes caught a moment on the affairs happening below his waist. Yamame, pointedly, slowed her rubbing – until her human’s gaze was dutifully returned to her own self. Sekibanki swallowed.

“… I,” he rasped, “I like her hair… when it’s down like this. And, uh... her legs. I love her legs.”

Yamame tilted her head at a playful angle. Her hair spilled out from behind her ear. “You’re like this – because of her legs?”

Sekibanki breathed in. “Gods, no,” he panted. “No, Yamame. I’m like this because she has been grinding herself on me ever since we started kissing. That’s why. The legs didn’t help, though.”

The spinstress thrilled at the words. “… Do you like it when she does that?” she asked. “When she grinds on you while you’re kissing?”

“Take,” scoffed her human, “a wild guess, you girl.”

The girl was glad she didn’t really have to guess. Nor was she allowed to, even had she wished. Sekibanki gave up the answer on his own: first, by cupping one of Yamame’s cheeks, and then – by pulling her in for another kiss.

The sense of being compelled – grabbed, drawn in and kissed by force – sent confused, aroused thrills down her back. The spinstress shut her eyes, and let her human pry her lips apart with his tongue. She let him twirl it around her own: picking it up, nudging, goading it to join in. She moaned around the warm, pliant intruder in her mouth… and accepted the invitation. At the same time, she started jerking her hand up and down Sekibanki’s stiffest part.

Neither of them said anything for the next minutes – less the immodest, muffled sounds of frantic kissing. Nor did either of them feel the need for words. Not until quiet smack-smack-smack sounds down below announced that Sekibanki’s thing was having perhaps too much fun with Yamame’s hands. Only then, and not before, did the spider spinstress slip her tongue out of her human’s mouth. Only then did she swallow their mixed spit, shivering as it went down. Only then did she look down – to study the effects of her handiwork.

The effects were a mess. Her deft, spinstress’s fingers were slimy all over. Underneath them, Sekibanki’s thing was hard, hot and more slippery than a freshly waxed floor. Yamame squeezed her hand around the shaft, then dragged it up. More glassy liquid oozed out and dripped over her fingers. The sensation was at once obscene and deliciously hypnotic.

“… Getting close?” she whispered, still mesmerised by the fruits of her own work. Out the top of her vision, she noted her human dip his head in a mute nod. “… Want to finish?” she asked him.

Needlessly. Sekibanki grunted, then gasped his reply. An obvious one. “… Yeah.”

Yamame felt a judder of excitement pinch the inside of her chest. She licked her lips. “… Mouth?” she offered.

Sekibanki sighed and shifted underneath her. “… I was kind of hoping,” he rasped, “that you could put it in… and ride me.”

A brief, dejected twinge warped Yamame’s sticky lips. She liked making him feel good with her mouth. Her human must have seen the dissatisfaction meshing behind her eyes. He stroked his palms, gently, up and down her thighs. Yamame’s rejected mouth tweaked into a small, despondent smile.

“… I just don’t want you to get off,” Sekibanki explained. “That’s all. I love this feeling. If I can choose… I want you to stay right here.”

Yamame made a sulky sound. “… I’d have to prepare myself,” she reminded. “You know?”

“I’ll help,” her human put forward.

It was a step above “I’ll wait.” But still, the spinstress had another opinion. “No,” she told him. “No, you won’t. This is your welcome home gift. I’ll get myself ready. You… You just sit back and relax. Maybe touch my legs, if you want. But don’t help me. Very good?”

Somehow, Sekibanki’s replying nod was one of impeccable seriousness. “… Very good,” he replied, very seriously.

Though, of course, he was not about to give a miss to Yamame’s one compromise. His long, rugged fingers gripped around her thighs – even as the spinstress scuffed back in his lap to give herself more space. She let go of Sekibanki’s rearing, slippery thing. Slimy, viscous threads stretched – then snapped – between its length and her palms. The thing twitched – visibly distressed over leaving the warm, snug embrace of Yamame’s hands. The spinstress spared it a sympathetic smile. Then, she moved on to slip her thumbs under the band of her panties.

But then, she thought differently. Her today’s pick of underwear – not without accident – had been satin and black. Sekibanki’s favourite colour. To remove it altogether would have done both him and her choice a disservice. Thus, instead, Yamame stuck a thumb under the front of the panties – and tugged it to the side.

The act of exposing her private parts so boldly worked a wave of heat up her cheeks – and a thrill of excitement down her spine. Though she had trimmed it this very morning, before Sekibanki’s return, the clump of blond hair above her groin managed all the same to stick out a bit from under the rearranged panties. Yamame leaned back, slipping a hand down between her spread legs.

Using her own fingers was still, relatively, a new skill to Yamame. When Sekibanki had first introduced the ancient earth spider to these things, almost a year ago now, he had given Yamame her first, eye-opening orgasm in precisely the same manner. The following nights, spent in the quiet, private guest rooms of Satori Komeiji’s mansion, had sewn together a swathe of other discoveries. Sekibanki had learned the eldest of the earth spiders loved being held down and pinned during sex; Yamame had found using her mouth before it was fun for her – and intensely satisfying for her lover. That she could feel good with her own fingers, however – rather than mounting and humping Sekibanki’s – had never quite registered in her genius mind.

At least, not until after the accident. Not until her beloved human had been hospitalised, and she – consigned to months of guilt and crushing loneliness.

At first, Yamame had weaved around her wounded emotions by focusing wholly on rebuilding her home. This, for a while, had diverted her waking thoughts from less embarrassing threads. Once, however, her new house (of two rooms and a kitchen) had been finished, outfitted and cleaned (five times over), her evenings had become long and empty. Her mind, occupied in her clock’s day hours by either Yamame’s sisters or her Oni friends in the Capital, had sorely lacked for company once those had left. The absence of Sekibanki’s smell, voice and touch had become sorer the longer she sat the nights – her face buried in the blindfold her human had left behind when he’d escaped Lady Satori’s mansion to chase after his poisonous god.

Those nights, her thoughts had wandered to things she and her beloved human had done together. The nice things. The pleasant things. And when, inevitably, her frustration, grief and loneliness had spilled over, Yamame had desperately attempted to emulate those experiences by herself. The first time had seen her go to sleep turned on and unfulfilled. The motions, which Sekibanki’s fingers had made seem easy, had been tricky to replicate from Yamame’s peculiar angle. Over the next few sessions, though, a competence of a sort had stitched together.

Soon, and Yamame had had her first success – and the first, blissful minute of release in a long, long while.

Shamefully, this had matured into something of a habit. The blindfold had held just trace enough of her human’s scent to get Yamame started; and once she’d run over the memories to thread and re-thread in her mind, the clever spinstress had found she could easily re-sew them into new, even more exciting scenarios. She had imagined tying Sekibanki up until he could no longer move – then teasing his sensitive part for hours and hours. She had imagined herself – arms bound halfway to the elbow, her knees around her head, her hips roughly pressed into the mattress of the bed by Sekibanki’s own. Once, she had even pictured Lady Satori walking in on them one of those nights in her mansion – and watching, with three critical eyes, as the spinstress slid her mouth up and down her human’s rigid thing for the first time.

And then, after each evening spent this way, she would lie there – sweaty and exhausted – feeling as if she had cheated on her lover with her own hand and thoughts.

When, however, she’d confessed this – after their reunion – Sekibanki had only scoffed at her worries... and asked to be shown. As he was being shown right now.

A stupid, self-conscious smile plastered over her face, Yamame Kurodani, the eldest of the earth spiders, pressed the index and ring fingers of one hand around her lower lips. Then, gingerly, she spread them apart.

It was, perhaps, her favourite technique: stretching herself open with those two fingers, while rubbing the middle one up and down the tiny nub a little above the warm, yielding slot that Sekibanki’s thing loved going in and out of. It was easy, trouble-free, and the pads of her longest finger bumping the nub made Yamame’s belly tighten with pleasure. It also gave Sekibanki, who was massaging her naked thighs, a full, indecent view of one of his favourite parts of her body.

For a distracted moment, Yamame felt sorry for making him promise not to assist. But the tingle from his big, coarse hands gliding along the sensitive skin of her legs made her heart thump and her knees go soft.

Yamame shut her eyes. Her spider’s mind skittered down habituated threads; and the eldest of the Underworld’s spinstresses slipped back for a bit into her self-involved routines.

As she continued to bully her small, tender nub, Yamame roped up one of those sticky, lewd memories she had made with her human since his recovery.

One stuck faster than its siblings. Yamame reeled it in, reclining on her human’s lap – thrusting her unoccupied hand behind to prop herself on his knee.

The memory was some four months old: stitched into the harshest patch of the winter she’d been invited to spend – and work – in Sekibanki’s family estate. The motion had struck her life’s web from the least likely of all vectors; for it was Sekibanki’s mother – who had scarce little cause to love Yamame – from whom it had originated. The ageing, somewhat portly woman, with silvery threads in her hair, had nonetheless a spider’s eye for everything cloth-wise. The very first the two had met, it had recognised instantly the intent and effort gone into the coat Yamame had worn at that time. A pair of skilled hands passing through her domain could never be let pass idly by such an industrious soul as Sekibanki’s remaining parent. A few tests away with other styles and fabrics, and the eldest of the earth spiders had suddenly found herself in an apprenticeship to an even older-looking, human woman.

A woman whose husband Yamame Kurodani had unwittingly taken away. A woman whose son the mother of plagues had nearly stolen as well.

A woman whose heart was big enough anyway to forgive the spider… and let the artist inside her sew out her potentials.

When Yamame had heard this, she had burst into tears, and grabbed the woman in a hug which could have put a fiery blush under her old Oni mentor’s eyes. It was, when she thought back, perhaps the only time she had seen Sekibanki’s mother not quite certain what to do.

The weeks in consequence had shown the less pretty undercoat of their compact. Oh, the work had been absorbing, and no mistake; and Yamame had learned more of ingenious new techniques in handling and processing fabrics in a fortnight than she would have in months from those books Sekibanki had collected for her as part of their arrangement. But, as her days vanished in a blur of explanations, trials and inspections of this or that previously unseen method, a problem had begun coagulating at the edges of said blur.

The problem’s name was Sekibanki.

Though he had ultimately breathed easier once Yamame had been accepted by his mother; still, his own work as well as hers meant they hadn’t overmuch time to themselves and, subsequently, for each other. This, for a long while, hadn’t been too troublesome; and yet, as any piece of clothing scuffed too long and hard, so the not-troublesomeness had soon developed a nasty hole. Sekibanki had stared it through.

A usual point in the schedule saw Yamame take a visit in the room where Sekibanki – and sometimes other clerks – kept the estate’s records and ledgers. Any material or materiel commandeered for Yamame’s lessons had, lest it cause misalignments down the line, to be adjusted in the figures at the close of each day. Yamame would come in, hand her human a list of items his mother had deemed pertinent that morning, exchange a few more or less joking comments, and leave to her ahead established tasks. Later, they would sit next to each other at dinner, which the servants, the workers and the head of the house all took together in a common dining room.

Later yet, Yamame would turn in any remaining adjustments, say her good-nights, and retire to the rooms she had been given – nearby those of her new master. Sekibanki would finalise his work – and retreat to his room, in the servants’ section of the house. That had been the stitch of things, day-to-day. Usually.

But the day Yamame now recalled hadn’t been usual at all. And as she switched her middle finger from rubbing up-and-down on her stiff button, to flicking it left-and-right, the spinstress recalled what had unravelled that regular stitch.

It had been a look.

When she was handing in that day’s list in the records room, Sekibanki gave her a look. A long, intense, yearning look from his wonderfully dark eyes – which the preoccupied Yamame had never figured out, until well after she had quit the paper-stuffed room. Almost, and her heart would have leapt out through her mouth when understanding struck her mental web.

The look had said things. Several things. Maybe just one thing, when she picked apart the threads. But she had seen that look before – too long before – had the genius spinstress, and knew the words that it contained:

I love you. I’ve missed you. Come closer.

I want you.

There was no wrapping it up; and once it had stuck, the thought wriggled in her mental web – vexing and distracting – as she went about the day’s now not-as-riveting schedule. It was no great shock, then… though it was still a light one… when, while she was running an errand for Sekibanki’s mother later that afternoon, an arm burst out of a door she had been passing by and, roughly, dragged the earth spider in.

Sekibanki slammed the door shut. Yamame had but the slightest break to note the room was empty and unused before her human slammed her against a nearby wall.

His strength. It was the real shocker of the circumstance. When Yamame had seen his devastated shape, upon their reunion, she had anticipated his strength would have been gone as well. But his arms had no apparent issue pinning her shoulders to the wall with enough force that she would need draw on her youkai’s core to resist. The twine of surprise and treacherous excitement startled her mouth wide open.

Sekibanki seized on her reactions. He tied the gap shut – mashing his lips against her own and shoving his tongue into hers. Yamame squealed, but her voice came out weak and muffled. Her human pushed in harder, roughly tasting the inside of her mouth – tipping her head an awkward, almost unnatural angle. He pressed his broad, masculine body at her smaller, female frame, flattening Yamame against the wall. One of his knees dug into her groin below her modified household servant’s robe. The spinstress squirmed inside the hold. She was trapped, distressed and in pain.

And she was more turned on that she would ever admit to herself afterwards.

Sekibanki was still cruelly sucking on her mouth when Yamame’s daze had thinned enough that she started clumsily kissing back. It did nothing to placate his brutal, greedy tongue; it didn’t even convince him to stop and refill on his breath civilly – rather than puffing through his nose like a wild beast. But it did give him something. A hint. A measure of affirmation that his rampant, hungry lust was not… not entirely, anyway… one-sided.

So emboldened, Sekibanki unlocked one of his strong, cruel hands which were pinioning Yamame’s shoulders. He slid it down the earth spider’s front, onto her heaving chest. He grabbed and crudely groped her left breast through the cloth. Then, he reached lower – under the skirt of her robe.

Yamame twisted about in his arms when he scratched his dull fingernails up the bare skin of her thigh. Sekibanki switched his feet around, releasing some of the pressure on her groin. His trespassing hand slithered up and under Yamame’s clothes – until it was resting on her soft, naked, trembling belly.

Then, without warning, Sekibanki shoved his hand down her panties.

The touch of his familiar, rugged fingers on her sensitive parts sent ecstatic jolts up her lower body. It was instantly better than her own fingers had ever been – even after evening upon evening of rigorous, slimy exercise. Without a hitch or pause, Sekibanki began to re-explore all of his favourite spots to tease – or be teased inside – between Yamame’s thighs. He slipped two delightfully thick fingers into her already slick hole. He wormed them around in her moist, plush depths – as if checking if everything was in place, and no one had been inside and made a mess in his absence. Satisfied no one had, he extracted his fingers halfway out – curled them – and pushed them back in, scraping the tips on the front wall of her vagina.

Yamame’s back arched. The spinstress moaned around her human’s ruthless tongue – but to no mercy. Sekibanki began to move his whole hand up and down inside her increasingly damp panties: fingers slipping in and out of her velvety hole, while his palm mashed against her small, delicate nub. The earth spider thrust out her hips, presenting her crotch, begging her human to torment her more. Sekibanki felt her quiver needily around his fingers… and obliged.

The earth spider now tamed and docile in his clutches, he set Yamame’s remaining shoulder loose. The second, impudent hand, now freed to do its like, closed around her right breast, and gripped. Yamame squeaked – writhing in pain, shame and rogue pleasure all at once. Sekibanki released her plump, malleable breast and refocussed his attention on the parts of her that weren’t hidden under layers of cloth.

The hand rooting inside her and toying with her tiny button never slowed – even when its sibling began to roll Yamame’s soggy panties down her thighs. Somehow, somewise, a less excited piece of Yamame muddled through, reminding her that her underwear was in thin supply where she was. Weakly, the spinstress squished her legs together – to prevent the flimsy fabric stretching too wide even for her un-spiderly wide hips. Sekibanki tugged the panties down, until they reached halfway to her knees – and left them there.

For a few heartbeats, his fingers paused their merciless ransacking of her warm, squirming insides. Sekibanki, at large, stilled – even his tongue slipping out of Yamame’s mouth – as he appeared to savour the feeling of his hand being squeezed inside her plush hole and between her chubby thighs at the same time.

But then, Sekibanki grunted – something short and impatient, which Yamame didn’t quite register. His fingers hooked viciously inside her.

And then, he began to plunge his hand, back and forth, brutishly under her crotch.

Yamame yelped from the abrupt, vicious stimulation. The yelp was killed off when Sekibanki clapped his free hand over her careless mouth. He stared into her misty, unfocused eyes – glaring a reminder that they were not, as a matter of fact, in Lady Satori’s grand, mostly uninhabited mansion – or in Yamame’s underground home, with no soul around for hours to witness sudden, impassioned screams. The rebuke in his wonderful, dark eyes made the spinstress go soft in the knees.

There was something else making her knees soft. The tips of Sekibanki’s crooked fingers weren’t as much poking the vulnerable spot on the inside or her belly as they were ramming into it without mercy or reprieve. The earth spider gasped under her human’s hand each time this happened. Her thoughts were mush. Vaguely, she became aware of her nails jabbing into Sekibanki’s wrists – pretending to resist, but not actually trying. The impression of being overpowered – pinned to a wall, brutally fingered and made to climax against her will – was degrading, wonderful, shameful and intoxicating. Yamame shuddered, moaned and struggled to suppress the orgasm building up between her legs. She wanted to keep riding his fingers. She wanted to be groped, held up and stripped. She wanted to be forced to kiss. She wanted her upper mouth gagged and her lower one wedged wide. She wanted—

Sekibanki leaned in.

“This,” he whispered in her ear, “is what happens… when you ignore me, Yamame.”

Then, her human shoved a third finger between her swollen lower lips, and tugged all three up inside her – as hard as he could.

Yamame started to come. The sound of Sekibanki’s husky voice driven into her ear and the shock of pleasure from his fingers pushed her over the edge. A star-burst of pure, white bliss exploded behind her eyes, and Yamame blinked, shuddering, spasm after delicious spasm trembling up the length of her spine. Her legs flopped; and Yamame would only later realise, when she re-threaded the scene in her mind (and with her hand down her panties), that it had been only Sekibanki’s deft reaction which had spared her lasting out the rest of her orgasm on the floor.

Her human easily trussed her up by the waist – even despite his vitiated health. His fingers had never quit her; they were still there, stuck as far in as they reached – forcing the spinstress to climax around the obstruction they made inside her. The sensation was galling. Her tender, feverish walls squeezed down on the hindrance, but were helplessly unable to push it out. Not without Sekibanki stooping to remove them himself. Which he very pointedly wasn’t doing. Another contraction clamped her down on his fingers, and Sekibanki breathed somewhere around her numb ear. He whispered something she couldn’t understand; and then, as if in response to her insistent squeezing, he began to very lightly nudge his fingers around inside her.

It was the best feeling ever. Light enough that her overstimulated walls didn’t clench and hurt; distinct enough that it added a layer of soft, arousing undercurrent to her hitching and hiking orgasm. She breathed in short, shallow gasps – her face buried in her human’s chest, and her head full of his delicious, musky scent. She wanted to keep coming like that forever.

Forever wasn’t for her. Her long, wonderful climax had but started to fade, when Sekibanki peeled the clinging, mumbling Yamame away. He propped the drunken-looking earth spider against the wall, and – miraculously – the eldest of her kind managed someway to stay upright even after he had let her go.

Coasting on her afterglow, Yamame Kurodani barely noticed it when Sekibanki’s fingers had been at last removed, and her human had knelt to slip her panties all the way down to her ankles. Then, righting up, Sekibanki stepped back… and undid the front of his own, drab gown.

Yamame felt a stab of regret at seeing her human’s diminished condition. His skin was pale from the lack of Sunlight; and the pills prescribed to him by the Moon’s exiled doctor in the Bamboo Forest clinic had caused his body hair to stop growing as his vitality was rerouted to more pressing tasks. The pills had run out a week before; but Sekibanki’s chest and stomach were still as bald as a new-born’s. Below them, a little under Sekibanki’s waist, something else as well was smooth, creamy and hairless. But, unlike his emaciated torso, this part of Sekibanki was firm, fit and full of life.

And it was rearing to go.

Yamame watched her human’s exposed, upright manhood nod up and down in the air when Sekibanki once more closed the distance between them. Her mind hadn’t quite threaded out of her post-orgasm stupor; and she stared down at her human’s hairless tool, wondering what it would feel like to take it in her mouth and slide her lips down its length. It looked like it would slide in veeery smoothly.

Which was, perhaps, why she felt a jolt of surprise when Sekibanki reached down, grabbed her left leg under the knee, and raised it to his waist. He scuffed a little closer, and pushed the head of his long, wonderfully thick thing against the lips of Yamame’s entirely other mouth.

The spinstress trembled when he began to prod apart her slimy, warm opening.

“Um—” she murmured.

Sekibanki rubbed his tip up and down between her sticky, puffed up lips. “… Mhm?”

“You—” the spinstress swallowed against her will. “You… shouldn’t, nn… Not yet…”

Her human gave her a teasing, cruel smile. He pushed in – until Yamame’s lips were wrapped snug around the head of his thing.

“You shouldn’t put… it in!” gasped their helpless owner. “I’m still—!”

“What was the word I taught you?” Sekibanki interrupted. “For that thing?”

Yamame blinked. A memory – of an evening in Lady Satori’s mansion, when her human had requested she say seemingly random words, only to then reveal what they referred to – flickered through her clouded mind.

Against all spiderly logic, the spinstress managed to flush even deeper than before. And Sekibanki saw it.

“So?” he prompted. “What is it I shouldn’t put in, Yamame?”

The spinstress licked her teeth. “Your… Your cock,” she whined. “You shouldn’t put your cock in, yet!”

“And where shouldn’t I put it?”

The earth spider winced. “… My pussy,” she mumbled. It was stupid. Such a stupid word. “It’s still… not ready, all right?”

“And from the top?”

Yamame chewed on a lip. “Please,” she moaned, “Please, don’t put your cock into my delicate, tender puss—iee?!”

Sekibanki put it in.

Yamame could only stare at him with upturned eyes and gritted teeth as he stuffed inch after inch of his long, hard cock into her hot, entirely ready and eager pussy.

The fat, mushroom-like head parted her velvety walls with slick, dominating ease. The shaft followed it in; and the way Yamame’s pussy hugged its girth all around gave the obvious lie to her claims. Sekibanki hitched up her leg and slid the last remaining inch clean inside. His wonderful cock bottomed out with not a single snag. Yamame’s scrambled, aroused mind congratulated itself on a proven theory. It really had slid in very smoothly.

But someone with Sekibanki’s bull-headedness wasn’t to be fulfilled with only one dummy run. Her human yanked his hips back for a second evaluation. Yamame’s pussy lips clung to his departing length, unwilling to let go of their prize. Sekibanki pulled fully out, his cock plopping free, revealing itself to be shiny all over from Yamame’s lewd juices.

Her human shoved its engorged head back inside her hole – then pushed in the entire rest of his manhood in one mighty thrust. It slid in even easier that time. Yamame’s pussy welcomed its invader back with a gleefully perverted squeeze. The humiliation of being forcibly mated with – and made to love every second of it – was vile, debasing, and the biggest turn-on she had ever fantasised about. Sekibanki continued to ram his thing… his cock… in and out of her privates – oblivious of the orgasms that have been wracking her body on and on ever since they’d begun. He had to hit his own peak soon; there was no way even this Sekibanki would last too long inside an earth spider’s terrific, otherworldly—

… Oh no.

A twitch clinched the muscles of her left thigh, warning. She was getting way too close.

No. Not the fantasy Yamame. That one could – and would – get however close she liked.

The one in actual. The one seated atop real Sekibanki’s lap in the lounge of her quiet, underground home. The one with her panties tugged perversely to the side. The one stroking her sensitive… parts, a touch too hard for what it should have been. The one making gross shambles of what had been a really precious memory.

That Yamame was, unfortunately, about to come.
Yamame scrunched her hand into a fist as she fought the orgasm down.

At her sides, her toes curled. A wicked cramp quaked up from her suddenly jilted privates, seizing her stomach taut. Her chest pinched. Her breathing throttled down to shallow, nasal gasps. Her shoulders jerked an errant twitch. The soft chiffon of her sleepwear chafed the stiff tips of her breasts. She squeaked.

The whole naked, bottom half of Yamame’s body ached for release. Her crotch was begging for her nimble spinstress’s fingers. Or, failing that, to use the other long, stiff tool in front of her. It was still up (thanks, in no small probability, to the show Yamame had put on) and altogether ready. It was even pre-lubed. All Yamame needed do was lift herself up, scuffle forward, tip the fantastically hard thing a little straighter, and sit back down – until her puffy lower lips were draped around the meaty root. Sekibanki would love it. He loved it when Yamame was sitting on top him. He loved it when the pudgy earth spider was trembling and moaning in pleasure in his lap. He loved it when his thick, sturdy cock was sheathed to the hilt inside her warm, quivering, lonely—

No, no, no. No! Yamame squeezed her fangs around the ball of her thumb. You’re thinking like a pervert. Stop thinking like a pervert!

The pique of it was, she was a pervert. Sex was wonderful; making her lover feel good – and feeling good doing it – satisfied Yamame on a base, almost primal level. There were no three ways about it. Once this instinct had been roused, the eldest of the earth spiders was forever stuck inside its net. But she hadn’t needed the alcohol-laced conversations with Sekibanki’s brusque (but sincere when she felt trusted) adolescent love – Akari – to know her fancies weren’t stitched out the average, human way. She hadn’t needed Sekibanki’s self-deprecating chuckle once she’d told him a few of them to know her human would accommodate her had she but asked… yet doubted his ability to deliver.

The hidden spider-web truth was, he already had. When he had yanked her into that vacant room in his family home; when he had squished her against the wall with his own, heavier body; when he had crammed his long, masculine fingers down her panties and up into her fretful little hole. When he had shoved them in and out, in and out, with sadistic relish, right until she had helplessly come around them. That was when one of Yamame’s deepest-sewn wants had been thoroughly fulfilled.

It was the latter half of her fantasy that had had to be embroidered. The real Sekibanki hadn’t a tongue half that needle-sharp. He was sensational at being big, rough and silently forceful; bullying Yamame into filthy sex talk, however, had only featured in his repertoire once. After he had done it to her the first time – back in Lady Satori’s mansion – and finished that particular round of sex with Yamame’s mouth, her human had simmered down, sighed, and apologised for having gone out of line. Yamame hadn’t had the courage to tell him she’d liked some of the words he had made her say.

Cock. That one was nice. Say it in a certain way, and it sounded as though her mouth was cock full of it. Also provoked a nice throb of reaction out of Sekibanki’s actual cock when she’d breathed it with her lips hovering above the tip. The other words she had never been that keen on, but she liked this one. She liked “cock.”

You’re a pervert, Yamame told herself. Stop it. Calm down.

Then, there was the other time. The second time her human had weaved right into her secret fixations. The day he and Yamame had moved once more into her underground house – after their wintering in his family estate.

The move had been made less than effortless by the iced-over snow deposits on the mountain trail, and Sekibanki’s still-imperfect health; and Yamame’s human had resigned to bed – Yamame’s bed – almost immediately, once their luggage (mostly of clothes and food) had been settled in. The spider spinstress had used of that window to furtively do some rather unneeded Spring cleaning around her still-new house. Then, she had happily joined Sekibanki in her – now their – shared bed. A kiss later, and Sekibanki had been awake from his restorative nap. A whispered confession, a few stray touches, and a flimsy suggestion of “catching up” – and he had been peeling her out of her ruffled dress.

The excuse had been as thin as Yamame’s threads; it had been impossible to keep their hands out of each other’s clothes after their stint in the estate’s vacant room, and they had since cast for opportunities to be alone together while Winter had slid by. A quick blowjob in the storeroom here; a session of rough fingering under the heater table there. An hour of slow, quiet, grinding sex under the blankets every few nights, when Sekibanki’s work had left him with enough fortitude to sneak into Yamame’s given rooms. “Catching up” had seemed a misnomer when they had been more intimate in the preceding months than… well, any other preceding months of their acquaintance.

But perhaps Sekibanki had meant something else only he’d had a web around; for he had spent the remainder of that night bringing Yamame to climax after climax after climax – without an expressed care for his own relief. The spinstress had counted four big ones and about six smaller ahead she’d turned silly, and rode out the rest in carefree bliss on Sekibanki’s fingers, under his tongue, and – near the end – around his mercilessly stubborn thing. Her final, wilting, dying orgasm had seen her drift off, still nude, into exhausted, dreamless sleep.

All the same, she had stirred before of her human – who would wake not much later with Yamame’s lips slipping up and down his morning erection. That was when the spider had made the bid: to give him as many blowjobs as he should like throughout the day, on account she could not do the same to him as he had done to her the previous night and give him twelve in a row. Adequately hedged, Sekibanki had OK-ed the deal in the end. He’d sat up – pushed her long, blond hair back from her face – and watched as Yamame had diligently polished his cock with her tongue until the seed he hadn’t released at night had been gushing in long, vigorous spurts up between her pouting, sucking lips.

This. This was the part of why she loved making him come with her mouth that she had never – and would never – tell to her human. Sekibanki’s seed tasted good. Not palate-wise; the cloudy, white liquid itself had actually an alkaline, bitter tinge. But to roll a sticky glob of it to the back of her tongue, to let it dribble into her gullet before viciously forcing it down… That gave Yamame a powerful, belly-deep tremor of satisfaction. As if she were doing something meant to be – but taboo; at once necessary and forbidden. Something odious and delightful.

Something youkai-like.

You’re worse than a pervert, Yamame chided herself now. You’re an insatiable pervert. Fine! Fantasise! But at least don’t touch yourself.

It had been the second blowjob of the day that had seamed this particular memory. After breakfast, after they had showered together in the cabin which Yamame had recreated – with improvements – from the last, destroyed one, her beloved human had commandeered the next hour toward rearranging the kitchenware and stocks to his own propensity. The spinstress had seized the same – and dedicated it to cataloguing the scraps and half-spun projects she had deserted at the Winter’s onset.

Attention had done as attention did – wandered; and Yamame hadn’t even been aware that Sekibanki had returned to their bedroom – not until a big, affectionate hand had snaked around and clasped her shoulder. Surprised – but not displeased – the spinstress had muttered something about approaching an earth spider from behind. That lesson delivered, she’d purred – tilted her head – and rubbed her cheek on the hand’s warm, craggy top.

Sekibanki had permitted her a moment or two of such fun before he’d wormed his hand around and grasped Yamame by the chin.

Then, he’d wrenched her head around to face him.

Her eyes had met with the front of her human’s trousers. Sekibanki’s other hand had jerked free the belt holding them at his waist; and the cloth had fallen away to unveil a full, towering, unabashed erection. Her human’s thumb and index finger had jabbed into Yamame’s cheeks on both sides, pinching the nervous grin her mouth had begun to shape at the sight and popping her lips open to a narrow O.

Sekibanki had gripped his manhood and pressed its chubby head against that opening. He’d met her exasperated, upturned gaze, even as his rigid thing had prised her lips wide and begun to fill her mouth. She’d mounted a token fight: pushed her tongue out and clamped her lips around his veiny girth; but… thankfully… neither had stopped his cock from plunging in all the way back to Yamame’s throat. It’d paused there, its tip gently held tight between her soft tonsils.

But then, Sekibanki had braced… and Yamame had felt a judder of aroused panic as the head of his cock had squeezed past the tonsils and thrust into the snug, wet passage of her gullet. Her nose, stuffed roughly into his crotch, had flooded with the scent of her human’s raw, after-shower skin. Her throat had clenched in a vestigial gag reflex, which had done little except made Sekibanki grunt somewhere above. Her head had begun to swim. His smell had been mouthwatering.

A few heartbeats had beat past, the final of which had seen Sekibanki grab a hold of Yamame’s ponytail and use it to yank her head off of his cock with a gurgling noise. The spade-shaped head had scooped the drool out of her salivating mouth: some of it dribbling down her chin and spattering on her skirt. The brutal thing had burst free, covered in a sheen of viscous spit. Sekibanki had stared at the panting, glaze-eyed spider pushing her face into his manhood, as if to settle whether he had touched a sticky thread by daring to stress Yamame’s limits. He hadn’t asked this out loud because he’d been, after all, himself as well as out of breath. Besides, his hazy, hopeful expression had said everything anyway.

Yamame hadn’t replied. Not vocally; instead, she’d stuck out her tongue, and dragged it obscenely up the underside of his spittle-sheened cock. Her hands had sought out his; and she’d dragged those up to her head – pinning them there until the message had stuck and they had gathered a hold of her long, silky hair. Then, the earth spider had hinged her jaw as wide as she could to present the moist, dark red ring of her throat.

A handful of minutes later – messy, noisy, slurping minutes – Sekibanki had finally struck his own limit. The first spurt of his delicious seed had shot down Yamame’s gullet, straight into her stomach. With a not-so-mighty groan, her human had jerked his hips back, pulling his throbbing manhood free. He’d instead shoved it up Yamame’s face – smearing it all over with the warm semen still gushing out of the tip. Mired in his orgasm, Sekibanki had fluttered in indecision, and suddenly pushed his cock back into Yamame’s mouth.

There, he’d spent his last shot, and slowly gone limp – nursed all the while by Yamame’s loving tongue.

At the hangover end of the next minute, both their heads had aired out enough that they had noticed the embarrassing aftermath. Sekibanki had stepped out of his discarded trousers, mumbling something about towels – and had quit the room apace with his worn-out manhood dangling about.

Yamame had leaned back in her chair, and sighed. Not quite satisfied; but her satisfaction hadn’t been part of that day’s design. She’d tucked a thumb under the band of her panties, peeking inside. A gooey, sticky mess had been her find. She’d definitely had to change those.

But still, that had been only the second time she had made Sekibanki explode in her mouth that day. Come nightfall (on the clock’s arms, anyway), she would have done him all of seven. And each following would see the eldest of the earth spiders work her mouth longer and harder for the promised result.

But those, perhaps, were memories for another spin.

Sekibanki’s voice was calling her back to the present.
 “… Yamame?”

Yamame jolted aware.

Sekibanki swirled into focus in front of her. The five days of scrub on his chin was capped by an amused half-smile. His eyes – dark, edged with fatigue, of an unimportant shade – were trained on her own alone. His broad, shaggy chest was gently swelling up and down inside his loosened bathrobe. His hands, which hadn’t moved since Yamame had ceased teasing her little nub, were rested comfortably on her bare thighs. Yamame’s tangled, flustered mind clung to his details.

He was so handsome. It was the eldest earth spider’s undisclosed shame, even now, that she had never realised this until… well, until she’d had it kissed into her head. A younger spider, with whom Sekibanki had someway allied – Hachiashi – had branded the human dull, overgrown and clumsy. Compared to earth spiders, perhaps; but Hachiashi had matured in different environs to Yamame’s Oni-ruled underground Capital. Sekibanki was of cloth similar to an Oni, but tighter-twined – compressed, less red, and infinitely more gentle than the exiled horned giants of the Underworld. A miraculous pleat of features which spoke as well to Yamame’s visual usances, as to her more inward needs.

And then, Hachiashi had never had the opportunity to see the human out of his clothes, which was when he was at his most attractive. At least, Yamame assumed she hadn’t.

Stupid thoughts, the eldest spinstress told herself. Would you seriously flaunt him nude in front of your sister – just to hear her admit the mistake? The answer shadowing the idea in her thoughts might have embarrassed Yamame herself – never mind Hachiashi and Sekibanki.

“Ya. Ma. Me.”

A sing-song vocalisation of her name jarred her back into focus. Sekibanki was smiling at her distracted antics. You’ve ruined me, Yamame willed out at him. You were so long gone from my home, I am still fantasising about you out of sheer habit even after you’ve returned.

She pawed the hair from her face with the cleaner hand. “… What is it?” she mumbled.

Sekibanki’s smile turned a little warmer, now that he’d been noticed. “All done, then?” he wanted to know.

The earth spider combed her thoughts for a relevant reply. None combed out. “… Um?”

“You were coming, weren’t you?”

Oh, Yamame thought. “… Oh,” she said. “Oh! No. I… I got carried away. Was... trying to calm down.” Imagining you going down my throat. Was she that dense of a pervert? “I… kind of couldn’t,” she admitted, cheeks growing hot. “But no. I didn’t come.”

Her human frowned his smile away. “… Why?”

“We—” Yamame swallowed. “… We haven’t put it in, yet. Have we?” A brief check – but they hadn’t. Sekibanki’s neglected thing was standing out of his crotch, woefully away from hers – and, somehow, still bolt upright. Still plastered with cloudy lube. Still ready to go. I’m sorry, Yamame thought at it. Give us one more moment. I need to make an idiot of myself. “… We haven’t,” she resumed out loud. “We haven’t – and this was supposed to be for you. So, I thought… I thought I shouldn’t go ahead and come, by myself, before you’ve even had the chance to put it in like you wanted to, but… I couldn’t quit remembering how good it feels to have sex with you, and I went way overboard, and—”

“Yamame.” Sekibanki stopped off the purl of words with a finger across the spider’s lips. The upper ones. “… Maybe you haven’t realised,” said her beloved human. “I like watching you come. It’s great fun.”

“… Is it?” the spinstress mumbled around the finger.

“Yes,” Sekibanki confirmed. “I love it. You make the cutest faces when you come. Can’t stop myself kissing them.”

Which was something he liked to do. There was no lie to refute here. “… Mm.”

“And, unlike me,” continued her human, “you can leap back into it in a few shakes. I’d have needed a… How many shakes about is twenty minutes?”

Yamame gave him a diffident smile. “Too many.”

“Too right. So, Yamame, next time… don’t go dry on my account. I love you. I want you to do whatever you want to do. Maybe I bull you into things sometimes, but… well. We know. Yes?”

That I’m an irremediable pervert? she wondered. “… Mhm,” she agreed. “Yes. We know.”

“Damn us that we do,” grunted Sekibanki. “But, I guess that makes this all right.”

And then, he seized her by the ample buttocks – and lugged her forward in his lap. The pervert inside Yamame thrilled at the treatment: the pressure of his fingers digging into the meat of her butt; the feeling of her thighs scraping on his coarse skin. The sensation of his stiff manhood resting against her belly.

Yamame peered down. A familiar sense of awe surfaced over her less awesome excitement. When placed like this, the head of Sekibanki’s brutish thing thrust up just a little under Yamame’s bellybutton. It looked at the very least improbable that it could fit inside her precluding a lot of awkward, likely painful shoving. But, that part of her fantasy hadn’t been exaggerated. His long, burly thing could slide right up her slick, plush tunnel until there was no more of it to go in, and it would do so with smooth, uncontested liberty. Almost as though Yamame’s privates had been tailor-made to hold it inside.

Which, in a way, they were. That’s how sex worked, wasn’t it?

Sekibanki parted her hair with his nose and kissed her ear. “That said,” he breathed, his lovely voice strained, “I would really, really like to put it in, now. Can we? I’m going slightly wild downstairs.”

Yamame thrilled all over. A string of confidence twisted back into her mind’s laboured threads at his tone. Suddenly, she felt like teasing.

So, she did. “So-o…” she whispered back. “You want to put what, where?”

Her beloved human’s reply was as desperately amused as it was just desperate. “I… thought I’d apologised for that prank?”

“Well, you did,” granted Yamame. “Twice. But I’ve still had to go through the experience. You haven’t. It’s only fair, isn’t it?”

“… The experience?”

“Talking,” explained Yamame, “about our… parts. Your cock. My… My pussy.” So stupid. “Have you any idea how embarrassed I was? Well. It’s your turn. Be embarrassed.”

“That’s what this is about?” Sekibanki questioned.

“Yes. That’s what it is.”

Sekibanki paused. Then, however, he vented his restlessness into a sigh which told the spinstress her human had picked out more from her irrational demands, perhaps, than she had intended. His mouth pressed against her fever-hot earlobe. And then, in a low, husky murmur, he indulged Yamame’s dirty request.

“... I want your wet pussy on my dick, Yamame,” he confessed. “I want to feel you squirm around me when I push it all the way in. I want to lie back and watch you bounce your hips up and down like you do your mouth when you blow me. I want to keep sticking my dick in your pussy until we both come. Satisfied? You weird, amazing woman?”

She wasn’t. The knit of words hadn’t been the best; and Sekibanki’s own term for his thing didn’t sound nearly as salacious. But, she felt that, with time – and another excuse – she could work out this particular kink. In more meanings than one. Sekibanki was still redder than an Oni when she extricated him from her hair and pushed away. That was to the good. He’d got embarrassed.

But, unlike her human at times, Yamame Kurodani wasn’t a sadist. She didn’t stall anymore what they both explicitly wanted. The eldest of the Underworld’s spinstresses tucked her legs around Sekibanki’s hips, and lifted herself on her knees. She reached down between her thighs to grasp the slimy tip of his thing between two practiced fingers, and aligned it with the slot between her even stickier lower lips. She let her hips sink – until the lips parted and her pussy was wrapped around the entire, slippery head of Sekibanki’s cock.

Another sigh wheezed out of her beloved human’s throat. Impatient, relieved and thankful, somehow all at once. Yamame smiled like an Oni in their cups at the reaction. Then, coquettishly, she leaned back, propping herself on one of Sekibanki’s knees – both to give her lover an unobstructed view of what was happening below, and so the tip of his cock would scrape the vulnerable front wall of her vagina as it slid in.

Sekibanki’s fingers dug covetously into her buttocks. The Oni smile on Yamame’s face just got another drink.

“… You can push me down,” she offered.

Sekibanki gave a weak nod. His hands pulled up from her butt, and snaked around her hips. Whatever prudence had kept him from sticking his disregarded thing into her while she’d been engrossed in her fantasies, it was willed out now – and Sekibanki curtly pushed Yamame’s hips down his neglected erection.

Yamame squeaked – writhing all around him – when the tip of his hard thing slammed into the spot in her inner wall that made her go crazy, then passed on. As it always did when excited, Yamame’s pussy slipped around her lover’s thing with hungry eagerness. Soon, and the long, rugged cock was encased to the root in her warm, quivering walls. The spider spinstress couldn’t quite sense the stripped, chubby head prodding her bellybutton from below; but she very much felt her puffy lower lips gently sucking and coddling the meaty base.

Sekibanki laid back his head and moaned; and Yamame, the happiest spider in the Underworld, wiggled her hips around so that his cock settled even more comfortably in its favourite place. A less romantic aspect of her lamented she hadn’t come from the penetration; that one nudge at her sensitive spot was a hundred too few – but Yamame smothered it down.

Karma must have worked; for then, Yamame herself was smothered when Sekibanki pulled her close and stuffed his silly face into her chest. The stubble around his mouth pricked the skin of her breasts through the fabric of her chemise. Without waiting the request, Yamame tugged open the buttons which held the halves of the gauzy sleepwear together. Unrestricted, her breasts spilled out, their plump nipples standing firm on the ends.

A twinge of an old shame spoiled the moment in Yamame’s mind.

Her body, which hadn’t been at all outstanding among the Oni, had always been a source of chagrin when she was amid her own. Other earth spiders were sleek, compact, with assets no bigger than what wouldn’t get in the way. Only Yamame was round, soft and plentiful – like a tubby matron among lithe juveniles. Her sisters had joked of envying their elder’s feminine charms, but Yamame had known these jokes for what they were – jokes. No spider worth its thread wanted to be fat. The one saving stitch of it was that, somehow, for some reason, Sekibanki found the curves of Yamame’s figure wonderfully irresistible to touch. It had, like as not, been this very stitch which had sparked what had become their current relationship.

A relationship where her human was fearless in grabbing at one of her plump, slightly droopy breasts, and roughly pinching its nipple.

Yamame squeaked; and, in response, she drew her hips back in his lap – then swayed them back forward. Sekibanki’s thing trembled as it was pulled out, then stuffed back inside her velvety hole. Her lover himself clutched at her other breast – lifting it up, taking the plump, pink nipple into his mouth, and lapping his tongue in a teasing circle around the tip. The spinstress was helpless to do anything – except rub her pussy up and down his cock in revenge.

But, even distracted by the sex – which had started before she’d realised – the spinstress inside Yamame was dimly aware of a looming snag. That, at this point in their intimate play, neither of them had overmuch endurance to rely on before a more or less moderate break was compulsory. Yamame had nearly come while fantasising of past orgasms; Sekibanki had all but exploded in her hands even earlier. And while, any other evening, she would have been plenty happy to let him come while molesting his favourite pair of (they really were a bit saggy) breasts, this one…

… This one, she really had to mistrust his ability to go for another shot.

The Hell of it was, she had a pair of fresh ideas in her genius mind on how to dress up their sex a bit ahead she inevitably had to let Sekibanki go and sleep off the five days he had been at work. The Chirei-den of this Hell was, however hard she tugged at her imagination, no way to seam the two was shaking out.

Which was why, at the end of the minute, Yamame quit grinding her hips into her human’s, determined herself even more selfish than the evening had proven by now.

Not that much so as to proceed with her scheme right away; she would, generously, give Sekibanki a few more well-lubed strokes. She would tow her waist back – extracting his long tool to the point where her lips were smooching the tip; then, she would push onto him again – causing the shaft to disappear inside her plush hole. Sekibanki’s cock would give a contented throb each time it bottomed out and felt her tender lips squeeze lovingly around its root. A few more trips up and down between her sticky walls, and the crude thing would start squirting its delicious seed into Yamame’s deepest place. The place where it was meant to go. The place that was – but wasn’t – her stomach. Where babies were conceived. Her womb.

But Yamame was not about to let that happen. Not yet.

And so, at the apex of the next stroke, she missed the proper stop, and let Sekibanki’s cock spring out of her smooth, drooling pussy. Her human hissed a breathless curse into her breasts, scrambling to shove his twitching manhood back where it belonged. The spinstress weaved, spider-slick, out the way of his clawing hands, skidding off the side of his lap to land on the couch beside him.

Ahead Sekibanki might swear twice, the eldest, most dignified of the Underworld’s earth spiders shinnied up the couch on her elbows and knees, her butt stuck out high in the air. Her copious breasts hung below her, stretching to an almost reverse-teardrop shape, which left her nipples to brush on the wraps strewn about the daybed. She grasped for the pillow propped on the far armrest.

A prowling hand raced out beside her. It grabbed at one of her arms and jerked it back.

Unsupported, the top half of Yamame flumped down onto the pads of the couch: face, breasts and all. When she dug her nose out and cast back over a shoulder, Sekibanki was there, kneeling at her exposed rear: red, puffing, and dragging her slimy panties down her thighs.

Yamame’s fangs gnashed together. A flurry of base, animal excitement stiffened her back into a bow. Sekibanki gripped one of the fat, hand-filling buttocks the spinstress had put on full display, and tweaked it to the side. His other hand took hold of his stiff tool – and brought it up to Yamame’s half-spread pussy. He slapped the head on her pulsing outer lips a few times – each causing her pussy to fidget in response. Then, having placed himself square in the middle, he slammed his whole cock inside her in a single, brutal lunge.

Yamame yelped between her gritted teeth. On purpose or no, the high angle at which Sekibanki had stuffed his hard tool into her pussy had rammed its tip right into her special spot. His long cock plunged in as far as it reached, tensing in delight at her returned embrace. But then, even once his hips had been smushed into her cushiony butt, Sekibanki did not pull out. Nor shown any intent to for a long, long moment.

For a web-stressing heartbeat, Yamame feared he might have peaked from the abrupt assault on her rear. That she had missed out altogether on participating in his precious, only orgasm. Yet, when the spinstress had starched her resolve and glanced behind, her lover wasn’t turned out in the slack-jawed look which Yamame had come to know intimately across the previous months. No. Sekibanki was braced by her rear, ruddy from arousal, panting from the same – but still very good in control. His eyes, indeed, matched hers; and in them, Yamame saw her own naughty face reflected back. Sekibanki scoffed, grinned… and raised one of his hands high.

Then, he brought it down, sharply, on Yamame’s right buttock.

A dry smack cracked the air of the room. The great architect of the Underworld, eldest of her kin, Yamame Kurodani, let go of a surprised, high-pitched yip. It clipped off to become a vulgar moan when Sekibanki smacked the other half of her rump. Her spine pulled taut in a spontaneous arch, ruining her posture, causing her to trip again face-first into the pads of the couch. Sekibanki paddled her a third time, and Yamame’s pussy clenched: hugging and kissing its thick, male stuffing all over its immodest length. Her butt hadn’t quit jiggling when her human, at last, pulled himself all but fully out. He spanked her one more time with a powerful swipe – the issuing noise so loud Yamame’s ears rang in its wake.

And then, barely as she’d begun to seize, he drove his cock back into her pressing, squirming hole.

It didn’t enjoy her slippery choke-hold long; for no sooner had Yamame’s abused pussy started to calm down, than Sekibanki climbed the earth spider’s chemise-covered back, and began to poke his stiff tool in and out, in and out, in short, shallow thrusts… All of which were aimed, without pity, at that vulnerable spot on her pussy’s front wall.

Mounted like a Tengu female in rut, her butt smarting, her precious spot prodded again and again, Yamame Kurodani, the mother of plagues, could do little but moan ineffectually into the pillows of her couch. Her human growled close to her ear. His voice was so low, so bestial, almost Yamame wondered back to her Oni simile. A startled flutter popped the thought out of her head when Sekibanki reached underneath her and cupped one of her dangling breasts. His fingers sank into the soft, pliable flesh as it slumped against the inside of his hand. The sensation must have torn his focus; his next thrust saw his cock slip all the way to the base into Yamame’s obliging pussy. Sekibanki grunted, cursed, pulled out, and then resumed his last angle of attack.

He released her breast – that momentary passion spent – and snaked his venturesome fingers down the earth spider’s chubby front. They caught, with brief interest, on her sunken bellybutton; they stroked along her (it wasn’t that fat, was it?) belly: describing an affectionate circle above the deepest part of her vagina, where he had been moments before. But, their grand destination was unambiguous; and Yamame didn’t at all surprise when the fingers grazed, past the damp patch of hair, down to her crotch. They hadn’t as much as to feel around for her sensitive nub. It stood, hard and proud, no more than half an inch from the place Sekibanki’s cock was pumping in and out of.

The kinkiest two of the fingers slid down either side of her little button. Sekibanki’s hips ceased slapping rhythmically against her butt, and the earth spider released a dissatisfied whine. But no, her human hadn’t forgotten out of nowhere how to make her moan in altogether different ways. What he did do, instead, was stoop over Yamame’s bowed back, and blow an angry whisper into her throbbing ear.

“Come already, you damned pervert!”

All but, and Yamame would have complained that she was, and had been, about to do that very thing. That her poor pussy had needed but a handful more thrusts to push it into a climax ahead he’d stopped. That she would kiss him and pamper him all day if he would only, please, make her come right now. Only then, Sekibanki’s cruel fingers began to flick, violently, left and right over her stiff nub – and stole her voice together with her mind.

In the same heartbeat, he speared her pussy with his savage, merciless cock. Yamame cried out as her most sensitive parts were brutally stimulated from both inside and out. She hauled close a nearby pillow, and pressed her face into it to drown out her shameful, ecstatic cries.

In no time at all, she climbed back up and tumbled over the edge of her orgasm.

Sekibanki sensed her vise around him. He grabbed at her ample buttocks, steadying himself – then plunged his overstrained cock as deep as it could fit once… twice… three excruciating times. Then, he groaned – buried himself to the hilt – and began to spurt his warm seed all over the spider’s twitching vagina. Arms and legs gave out below her; and Yamame, gasping, crumpled onto the wrap-strewn pads of her couch, Sekibanki collapsing on top.

Squished underneath his virile weight, his heated breath torturing her ear, Yamame enjoyed her first, long, wonderful orgasm in almost six days.

Afterwards, as they lay in a bodily heap, Yamame would feel vaguely unfulfilled. Oh, the finish had been great, that it had; and there were few perversions which the eldest of the earth spiders had taken to more satisfying than coming – and being come inside – while held down. The mathematics of it, however, had left her imbalanced. The five days of not seeing nor touching her lover felt hardly fair an equation to one (fantastic though it had been) bout of sex.

How had she ever held out six months?

Yamame Kurodani, purring, swelled up beneath her human. Sekibanki sensed the motion. He levered himself up to a half-rise on his arms. An effect of this disturbance, his limp, spent manhood flopped out to rest between the earth spider’s thighs. A trickle of warm, milky seed followed its example. It leaked out, clinging to Yamame’s loose lower lips.

This used to be such a fear, Yamame marvelled. Once they’d first had sex, after two whole days of tiptoeing, Sekibanki had spun a barring web around what he’d uninventively termed “finishing inside.” That web had lasted no longer than their second night of exploring which bits of their bodies could fit into other bits to feel really good. Though, he would re-thread that same promise at the end of each such “finish;” still, the allure of letting Yamame take the fruit of his orgasms had simply been too… well, alluring to properly resist, even then.

But, once the godling accident had happened… once Yamame had reunited with her human lacking for a baby-filled belly… That fear, too, had been dissolved like bare foundations in the rain. These days, the returns of Yamame’s work on her human belonged to one of three places. Yamame’s mouth, Yamame’s womb, or – on those clumsier occasions – her face. None of that, “I’ll pull out and come on your legs” business. Her legs had better things to do. Locking about his waist, for one.

A part of Yamame, in truth, envied Lady Satori and her plain enjoyment of motherhood. That part of her was silly. It was ignorant of the reality that Satori Komeiji was rarely – perhaps uniquely – equipped to tending other, more dependent lives. Were her pets not a sharp enough mark? Was not her sister? Might this have been why Lady Satori had been able to get with child in the first place? A conviction powerful enough to budge the edges of her youkai’s core – to include this aspect of existence… That, and cunning enough to seduce her partner into try after try after try for, in her words, “an entire Winter.”

Could Yamame do the same?

No, she heard a voice whispering inside. Not yet. Not as fresh at this as you are right now.

The answer was nothing else; and, when she thought it over with care, neither did she wish otherwise. The eldest of the earth spiders simply wasn’t threaded for nurture. All her life, even before Sekibanki, her pursuits had been those for her own sake. The same curse of selfishness which plagued the denizens of the Underworld had not been spared the mother of plagues herself. Old Hell was by purpose such a place: a haven for those weary of obligation, of responsibility. The misfit and the outcast. The free souls.

Was it freedom? After a fashion. But no one had said it was pretty.

More pertinent to Yamame, she had no wish to deny Sekibanki the obvious pleasure of trying to get her pregnant. Were those attempts to actually succeed, they would by need soon have to stop. Neither of them was ready to give up on the frequent, carefree sex. Or, at least, Yamame wasn’t.

A self-satisfied smile bloomed out onto her face as the logic seamed tight in her spider’s mind. Yes. This made sense. No need to feel guilty over what she was. What she couldn’t give. What she withheld from those who had given her both love and passions. Not for a while still. Not for a few years more. Maybe then…

But not now.

Now, Yamame Kurodani wormed onto her back under her exhausted lover. Sekibanki was a study in dishevelment. The spinstress giggled, feeling warm and happy simply from seeing how handsome her chosen partner was. Sekibanki gave her a mild frown. Then, ahead any dry comment might tuck his wits, he wobbled backwards onto his seat when Yamame pushed out at him with a despotic hand.

Her human watched, faintly resigned, as she crawled between his naked legs.

He didn’t object – not even when Yamame stuffed her face in his groin and took his shrunken manhood into her mouth. A low groan did grind out of his chest when the spinstress twirled her tongue all around the flabby thing in order to swipe clean the traces of semen which still clung to its diminished length. She wrapped her lips around the bottom – then sucked all the way up to the withered head. She peeled it out of its skin sheath and licked around its ridge. There was no reaction. Sekibanki’s manhood was spotless… but wasn’t getting any bigger.

Wiping drool from her mouth, Yamame sat up on her haunches. Her human eyed her helplessly. Her lush, sweat-sheened breasts were arrayed before him – never mind the soft, inviting place between her thighs, which yearned for nothing more than to be stuffed full of him again. Still, Sekibanki could merely oblige the idea inside his head. The necessary tool lay limp and uncooperative in his lap.

“… Sorry,” the human told the pouting spider. “That… drained probably everything I had left in me.”

Yamame puffed up her cheeks. “… Is that so?”

“That it is,” explained Sekibanki, “when I’ve to arbitrate with my mother, skip town, trudge up the mountain, descend the tunnels half-blind, and then sate one ravenous earth spider all in the wings of one evening. I’ve limits, Yamame.”

“Surely didn’t look to be the case ten minutes ago.”

“To be blunt,” sighed her human, “I likely held on as long I did because I’m tuckered out. Couldn’t feel half of it over my lungs trying to evacuate.”

Yamame gave him a thin smile. “We should get you tuckered out more often.”

Sekibanki faked a wince. “Oof.”

That lance of venom delivered, her face full of grin, Yamame silently fanned out her arms. Her human looped her unspoken request a moment later; he took the demanding earth spider by the hands, then drew her up onto his lap. No simpler than that, they were back again in their original arrangement. An abiding stitch, as Sekibanki had remarked once, in the weave of their intimate moments. Her beloved human gave up her hands, embracing her instead: pressing their naked bodies close together. Yamame sighed her happiness into a dimple in his shoulder, which seemed to have been fashioned for expressly this purpose. It was the perfect height.

“… Yamame?” his chest rumbled in front of her. It made her breasts tickle.

“Mhm?” she asked him.

“If you’d like,” Sekibanki murmured, quieter, “I could… do you with my fingers. Want me?”

The spinstress allowed the suggestion to wrap her thoughts. Someway, the image of him pushing his long fingers into her while his seed was still inside did not immediately make her moan her consent. Not because the image was nasty; it was, actually, somewhat rather absolutely the hottest thing she had imagined all evening. But, she pushed it away. Not too far. Just a few hours to the side.

“… No,” she replied. “Thanks, but no. It isn’t near as good if you aren’t having fun, too. You know?”

Sekibanki didn’t cover up his relief. “… Very good,” he wheezed. “Then, Yamame – if you won’t mind terribly—”

“I won’t,” she told him. Not too terribly, anyway. “I’ll let you rest. The bed is made; you can go and sleep it off. I’ll… um, tidy myself up and take a swing at that dress. Where is it?”

“My pack. There’s drawings bundled with. It’s a… rare design.”

Yamame nodded, mouth warping. “… All right. I’ll get my needles and hunker down here. Wouldn’t want to wake you up with my swearing.”

“I’ve… never heard you swear, Yamame.” Sekibanki sounded amused.

The spinstress jabbed a finger into his flank. “Nor will you,” she told him. “That’s why I’m going to work here, and not the bedroom.”

A patch of silence sewed in between them. Sekibanki whiled it away petting the spider’s back under her chemise. Yamame purred.

At the end, however, it was she who undid the quiet moment.

“… Mm. Sekibanki?”

“Yes?”

“… We’re going to have sex all day tomorrow. OK?”

Her human spat a clipped chuckle. “You’ll kill me, Yamame.”

“Well, it’s not going to be all-all day,” protested Yamame. “Ashi wanted to come by in the morning to talk about something. I’ll shunt her, then we can start. I haven’t had you for five days. What happened to catching up? Remember that? I’ll give you breaks, no worries. I just want to… I really want to feel good with you. That’s all.”

You’re incorrigible, a sensible voice in Yamame’s head accused her. You’re an incurable, greedy, shameless pervert of a spider.

All the luckier she, that Sekibanki was no prude himself.

“… Very good, Yamame,” he grunted. “Very good. A condition, though.”

“Yes? What is it?”

“Wake me up with a blowjob.”

The spinstress wrestled down her perverted grin. “All right,” she gave. “Very good, Sekibanki. Anything else?”

“I…” Sekibanki hesitated. “… With you on top. No bra, and your dress pulled down.”

“Great. And then?”

“Between your breasts.”

“OK.”

“And… I want to watch you lick them clean.”

“Deal.”

“… Yeah,” Sekibanki returned, his voice somehow doused. “… Deal.”

A wonderful look of bewilderment adorned his shaggy face when Yamame rose up to seal the compact with a kiss. The look of a builder who had set the door into its frame only to hear it snap when shut.

Had it merely popped into its designed slot? Or would it fly like a spider out of Old Hell next time it was pulled too hard?

And yet, if Sekibanki had meant these mildly demeaning conditions to discourage the proud eldest of the earth spiders, he had a very different thread incoming. There were few things the spinstress wouldn’t do to satisfy her study of this, newest, of her passions. But, there were even fewer she wouldn’t do to satisfy him.


In this, Kurodani Yamame had no qualms.

 With her straddling him, and his body now nearly laid out back midair, Gen slipped the first joint of his finger inside Ibuki Suika.

“MyahaAHhn!”

Suika’s mouth left his, and she clawed deeper into his clothing, enough that he started to worry the little oni would soon reach his flesh. Because of that, and his concern that he might reach something inside the young(-seeming) woman that he did not want to use a finger to pierce, his plunging remained shallow.

... In spite of his lust’s best efforts to push much, much further.

Suika’s mouth was held open, her tongue lolling somewhat as he rubbed her. Her drool fell on his body and face slovenly. To keep his sense, he held her hand tighter. This was necessary, as he’d already begun to stiffen enough that his mind was becoming clouded.

Hiding themselves in water had proved to be a very good idea, for more than simple concealment. Suika’s body was gleaming; the lights he’d cast were illuminating her skin with a shine that, through appearance alone, was forcing him near to a finish. The lines of her abdomen, the hills of her ribcage, and that face flush and lost to pleasure, eyes distant—not thinking, he squeezed her mound.

“Khah! Hah!” she panted. He felt the blood in his face.

He looked down then past her glistening navel to his hand, and to her swollen clit. He bit, and ground his teeth together.

“Gen...” Suika spoke to him, getting his attention. Her voice was high, and she sounded a full measure more intoxicated than usual. She requested, pleading, “put it in...”

His thoughts succumbed to turbulence, alarm bells going off in his head. As a magician, he had to often be of clear mind and solid reason, but that plea was enough to push his manhood too far. The gentleman seemed genuinely close to bursting out through the belt and zipper. Reason, reason...

“No...” he growled, pulling his hand back.

“Put it in... put id...” she mumbled. Her saliva dropped onto his bottom lip. He closed his mouth, swallowed it, and shivered from the taste.

“S... Miss Suika...” he whispered harshly, breathing out. He stopped for a moment, parting her lower lips with his fingers. The scent and heat compelled his hand toward the front of his pants. No... he thought, halting the movement and shaking his head, I want to... marry her first. I don’t want to... do anything irresponsible, and I... still... have... to...

He brought his hand under her thigh, lifted it, and pulled her labia open with his thumb. Suika grunted, aching, and she brought her right hand down to start fingering herself.

“Jesus...” he swore, glaring. This was only their second nightly encounter. If things kept up like this, holding back every time, he could ironically turn into an ascetic.

He lifted himself up and kissed her, an act that turned out to be rather sloppy, with her tongue void of technique and her drooling plentiful. Still, the act seemed to draw in her senses somewhat and briefly, enough that when he noticed a twitch in her brow and addressed her, he was able to keep her attention.

“Miss Suika,” he said, gulping her spit and keeping eye contact, “let me...” he continued, taking her arm away from its lonesome act and lifting it toward his face. “Leave it to me,” he requested, “I’ll make you cum enough that you shouldn’t need... that.” He put her hand in his mouth and licked it eagerly, but solemnly. And, through her twisting brow and sharp drawing of breath, he knew that her heart had just tightened.

While drinking off her digits, he looked up to the water orb’s current and flow. He relinquished her hand for a moment to tell her, “This is a bit awkward, let’s head to shore.” He proceeded to kiss and suck at her hand again, then let go of her wrist to tap at a book on his belt. He put his nail to where he was certain there was a glyph, and scraped at it to tear the paper. His Master would not like that, but it would be an easy fix. The water crashed down over them, soaking them both but sparing the warded books. As he flew backward to the mountain (meanwhile moving his tongue from her hand, to her wrist, up her arm, and onto her breast), he broke the seal of the spell of starlight too, and they flickered out one by one as the couple passed. He undid his belt and zipper, pulling his hardened mast out. While he went greedily at Suika’s chest, the oni’s ears perked up, she sniffed the air a moment before breathing in, and she reached down to grab the released member.

A jolt ran through him, they crashed down onto grass, and he stopped sucking at her nipple. Suika had pressed the underside of his cock to her vagina, and was now stroking it with both that and her hand. Gen put his hand firmly down on her shoulder, attempting to move her to no avail. Her hips ground forward, he coughed and shook. The slimy texture, mixed with the pebble press of her clitoris, was legitimately driving him mad. Strokes and strokes of white-out pleasure were assaulting his poor little man, his own hips forcing up whether he wanted them to or not. He was unable to think straight, beyond knowing that he could not impregnate her—not yet. He had far, far too long to go for such a thing, despite his wants and intentions. If he ejaculated on her, and she was accidentally inseminated while he was still a weak, unstable human with so much to learn, he would never be able to forgive himself.

“S—Suika, let’s... hide behind that tree,” he grunted, now gripping her shoulder enough that ordinary skin would bleed. He meant the tree at their backs, large enough and under a wide enough canopy that they could have some privacy, at least, from any people wandering by the Lake at this hour. He caught her eye and insisted, “Let me tongue you.”

Suika stumbled off of him still holding his right hand and, trembling, shaking, dragged him to where he wanted to go, almost falling over her opened and disheveled clothing. He followed, she let go of his hand and put her back against the tree, getting ready to sit.

“Wait,” he said, taking off his coat. He prepared it underneath her and whispered a spell of air to trap some sort of cushioning within it. “... Okay.”

Suika dropped down, pulling off her skirt and bloomers. She removed her shirt as well, leaned back, and opened herself to him. He swallowed; she spread herself open, and saw his cock twitch.

“Hey... are you sure—?” she asked, and as an answer he hid his manhood behind his hand.

Gen got onto his forearms and stared at Suika’s nakedness, his heart now absolutely pounding. He kissed her insides and shivered to hear her whine. He kept his hand hovering over his lower self, putting in effort to stay it away from any touch.

Thus, he began to eat her out. Suika’s “Ah! Ah! Ah!”s each pierced him ruthless with arousal as he sucked, licked, and generally enjoyed her most womanly part.

Her hips bucked against his face. He put his teeth very gently on her most sensitive part, and she screamed and pushed down on his head. In fact, she held him hard with both hands, grinding her body against his mouth to make a mess of it. He looked up to see her bearing her teeth and shutting her eyes. Not to disappoint, he closed his own, opened his mouth wide, and tongued the entirety of the flower.

“Aghah! Y-Yeah! Yeah! Good!” she praised. He smiled while kissing her, parted her some more, and began to corkscrew his tongue inside (she almost pulled out his hair). The temperature, the narrowness, and taste; nothing about this was against his desires, she could (and was, now) truly force his head rough against her petals, and he would enjoy every second of being there, between her legs. He continued to let her trap him for the purposes of cunnilingus until her body rocked noticeably passionately, and she sprayed his face with her juices.

He stopped there as her hands relaxed, looking into her twitching part between her twitching hips. He then decided to mention: “See... you’re not thinking straight, Miss Suika. You only...” and he paused, getting onto his knees to lift one of her legs and remove her footwear. “You only want me to fuck you because you’re absolutely out of it. If I had sex with you, tomorrow morning you’d have your head in your hands.”

He took off her other shoe and began to remove the sock. “Oh... yeah?” said Suika breathily. “Then... how about... you? How’re you... keeping your head on straight in... front of me? Look... Look how obviously you want to...”

Her last words accompanied a stare downward.

“I am a man of logic and reason,” he replied, holding her left leg and caressing its inner thigh now that her sock was off. He began to suck her toes, to her pleasurable contortions and hollow complaints about uncleanliness, thinking also, And since I love you, I won’t subject you to the trouble of a weak father who doesn’t even have his own home.

He thought something else, looking curiously toward the moon, and took her foot from his mouth. He stood up and lowered his underwear into his trousers, letting himself free from the hole in the crotch to erect fully. Suika gazed transfixed, and he swore he could hear her heart thumping.
“You really want this, huh...” he remarked, holding himself in front of her. “Alright, here,” He said, and with one hand atop her head, he pushed his cock as close to her face as he could before contact.

Suika’s face glowed as she was presented with his rod. She swallowed, stared, stared longer, and even longer until she seemed to be in some sort of daze, judging by how her expression relaxed. She sniffed at his tip, and he hurried to stop his semen from flying out then and there.

Suika continued to sniff at his cock for quite a while, and he found himself unable to move as she did so. His ears felt hot, his cock even hotter, and overall he was fairly certain he might literally explode at any moment. Suika did not stop, getting her fill of his scent from the front, sides, below, and above. She pressed her face, eyes closed, against his pubic hair and huffed. She then went lower and breathed in at his testicles. Gen was thoughtless all the while, until she opened her mouth to drag her tongue against the underside of looser skin.

“...!!” He silently held his ground, exhaling through his nose. This had mostly tickled, at least, what the youkai did next however was an outright test of endurance. She lapped along his shaft repeatedly, coating it in her warm saliva while he stared down at her and started to moan. “Oh... Ohhgh... Hh...” he breathed, unable to keep his mouth shut now. Her tongue slid along him too pleasurably, like a roll of sparks. When she swallowed him without warning while he was contemplating life in the tree’s bark, he grabbed both of her horns, bit hard onto his own teeth, and growled.

He already knew this sensation, but it was so, mercilessly, unbelievably, delightfully hot inside of Suika’s mouth. He did nothing himself other than hold on to his senses and back his orgasm, because the sooner he ejaculated the sooner this stupefying pleasure would end.

Tickling, sparkling—her hard teeth and rolling tongue—all too much. Too much. He thought his heart skipped a bit. Holding his breath, he let her continue.

“Mmf... chp... Gg... Mwm... gg... hm... hm...”

The noises, too, pushed his buttons.

Again without warning, Suika did something maddening. She pushed him to her throat, and that throat began to regularly tighten over and over on his head. His manhood was engulfed by a sleeve of wet, tight, heat, in which her tongue lazily undulated and crawled around him. The slippery pushing, prodding, and massaging had him flinching at their slightest motions; it out and out felt too good. He wanted to bite his lip, but knew he’d bite hard enough to bleed it. Instead, he slouched, holding on to the oni’s horns for dear life.

“Fuuu... fuuu... Mg! Fuu... Fuuu...”

With her choking voice and breathing into his crotch, he knew his time was up. With a few back and forth arguments in his head about whether or not this was an acceptable thing to do, he gave in to his basest desires, shut his eyes, and after a slow pull back slammed back into her mouth, the stupidly good feeling rippling out from his waist.

“Mffhwh!? Mm! Mm!”

With her noises in his ears, Gen bucked against her mouth, using his arms too to move her head. A mess of spit and precum dripped off of him and, he heard, out her mouth; this audio and these electric surges down his shaft almost pushing him to sickness. He felt his sack tighten, yet still held on in order to get the most out of it.

“Mmf! Fmf! Hmf! Hm!”

“Gugh...” he moaned, opening his eyes to a squint. He saw that Suika was not pained by this at all. Her cheeks were full of him and she stared, eyes half-lidded, far off and zoned out as he moved and pounded her. She even slid as well in time to his forcefulness, sucking loudly and making withdrawal blissfully difficult. Furthermore, both of her hands were at her bottom lips, frantically plunging. He gulped; she heard that and met his eyes. That sleepy look, in her chestnut eyes—Gen finished immediately.

“Gah!” he breathed, and felt a rush of semen explode out of him and down Suika’s throat. His legs buckled, he grit his teeth and slammed his hips against her face with spurt after gratifying spurt. She whined.

“MMmmMm~! MGg...! Gg... Glp... Glp... mg... mh... mglp...”

And she swallowed.

“Hah—! Hah—! H-Hah—! Fu-Fuck...!” he panted and shook, feeling like the pleasure from his cock and into his legs would soon be making him fall. He extracted himself from Suika’s mouth, and almost came again from the site of his penis tied to her mouth with strands and cords of saliva and noticeably thick cum. When she went to kiss and lick his tip, a shock ran through and he did cum again. With a pant, he shot his semen onto her face, making her blink and flinch as it landed over her shut left eye.

Still with a sense of reason, Gen awkwardly opened his vest and shirt while Suika moved her hand up and down along his half-flaccid shaft. He bounced in her grip, and when he dropped his tops off, he hastily removed his bottoms, sat down before her (which made her lose her grip), and pulled her body onto his, his cock taking no time to stiffen against her stomach. She gulped, hugged him, and the two of them rubbed against one another eagerly, soon sharing a careless and deep kiss.

He would not yet fuck Ibuki Suika.

... But truly, truly, this was a difficult goal to manage. 
Minamitsu shoved the bald man into the room.

Within the wedge of time between that and locking the door shut, the resident ghost of Myouren-ji had, what those inside her profession may call, another think. Someone without it might say, second thoughts, instead – but that was a few fingers off the mark. Second thoughts occurred afterwise of whatever they concerned and lent themselves to mending whichever moral fibre said whatever had snapped. Another think was a concurrent deal… and the first squeak of the fibre stretching beyond comfort.

And the weight at its end was the man. Named, riotously, Handai Mu – to hear him tell it. Seldom had Minamitsu met a creature as obstinate in its advances as this; even in life, most of the men she’d dallied with on shore leave had been enough courteous to wait until Minamitsu was solidly drunk ahead they stuck their hands under her skirt. Handai Mu had known her for five whole minutes – none of which too brief to stay him from pressuring her for sex at the end of sixth. Or fondling her ass at the end of seventh. Or, in the same, from sneaking a finger up her kitty and attempting in utter earnest to finger-bang her in the middle of a public hallway. He was either absolutely confident… or an absolute, irredeemable scumbag.

But these were frail, human concerns… and Minamitsu had shed those, in faraway waters and an even farther past.

This was what sister Byakuren refused to acknowledge. Mahâ-Vagga may speak of eleven dependences; yet, for youkai, they fell apart at the penultimate. On ignorance depends karma; On karma depends consciousness; On consciousness depend name and form. These had the truth. On name and form depend the six organs of sense, it went; On the six organs of sense depends contact, yes; On contact depends sensation; On sensation depends desire. On desire depends attachment, to which Minamitsu was a testament. On attachment depends existence. On existence depends birth. On birth… depend old age and death, sorrow, lamentation, misery, grief, and despair.

And herein was Byakuren’s failure. Sorrow and death, misery and grief… These were human fears. Youkai needn’t be born; nor were they compelled to spread their seeds. All required to live on was an attachment and the existence it allowed. Why should anything else matter?

This was the wind astern Handai Mu’s question. When existence was a surety, not a chase; when the only care in the world was time; when no vice, however low, held a lasting consequence… Then, hedonism was the natural answer. Sex was a simple and rewarding counter to boredom; and, when one had the crude avails of a female form and basic reasoning, a youkai may find it just as well. Minamitsu could point to a handful who did, herself; even in Myouren-ji, which had taken to enlisting men with bricks for wits and peanuts for balls, there were opportunities for restless youkai ladies to get their itch scratched. Visitors, solicitors, hopefuls and applicants. Men from without. With spunk and no shame.

Men like Mu.

And still, it was her female, human side which had strummed her moral fibre first. Her blood was still quick with arousal, and her kitty was already missing its new, pushy friend; and yet, inside Minamitsu’s head, there was a nagging voice demanding explanation. Off-hand, there were a couple ready to sail. Mu may not win a beauty pageant if it was held on a stormy day, but he was tall and had a nice pair of arms below his shoulders. Nothing about his smell turned her off; it was even – in that sharp, masculine, after-jog way – exciting to breathe. Minamitsu could all too easily imagine waking up in a bed swamped with such a smell after a night of intense, under-sheets work-out. There was the piercing intensity in Mu’s gaze, which shied, ostensibly, from no barrier of convention or privacy – and that would have been enticing by itself.

Most of all, however, there was the overt and glaring sense that his attention never fully belonged, not even when trained squarely on her, to her. That, were it not for Minamitsu’s youkai body and core, he would never have spared a minute, let alone five, to divert her from watching the flowerbeds hibernate. That there was nothing, to Handai Mu’s mind, she could ever offer him beyond her expertise on youkai and her mouth around his dick.

And that all but morally obliged Minamitsu to expose his error.

Incredible, she thought to herself, how much reconsideration you can squeeze between a door and its frame when you’re about to lock yourself in a room with a guy you promised to suck off. Sister Byakuren would lose her marbles.

She was not the only one who would. Minamitsu clicked the door shut. Then, lips curling into a feline smile, she turned about to face her quarry.

“Fool man,” she told him, all naughty mischief. “To let yourself be lured a youkai…”

Mu pushed the hood back from his shaven head and cocked a brow. Minamitsu giggled her thoughts. No fear there. Not another think. Only a probing stare and a persistent bulge on the front of his trousers. He’d either jigged this jig before… or really was a consummate bilge rat.

“Ah, forget it,” Minamitsu gave up. “I’m not that stripe of youkai, anyhow.”

“Hadn’t pegged you,” admitted the bald man. “And which are you?”

“More of a… a ghost, I reckon.” Minamitsu shrugged. “Used to be human. Kicked the bucket. Thought it was a crock. Fumed about it something fierce. Whoosh. Youkai. Simple.”

Mu’s brows pressed a crinkle above his nose. “… A ghost?”

Minamitsu gave him a grin. “Ooh. Scared now? The stench of death is in the air…!”

“Confounded, sooner,” said Mu. “I’ve been strongly impressed ghosts weren’t interested in… in body stuff, broadly.”

“Think with logic, Captain. What defines a ghost? What it had to leave behind? What it cannot let go? For a ghost, who has lost life, earthly things are the cardinal desire. But, enough about me. About you, now. Show me the goods, already.”

The man called Handai Mu hitched open his jaw, as if to add something witty to the conversation. Then, with a “Too right”-type of nod, he snapped it closed. His broad, long-fingered hands went to his waist, where they began to unkink the sash tying his grey cloak. Minamitsu, giddy from anticipation, hopped up to him with speed that would have given a nyuudou a nasty shock, and thrust out with a palm against his chest, until Mu was backed up against the nearby wall. Smiling coquettishly, the whilom captain of Myouren-ji’s Palanquin Ship went to her knees, brushed her hair behind her ears, and waited obediently while the man before her unpacked her prize.

Mu’s cloak at last parted to reveal a plain linen shirt and hakama trousers, favoured by the Human Village’s male populace. The length of twine ministering to as a belt was worked through swiftly, leaving the trousers at leisure to slip down and pile atop the man’s Winter boots. That left but his bulging underwear in the way.

Minamitsu found patience in thinning supply. Ahead he could, she slid her hands up his thighs and hooked her fingers under the band of his overfilled shorts. Then pulled them down. There was a delicious snag when the band caught on his erection. Minamitsu giggled softly at the clumsy underwear – and guided it with care around the obstruction.

A thick, hard, impatient-looking penis filled her sight. A faint, wood-chip fragrance wafted off the shaft and tickled her nostrils. Minamitsu let the underwear complete its descent on its own and gave all of her attention to her trophy. It wasn’t… anything outrageous. About two hand-spans long (of her feminine hands, anyway), with a ring of foreskin strapped around the ridge of a plump, swollen head. It wasn’t crooked or curved in such a manner that would scrape her kitty in all the curious ways if she were to ride it; it was, actually, as straight as an oar… if the oar was also a little on the portly side. It was the type of stiff, upright cock you wanted to learn your good spots, because it would always hit them and never bend aside.

And, by some hilarious set of circumstance, it was as bald as its owner. Shaft – creamy and hairless, with a triangle of shaven skin on the abdomen above.

“Here too, Captain?” Minamitsu chuckled, casting up at his face. “For real?”

The shaven-headed (and shaven-crotched) man returned her mirth as a general’s smile. “The war is absolute,” he revealed. “Which you see.”

“I see not here.” Minamitsu pinched his moderately hairy thigh. “Mm. Well. No big deal. I’ll live. Or, you know – deal.”

“You don’t like?” he asked.

Minamitsu let fly a faux-dramatic moan. “I’m not cruel, Captain,” she told him. “I do reckon with the misfortunate fact that men need keep on a layer of fur to stay warm in Winter. Here, though?” She scuffed closer on her knees, until the smooth, warm cock was resting against her face. “Here,” she sighed, “I totally love it.”

Mu ventured no reply, which was as well – because Minamitsu was fast losing all focus to his handsome, well-groomed tool. For a full, dreamy minute, her world shrank down to the eight-mat room, the scent of a raw penis filling her head, and vague fantasies that made her kitty twitch, but which she had no intention to satisfy just yet. At length, Minamitsu pursed her lips, and pecked a gentle kiss on the cock’s rough underbelly. A pleased smile stretched her cheeks when it stiffened in response to her affection. She slid her dry lips a little farther up, and gave the gorgeous penis another kiss. Then, another. And another. She kissed the hairless shaft all over, before moving on to where the foreskin attached to the glans.

With the fingers of one hand, Minamitsu gripped around the meaty base of the cock, and tugged the sheath of skin free of the chubby head. Stripped bare, vulnerable, the head of Mu’s penis twitched under Minamitsu’s heated breath. She brushed the tip of her nose on his frenulum, then kissed the strip of pink, sensitive skin just below the ridge of his glans.

Mu groaned up above – his voice tinted a shade edgy.

“… Making friends down there?” he asked.

Minamitsu reluctantly removed her lips from his cock. “… What did I say, Captain?” she reminded. “I’m not about to fellate a guy I haven’t even kissed.”

“We’ve kissed.”

“This guy and I haven’t.”

“You have,” he countered. “Sixteen times.”

Minamitsu couldn’t not laugh. “You counted?”

Mu made a mock-exasperated face. “Since you plain weren’t…”

It’d have been a glass-transparent lie if Minamitsu claimed otherwise. “… Got me,” she confessed. “Mm. Fine. If you’re that anxious to screw my mouth…”

Mu shaped a tense smile. “I want to screw all of you.”

Minamitsu sneered. “As if.”

“I do.”

“Mhm. No,” she disagreed. “All you want to do is to stuff your fat cock up my kitty and unload your filthy semen into my womb. Isn’t it, Captain?”

There was a pause. Then, something dawned behind Handai Mu’s eyes. “… Yeah,” he confessed. “I want to do that.”

“Barbarian. This is a temple.”

“One way to stop me.”

“What-ever could that be?”

Mu nudged the tip of his cock against her lips. “Put that obscene mouth to work. Now.”

A tingle of arousal squeezed the inside of Minamitsu’s belly. She drew in a long breath, the indecent smell of naked manhood making her head light.

She licked her lips. “… You’re the Captain,” she surrendered.

And then, wrapped them lovingly around the needy cock’s glans. Mu grunted his approval overhead, even as the raunchy ghost slipped her mouth farther down, past the ridge and over the sensitive area below. The thick, vein-lined shaft throbbed and trembled in delight when she tightened her lips and began to slide them back up – sucking the entire way. Mu’s cock sprang of her mouth with a bawdy noise. Minamitsu gave the pulsing tip a chaste kiss; then, sinking to its root, she stuck out her tongue – and dragged it up the whole, brutal thing in a slow, polishing stroke. Her reward was another satisfied grunt… and something more.

The bald man tipped her sailor’s cap and dug the fingers of his hand among her hair. There was a brief pull when he grabbed a tender, but firm hold of her head. Minamitsu thrilled all over when he jerked it up to meet his demanding gaze.

“Open up,” he said.

She opened up. Mu smiled like the murderer under his name.

“Good girl.”

The words slammed into her brain, bowling over every last moral thought. Handai Mu need not have pulled (even if he did anyway) to make her wrap her mouth again around his eager cock. He needn’t have pushed to make her glide it down along the shaft – tongue scraping the underside – until his tip was braced against her tonsils. Minamitsu hauled her lips up, leaving Mu’s tool glossed with a layer of fresh spit. She didn’t let it pop out this time; rather, she paused just as the glans caught on the ring of her lips, and dipped her head back down for another round-trip. Mu scratched her scalp and softly praised her efforts as she worked the whole length of his erection.

“There,” he would whisper, in a husky, breathless voice. “Yes. Like that. Now up… Unh. That’s it. Suck it here. Good girl. Good girl…”

And so on. Minamitsu toured the length of Mu’s hard-on, gurgling whenever it struck the back of her throat and slurping with noisy relish as she pulled it back out. A dozen or two more flights up and down, and Minamitsu missed her upper stop. A moist smack signalled Mu’s penis suddenly leaving her warm, wet embrace. It was followed by a groan from him and a halting gesture from Minamitsu.

“Nn… Mm. Cap’n? Hold’n. Jus’ a shake.”

Mu’s gaze told everything he thought of the idea. “… Yeah?”

Minamitsu swallowed down the contents of her mouth… only now realising the faint taste of pre-cum tainting her saliva. “You—” she choked out, “You, um, mind if I touch myself a little? I know this’s your blowjob, but… imagining what this thing would do to my kitty really got it going.”

Mu’s face turned a touch suspicious. “… Why would I mind?”

“N’reason,” mumbled Minamitsu. “Some men just prefer I keep my hands on them at all times. You get?”

Whether he did or no would forever stay an unknown. “I can help you out with that,” he proposed instead.

Minamitsu wrung out a tight smile. “Yes. You’ve shown. But, no. This is a blowjob. Nothing more. Sorry. If you absolutely want to do something for me… then roll up your shirt.”

Mu’s head titled a few questioning degrees to starboard. “My shirt?”

“Yup. I mean, you’ve got a great cock and all,” she went on to explain; “but, I want to see more. Unless you’re really self-conscious?”

The bald man made to make his reply. Then, another wave rocked his mental boat. “… What happened to ‘mast?’”

Minamitsu tittered. “That’s what you want me to call it?”

Mu looked entertained. “You did, earlier.”

Minamitsu squeezed out a sigh. “Keeping to the role, Captain,” she told him. “That’s what the pith of being a youkai is. You get? You play the role… else, you disappear.”

“And now,” pressed Mu, “why have you—”

“And now,” she cut in, “now, I’m way too horny to keep it up. Going to give me something to ogle or not?”

Anywhere, anytime else, a question like that could have done to a flirt what too much tar does to a hawsehole. Not with Handai Mu. With him, it ushered the hand that hadn’t its fingers in her hair up to the collar of his shirt. Minamitsu leaned in and gently slid her lips around the tip of his cock while he plucked the buttons out of their slots. The shirt split down the middle, and Mu drew the halves aside to present his chest and stomach.

Oh, niiice… Minamitsu heard her brain comment.

The war on body hair, which the man Mu proclaimed, proved narrower in its scope than he might have dreamed; and there was no shortage of wiry, dark curls below his collarbones and between his pecs. The pecs themselves were pleasantly defined; and the stomach beneath, while nowhere as rugged as some seamen Minamitsu had known (and molested), was nonetheless flat and toned. Minamitsu slipped her mouth off his erection and her hands up the criss-crossing lattice of muscles above it. She giggled when Mu turned out to be surprisingly ticklish.

And then, he said something that made her ticklish entirely someplace else.

“Show me yours.”

Amusement melted from her thoughts like snow in Spring. With a tingling hand, Minamitsu moved to obey the perverse order. She gripped the edge of her cropped sailor’s top, and pulled it up under her chin. Her bare, sweat-sheened breasts glistened in the room’s filtered daylight. There was no bra or undershirt to spoil the moment for either her or Mu; and Minamitsu glanced, coyly, up at the bald man’s intense expression.

“… Well?” she asked.

Mu bunched up his faculties before speaking. “… Cute,” he opined.

Minamitsu spat a flustered chuckle. “A girl shows you her tits,” she moaned, “and that’s everything you’ve to say, Captain? ‘Cute?’”

There was a pause, pregnant with anticipation, as the man reviewed her palm-size assets with his eyes. “… Those perky nipples,” he at last volunteered. “They make me want to suck on them until they’re red and sore.”

“That’s better. No dice, though.”

“… Oil them up and knead them, then?”

Minamitsu snorted. “Not what I meant, Captain. I meant, not this time. This time is this guy’s.” His still-hard penis gave a throb when Minamitsu angled it so the head was poking her right breast. A drop of milky pre-cum beaded out at the tip, and Minamitsu rubbed it in a circle around the stiff nipple. “… Mm. Too bad I’m not big enough for a titty-fuck, hmm?” she wondered aloud. “Then, we would have had an excuse…”

“You’re a ghost,” pointed out Mu. “Can’t you…?”

“Shift some fat around? Mm. Technically,” Minamitsu allowed. “But it’s not all that fun. It’s… Imagine a wig, Captain,” she supposed, “except, you wear it instead of your hair, not over it. Or instead of your lack of hair, as it were. Glued straight to your skull. It isn’t your body, and your body would remind you. This is my shape; I’m most comfortable like this. Tough break. Want a boob-job? Ichirin’s got the perfect boobs. She might let you play with them.”

“The nun?” Mu sounded dubious. “She would do that?”

“Our dear Ichirin may be the starchiest arse on this end of the Pilgrim’s Way, sure,” granted Minamitsu. “Get her drunk, though, and those inhibitions shed faster than a young snake. There was this one time, even… I’ll trust you won’t tell this to anyone, Captain. You get? There was this one time when sister Byakuren and I walked in on her sharing a bottle with a young man. An aspirant – of less than two months. On the floor – with his dick between her tits – and pissed out of care. Sister Byakuren was livid.”

“… What’d she do?” asked Mu, in the tones of a captain who asks after newly instituted docking fees.

“The boy, she expelled on the spot. Never even let him clean up. Clothes back on and out the gate. Ichirin? Kneeling on a washboard and house arrest for two weeks.”

“Two weeks of kneeling?” Mu was sceptical.

“Just house arrest,” Minamitsu clarified. “Washboard, nope. That was a couple hours. Six or odd… Couldn’t sit at the dinner table without a pillow for days anyway, poor Ichirin.” What Minamitsu eschewed to mention was that the mandated murder of her kneecaps hadn’t forestalled her best friend from boasting, upon their next drink together, how she herself had seduced and ensnared the young aspirant – on account of him always stealing glances her way at morning muster. “… Anyhow,” she went on, when her partner turned out no further questions, “enough about Ichirin’s tits. Shall we? This guy has rested too long, I reckon.”

There was another of those “Too right” nods from Mu, who lost no self-assurance as Minamitsu repositioned his lube-dripping erection toward her face. At the same time, she moved her unoccupied hand under her skirt. With dumb amazement, she discovered her panties were still rearranged from Mu’s drawing them aside to get at her kitty, back in the hallway. Minamitsu tapped a finger on her swollen clitoris, enjoying the jolt of pleasure, even as she pursed her lips and pressed them to the tip of Mu’s cock.

The bald man caught the hint behind her upturned gaze. He clutched a tighter hold on her short hair – and pushed her mouth down his spit- and pre-cum-smoothed length.

As the penis relentlessly filled her mouth, Minamitsu slipped her middle and ring fingers down, then up between her slick lower lips. She wriggled them up, as far as they could go – then pulled them out, covered in a sticky coat of her own girl-lube. She brought them back up, and began to roughly rub it into her most sensitive place.

Mu grunted, in both arousal and disappointment, when Minamitsu yanked her head back and off his engorged, throbbing cock. Quite another sound issued from his chest when she lapped her tongue around his bare tip, then swallowed the entire cock – lock, stock and barrel – in a single, merciless dive. Minamitsu flicked and slapped her clit beneath her skirt, while she screwed Mu’s shameless cock with her slavering mouth. Up and down, up and down – drool and pre-cum trickling down her chin and slobbering down Mu’s shaven sack. Minamitsu slurped up what she might, but the wide, fat glans scooped it out again each time she wrenched her head up.

She felt, more than heard, Mu’s breath hitch, and barely caught his curt announcement ahead he started to come.

A touch light-headed from the furious blowjob, Minamitsu sealed her lips under the ridge of Mu’s glans, and let her mouth take the brunt of his orgasm. The first, powerful spurt of cum crashed into her throat – causing her to swallow on a reflex. The thick, hot semen clung to her gullet, refusing to go down. All the while, Mu’s cock kept gushing more and more into her mouth: a sticky, virile prize that should have ended up in her belly entirely another way. Mu gasped and groaned up above as Minamitsu softly glided her lips down his still-cumming cock.

And while this would never have been fine from a mutual point of view – while Minamitsu should never have had to tease her own kitty when an able man was right forward – she knew, in the depths of her stomach, that once Mu peered down and weakly called her a “good girl” one last time, that she would think back to this afternoon, long and hard, more than once in the coming seasons.

Futo stared at her brother over his violated, dripping hand, feigning breathlessness – while Mu reconciled inside with the thought that it might have been another part of him, instead. He met her wet, devious smile with one of reluctant longing. Futo did not let him speak. Mu, too, swallowed down his readied quip, and braced – even as his sister reversed his hand, and ushered it down under her skirt, then up and between her giddy, itching thighs.

There was a hiss and a soft curse when Mu discovered just which critical part of her attire Futo had omitted to put on after her shower.

“Oh, damn it,” Mu groaned – marking the very first Futo had ever heard her brother and student swear in their shared language.

Futo grinned. “Mu brother?” she chirped.

A flurried wince preceded her brother’s reply. “… Yes, sister Futo?”

The familiarity of the exchange set her to giggling all over again. “Come now,” she chided him. “We both what you want to wit. You may put them in.”

Mu swore again. And then, giving in to his overdue desire, he did just that.

Futo shut her eyes and moaned quietly when her brother pressed the tip of his middle finger to her snug opening and wriggled it inside. Her privates gave a needy, restless flutter as he passed in the first, intruding inch, then the one after that. Mu kept pushing apart her hot, pliable walls, her own saliva easing his entry, up until the long finger bottomed out and Futo’s crotch was resting directly on his palm.

Futo relaxed, permitting her weight to spread her legs and land her on her brother’s lap. Mu, in a moment of tenderness, wound his free arm behind her back, securing her in the spot. His warm, shallow breath ruffled the hair above her left ear.

A patch of sticky, rigid silence settled between them as each took in their new, obscene situation. Mu – with a finger three-fourths of the way up to her womb and a splendid rise in his trousers; and Futo – blue ranked official of this Sen-kai, and having her privates toyed with by a once-student. The wonderful sensation of something hard and persistent inside her. The awareness of her brother inhaling the scent of her freshly washed hair. The sheer, forbidden overtone of it sent a thrill of vicious, rogue excitement up the inside of her belly.

Mu felt the thrill at its hot origin, and shook his clean-shaved head, as if to ward off sudden weariness.

“… Gods,” he gasped into her tingling ear, “but you’re tight down there.”

Futo giggled out the tension in her chest. “… Mm,” she teased in response. “Yes. I am. This body very young is.”

Mu’s voice penetrated her head as a sultry whisper. “… How young are we talking?”

Ahead she satisfied his rare interest in her age, Futo reached out and slid a yearning hand down her brother’s shirt-clad rampart of a chest. Heavens, but he was huge up close. Small wonder manhandling his tutor, such as he had, came to him naturally as walking. Futo wished, in her aroused state, that he would manhandle her much, much more.

“… It how I looked is,” she answered, “afore I to Umako wedded was. Afore Shigisan. My best years.”

“That tells me nothing,” complained Mu. “How old are you, in this shape?”

As he demanded this, Mu’s long, rigid finger curled inside her, as if readying to treat her appropriately – dependent on her answer.

Futo twisted her hips, nudging it more toward the spot where it would feel best. “Mm… Methinks I fifteen was when I to husband Umako took,” she recalled. “Therefore… fourteen? Thirteen? Afore my first child, for a surety… yet afterwise I flowered.”

As a reward, Mu began to slide his finger up and down between her hungry, squirming walls. Futo gave him an appreciative moan, even if the technique was far from stellar. Then again, perchance Mu hadn’t meant it elsewise. There seemed an escalating quality to his interrogation. Futo was determined to see where it would lead.

“And, by then,” Mu asked next, “you weren’t a…?”

“A maiden?” she guessed. “Nay, Mu. I that e’en longer agone relinquished.”

Mu groaned. “… Why must my wonderful sister be so damn naughty?”

Futo drew a breath to turn into a reply… which was stolen by a wash of aching distress when Mu extracted his finger from her clinging embrace. And yet, she had no sooner turned up a hot glare with which to chastise her mule of a brother than her frustration was given a wholly better vent. For then, Mu slipped back in two. Futo clenched her teeth; but, in truth, her walls were slickened enough by now to allow something even thicker to slide in without much trouble. As ripe as she was, Mu noticed it not. His fingers stopped, no farther than halfway inside her.

Or perhaps, the next instant told, he had realised where it was that Futo wanted him to touch most. For he hooked both of his long, intruding digits… and scratched their coarse tips all along the front wall of her vagina.

Futo went taut, moaning obscenely into the air of the room, as they stumbled right over her special, secret spot.

Mu, that imp, had known exactly and without fail what to aim for. And now, he was looking to her sloppy, blissful expression for vindication.

“… Take it that was close, then?”

Futo forced out a hateful, steamy grimace. “… Lower, you mule.”

Obedient as never ahead, Mu complied. He adjusted his fingers, and gave her weakest spot another rough press. “Here?”

“… Nn. Mhh. Yesss,” Futo moaned through her teeth. “Fie… Fie, Mu. If you’ve this wist… I that youkai wench for you spurning pity.”

A chip of confidence clipped away from Mu’s exotic eyes. “… This is the first I’ve tried, actually,” he admitted. “… I’ve wanted to try, though. Since… uh, a while.”

Futo managed a shaky smile. “Heyday,” she praised him. “And upon your second essay. Fie. I’ve had men me impregnate and it altogether miss…”

The word smashed into what had been left of the damaged confidence, and attired her brother in a lumpish, slack-jawed look. Futo could do naught for the grin which crept over her roseate face.

“… Think you of it?” she teased her mulish brother. “Of me pregnant getting?”

Mu startled. “N—” he began. “… Nyes,” he gave up. He attempted a conciliatory smile. “Told you. Wicked man. Imagination.”

May have had me fooled, thought Futo. “Ah, trouble yourself not,” she dismissed their little fantasy. “This body nay its monthly blood sheds. It dry and sterile as a barren desert is.”

“… Somewhat damp, this desert,” Mu observed.

Then, he resumed his work down below. Futo’s thighs shivered when Mu poked his fingers into her special place and began to scrape them up and down. Quickly, her breath devolved into panting, and then into quiet, lustful moans.

Soft-kneed from his lewd, internal massage, Futo pinched a hold of her uniform’s skirts, and drew them up to her waist. The scent of her arousal laced the room’s already stuffy air. Her bare, hairless slit was wrapped around Mu’s ring and middle fingers, which were buried up to their second joints and pumping vigorously. Strings of milky, viscous liquid were sticking to his palm below. Futo thrust one arm behind, and leaned back – lifting her hips to give her brother a clearer view of her nether lips selfishly enjoying his fingers. Skipping a beat, Mu stuffed them up, as far as they went, into her hot, eager depths. He wormed them around, as if testing how wide she could stretch.

Then, he drew them all the way out – coated in her sticky love-juice. Mu rubbed it between his fingertips, looking perplexed by his sister’s natural lubricant.

Futo wanted to laugh. All which came out was a needy titter. Mu’s attention tore away from his investigation of bawdy physics, and travelled up her horny, quivering body. He murmured something apologetic-sounding, and grazed his sticky fingers back up the inside of her left thigh.

He froze, bemused, when Futo slid a barring hand over her crotch.

“… That it do shall,” she declared, as imperative as she could make her gasping voice. “I wet enough am, Mu. I you inside me now want.”

Mu’s arrested hand balled into a fist as he peered up to give her an imploring look. “… Couldn’t I make you come like this?”

“Mu.”

Mu set his jaw. “… Yes?”

Futo did not speak to the part of him which was more shrewd by half than what befit a man his age and vitality. Futo, instead, addressed the one manifest in its desire to find out what it would feel like to climax while pressed against her womb. She felt out and gripped Mu’s full, wood-stiff erection through his trousers. The thick, cudgel-like member – which Futo had seen this morning for the first time in its non-floppy state – throbbed with impatience inside her choke-hold.

“This,” Futo said, irritation fast colouring her voice, “inside me as well wants. Say not you elsewise, Mu.”

Her brother swore under his breath. “… No. It does. And I do.”

“Then wherein does the rub lie, pray?”

Mu opened his mouth. Then, clacked it shut. Then, opened it for a second try. “… What about this?” he asked. “I’ll like won’t be able to hit that spot with my—”

“You will,” assured Futo. “A man’s member may fain any place stimulate, in an aright position. I may you a few show. I a widowed woman am; I do how to these affairs pleasant for myself make know. You may that spot with your member massage while we sex have.”

Mu wavered. “… What if I fingered you,” he suggested, “and you gave me that sucking blowjob you teased me, instead?”

“Afterwise,” countered Futo. “I’ll merrily you with a blow-job clean up. Until you soft and docile are. And you me finger may during.”

Mu’s wits tossed and turned behind his eyes, clambering all over his mental shelves for an excuse that Futo couldn’t easily trump with something better.

At length, he licked his teeth, breathed in – and confessed.

“… It would make me feel better, Futo,” he said, “if we didn’t have real sex. That’s all.”

It would you feel better make, Futo amended inside, if you would me already plough.
Withal these thoughts, Mononobe Futo was, above everything, an enlightened woman. Or, more rigorously, a moral one. The distinction was somedeal of an import. It told apart those women who achieved their ends with wiles and ample busts from those who, occasionally, found themselves in the intimate presence of eminent men who wished, among mutual assent and respect, to relieve some of the stress contingent in courtly life – commonly ahead of delivering on seminal decisions.

Futo had never beguiled a man. A few she may have coaxed – and reached certain agreements with others still. Mostly, however, Futo had paved her Way. When it had run parallel to that of someone else, she had welcomed the opportunity for exchange. When those Ways had run astride, she would take subtle pains in order to preserve both. Futo had never, not once, hindered on purpose the natural course of the world; even her disgust and culling of youkai, for which she had been reproved, furthered their existence in the end – which was Gensokyo’s purported goal and therefore a good deed of a sort. When Water flowed, Futo let it; when Wind blew and fire burned, Futo ushered on their rage. That had been the one immutable constant of her life.

The one lesson her blood brother had implanted deeper than anything else.

And so, she would impose nothing on her younger, more squeamish one – even if it was, expressly, the thing they both longed for. Once Handai Mu ironed out those humps in his Way which stymied his desires – once he judged himself ready – then Futo would give him her full, willing cooperation. The whole, unbridled stretch. Until his hips were trembling from fatigue and her still, immortal womb was pumped tight with his youthful, virile seed. Until she couldn’t walk to the temple’s baths without having to lean against a nearby wall. Until, weeks afterwise, she may say beyond the palest shade of doubt she was well and truly sterile.

These, however, were aspirations for the future. Her first, adulterous, impregnation sex in a thousand years could bear to wait a little longer. For the present, Futo would have to content with something that would satisfy as well her brother’s picky sense of loyalty as the aching, wanton need his disloyal fingers had stirred up under her bellybutton.

And, for fair, ideas were not exactly in a dearth.

Futo released her brother’s raring member, and, with a stray tug of petulance, removed herself from his lap. Where his fingers flaked away from her thigh, a patch of warm, sticky juices glistened atop Futo’s faintly Sun-bronzed skin. Mu’s face betrayed his dejection at her departing closeness by flashing its tongue across his quirking lips. Futo eked out an arch smile. What a ham-handed adulterer her young brother made.

“Fie, fine, Mu,” said Futo, having only to slightly inflate her frustration of being denied her long-teased sex. “Some else a place, then. If you so retribution fear.”

Mu’s eyes unenthusiastically let go of her naked hips to give her a wavering stare. “… Where?”

Now Futo did dare an enticing smile. Squeezing together her stocky legs, she went up onto her knees. Slowly, with exaggerated difficulty, Futo pushed her own fingers in between her thighs – where the supple, limber flesh split to become her loins. She began to part it, forming a triangular gap: with her thighs as the walls and her smooth, moist groin as the roof.

“Herein?” she proposed.

Mu did not leap out of his trousers as she might have doltishly hoped, but his member almost overtook him to the feat. It’d have had to travel faster than Mu’s repartee, however, and scant aught in Gensokyo could boast that stripe of speed.

“… And here I’d contrived,” he said, mock-tragically, “that I could get that blowjob and swim it as a comparative piece.”

Futo stared him down, keenly ignoring his linguistic error. “Then you do nay this want?”

Had her brother a winch attached to his head, he could have roped up a bucket of well-water in a trice. “No, no, no—!” he sputtered. “Gods, blasted, I do want it.” His eyes wandered down to give the soft, snug hole between her thighs a covetous glance. “Yes, let’s do that, damn it. I want to feel that for myself. Only, I… See, I couldn’t get your mouth out of my imagination.”

Futo’s eyes were rolling ahead she thought to roll them. “Mu brother?” she said.

“Yes?”

“I a woman of my word am.”

Mu swallowed. “… Yes.”

“And I promised I would fain you this blow-job give. Afterwise this. Why, Mu—” she feigned a fresh idea, “if you should me thereafter to the baths accompany, we may that part of our clean-up make. And—” she increased her bid ahead Mu may decline it, “should you crave more still, then to my chambers eft my rites with the Crown Prince in the evening come. Thereon, you may me another special massage give – and I polish you afore bed in return shall. What say you?”

Mu’s Adam’s apple lurched up and down as the bull-headed man weighed her immoral offer against his crumbling conscience.

Truthfully, Futo’s inward opinion on oral sex was, at best, middling. It was, indeed, pleasant to be on its receiving end; giving it, however, was a draining, filthy ordeal, with usually scarce in the way of reciprocation. The beauty of what Mu crudely hight a “blow-job” lay not in the member having a palatable taste or feeling nice in the mouth. It did in the sense of domination. It lay in that look behind a man’s eyes as she gazed up into them, whilst his manhood was at the mercy of a pair of sucking lips and loving tongue. It did, betimes, in him seizing the lady’s hair in an attempt to wrest back some control – yet failing always to endure her skilful torture moments later.

With an insidious thrill, Futo decided that this look would suit her brother something fabulous.

“… I was walking out tonight, too,” Mu, at last, rasped out. “I hope you know that, Futo.”

Futo smiled in turn. “It much your own choice is, Mu. I’ll fain my side maintain. Now, mayhap…?”

The question she had left dangling sliced apart his doubt on the return swing; and Mu did rise as well onto his knees, fingers already busy at the twine keeping his trousers decent. It gave way to Mu’s enthusiasm, and let them to fall loose from his waist. The short underpants her brother wore beneath poised to burst at the seams. Mu pulled them down also.

His hardy truncheon of a member struck out of his shaven groin at an eager, suggestive angle. Futo, quitting her thighs for the moment, leaned forward to lay her hands on her brother’s wide, muscular shoulders. She dragged them down along his chest, together with her nose – plucking the buttons of his shirt top to bottom, and purring all the while like a ruttish cat. Mu’s member wobbled with unsure excitement when Futo arrived at its home level and pressed her face against its harsh underside.

Stubble pricked at her chin and left cheek. Albeit she had only ever pestered Mu about his upmost cap of hair, once in the vicinity of a razor, her brother had taken on and expanded on her request. Without its curly nest, its whole length exposed, Mu’s erection cut a sleek, creamy and utterly delicious sight. Futo skimmed down the bared shaft, until the top parted her hair and her nose was buried beside its root.

Then, she sucked in a long, craving lungful of its gamey, manlike smell.

Her head came awash with all sorts of images as her body remembered all those secret, debauched circumstances wherein her nose had been assailed by this same, heady scent. The memories needled the wee small voice in her heart, which told her – from the perspective of deathless centuries – that she had, perhaps, not been a moral woman after all.

Futo of now elbowed it aside, and focused on her brother’s smooth, robust erection. Awhile, she toyed in her fuzzy thoughts with the notion of giving Mu’s stubborn member a brief, intense introduction to her mouth. Awhile, she searched his smell for traces of the woman who had reportedly done the same (and more) earlier in the day. At length, she found naught except more of Mu’s wonderful, manly odour.

It was among a lug of black, foiled humour that Mu grasped her by the chin and pulled her away from her prize. Yet, Futo had but to peek up at her brother’s short-tempered face for that to upend once more. And, not only it. For Mu was gently pushing on her hips in order to let them know he would very much oblige if they but swung around and let him insert himself from behind.

Tingly from her ears down to her bare toes, Futo thrust herself away from her brother’s crotch. Straightening up, she picked up the skirts of her uniform – and turned around to present Mu with her round, defenceless rear. A shiver of base, perverted glee bowed her back when she felt Mu make a grab for her hips and shuffle close. He slid his hard, warm tool up along the valley between her buttocks. Futo sensed the tip come to a rest a little below her waist.

Mu released a deep, comfortable sigh at her back. “… Futo?”

Futo smiled. “Mm… Yes, Mu brother?”

His hands shifted to sink their fingertips in her soft, welcoming flesh. “Have I remembered, ever,” he asked her, “to say you have an awesome butt?”

Futo giggled her reply. “Nay, Mu” she said. “Albeit you’ve oft to it grope remembered. On divers occasions.”

Mu managed an embarrassed scoff. “That. Yes, well. Your legs are terrific, too.”

“Fie. You have noticed.”

“Yes. Most each time they were threatening to crush me, Futo.”

“Mm. Heyday,” she purred back. “Then this your chance to revenge for all erewhile assaults is.”

“… That is a dangerous precedent.”

“You a brave man are, Mu.”

Mu made a disparaging sound. “Too brave sometimes, I’m finding.”

All the same, he drew back his hips, and dragged the tip of his tool down the middle of her rear. Then, he stuffed it up and under the cleft where her buttocks became her thighs. Futo kept them squeezed together – counting in full on Mu’s stiffness and the juices she’d been leaking since his earlier fingering to carry his member through.

Mu steadied himself by her waist… and pushed.

His member’s plump head wedged the meat of her thighs. Futo felt a slight hitch in its infiltration when the skin scabbard was peeled back from its tip. Mu grunted, and resumed his push. At last, his member peeked out from the other side – stripped bare and shiny from her secretions. Her brother pushed on, to the point where her butt was squished tight against his stomach. He let go, extracted himself from Futo’s tight grip – and then plunged back in.

Twice as fast, thrice as easy, now it was properly greased, his member slid to the base into the opening between her thighs.

“Mm… Mu?” said Futo. “Should you more upwise aim… it would me as well stimulate.”

Mu made a wordless, affirmative hum. He drew back – slightly adjusted his hips – and thrust in.

Futo tensed, moaning in a quivering voice, when the slick glans of his member bumped into and spread her nether lips, caught her clitoris, and made it ride down his remaining length whilst he completed the push.

“Mmh… Nn… Yes,” Futo cooed, “like that – do it like that.”

“That felt like it almost went in,” noted her brother.

“Nn… Nay,” she lied. “Nay at all. If you to sheathe yourself inside me and kiss my womb want – tell. I will myself for you hold open.”

Her brother spat a chuckle clipped by choking arousal. “And who— fuh. Who here is the minx, say?”

Futo reached around to give one of his arms a twisting pinch. “I mine own desires well wit, Mu,” she said; “and I wherewith to talk know.”

“For now,” grunted her brother, “let us forget I asked.”

Nay ever, Futo promised inside.

The thought faded away into fatuity once Mu resumed their pretend-sex. Soon as he found an anchored pose – knees out wide and thrusting upwards – Futo’s mulish brother also found his pace. Quicker and quicker, he thrust his long, savage member among her clinching thighs, whilst his spear-shaped glans poked, rubbed, parted and overall galled her dripping privates. Futo watched, in giddy fascination, as Mu briefly paused – his erection sticking out from under her groin – and a rich glob of pre-come oozed out of its tip. Her brother lost no time in pulling back and smearing this all over her thighs and outer labia.

Ahead much too long, the room’s air was rife with unmistakeable sounds of copulation. Futo’s lewd moaning, Mu’s ursine wheezing, the rhythmic slap-slap-slap of her buttocks colliding with his waist and the squelching of their flirting genitals… None of those could have been mistaken for familial bonding by any chance pair of ears passing outside. That some might be stoked a fire under Futo’s aroused mind. To at last deliver on those rancorous rumours – that she and her exotic brother were in an immoral, bodily relationship – would have been ironic, but liberating, justice.

And the prude Toziko… what would she say?

Almost Futo pitied her old-maidish daughter when a shiver of pure, carnal pleasure crept up the length of her back. Mouth locked in a foolish, mushy grin, she laboured to compose her thoughts – whilst Mu’s member kept sliding up between her thighs and spreading out her moist petals. With every noisy, abrupt end of each shove, her stiff nipples chafed on the innermost layer of her uniform – each such rub a tiny shock of arousal tightening her chest. Futo groped behind and gripped onto one of the hands yoking her hips at the wrist. It did naught to slow Mu’s assault of her thighs, of course; but it made her feel a touch more in control.

Toziko. That was who she’d been thinking of. Such a ravishing figure, in life and death alike. Had Toziko but bent a finger to the purpose, she could fain have any man within the temple at her beck and call; even Mu, the seat of obstinacy that he was, spoke casually of courting Futo’s buxom daughter. Nor was Toziko innocent of these matters. Not once had the Lord Taishi ever complained of His spouse’s bedchamber manner; and Futo had it in utmost confidence that her daughter had educated her husband very well. No. Toziko was aught except innocent.

Why, then, she would confute those advances now, when death and change had sweepingly voided her marriage… Futo could ill understand. Neither may she muse further on her daughter’s priggish Way, ahead Mu’s feral panting cohered out of the blue into semi-civilised words. Albeit, not to be overtaxed, his civility ended well above his waist.

“Fuh… Futo?” he huffed.

“Nn… Nyes, Mu brother?”

“Could we—” He smacked his hips roughly against her rear. “… Could we switch around a bit? If I come now… it’ll go all over my blankets.”

Futo laughed – a small, breathless laugh. “Ahh… Already, Mu?”

“Getting there,” Mu assured. “Slowly… but certainly. Your legs feel great… you know?”

“Nn. Heyday… And my vagina?”

Her brother groaned, rubbing his tool hard along her silky opening. “… It’s the best.”

Futo drove her hips back, arresting Mu’s next push. “Want you… Mmnn. Want you to it longer enjoy, Mu?”

“Gods, yes,” gasped her brother.

Futo thrilled at the desire in his voice. “… Then here.” So saying, she slid the hand off of his arm to touch it flat on a particular area of his stomach. As if terribly ticklish, the stomach went taut under her palm. “Here. On this point focus. Sense you the Wind within? Yon pressure mounting?”

Mu scoffed. “Do I ever.”

“Then on it seize,” ordered Futo, “and Damp it.”

There was a fleet pulse of surprise ahead Mu spoke again. “… Um, Futo?” he said. “I’ve… I’ve been doing that. Whenever we bathed, actually. To keep myself from getting… you know. Overexcited.”

That on plenty things clarifies, thought Futo. Still, she reproached him, “Wrong Wind, Mu. Fie. We to your release postpone need. Nay to your lust suppress. More nearby your lowest dantian. Whence your potence to pour forth yearns. Have you it?”

Mu stilled. “… I think?”

“Damp it.”

Futo waited the tense, tantalising heartbeats it took her brother to grasp and re-direct the Feng of his body. Then, Mu released a small, startled breath.

“… Huh,” he said at last. “Well, I’ll never…”

“Success, Mu?”

She sensed Mu’s body give a nod. “Yes,” he admitted. “Yes. I did. I don’t feel any… uh, worse – but I can tell…” He struggled for appropriate terms. “… Yeah, I can tell,” he vaguely summed up. “Though, this… This is sensational. Men would kill to learn this, Futo.”

Futo smiled. “It a grave secret of the arts is,” she revealed. “Nay to be swith shared. You fain still tire and chafe will,” she cautioned; “yet, you shan’t erupt ere you wish.”

Mu swallowed it down. “… Where did you learn this, Futo?”

Futo’s smile warmed up on her face. “… Only,” she confessed, “from my brother.”

Mu’s pause bespoke his surprise. “… Your brother?”

“Yes. Yes, him,” sighed Futo. “Moriya. Of the Mononobe clans-head. My blood brother.”

“He was Taoshi, too… wasn’t he?”

“Yes. The truest.”

At her rear, her new brother absorbed this new, dubious knowledge. Then, he chuckled his incredulousness. “You must remind me,” he scoffed, “to honour his research somehow.”

Futo hadn’t the opportunity to avow he already was. For Mu pushed her off of his reinvigorated erection, and then slammed it back among her well-lubricated thighs. He began to grind his long member back and forth, back and forth, under her drooling crotch – his new ability having stripped all tact and shyness from his motions. Futo collapsed into loose moaning as he returned them to their previous, savage pace, and scraped her sensitive places on the ridge of his glans. For the minute in consequence – or five, or twenty, impossible to tell – the blue-ranked aide of Toyosatomimi Miko reverted into the moaning, twitchy mess that her previous brother, now a thousand years dead, had regularly used to make her. Futo’s current one was nowise that wise, nowise that bright… but his long, thick member felt even better on her privates after so long a drought.

And then, it felt better still. For upon the next stroke, Mu’s flagging hips misaligned his thrust.

As smoothly as if it’d been designed specially for this purpose, Mu’s plump glans spread her drooling lower lips and sank inside. Futo’s breath escaped her chest in a lewd gasp, her whole body stiffening, when the tip of her brother’s member rammed into the secret spot on her front wall. Her vagina eagerly gave way – accepting his magnificent length – until the bare glans slammed against the mouth of her womb.

In her lonelier moments, Futo had stuck an assortment of odd and odder objects inside herself. Her fingers, pom-poms, a broom-handle, a stout cucumber spirited away from the temple kitchens – even an obscenely true likeness of a man’s organ, sculpted from a dark, varnished wood, which she had purchased, half as a jape, at one of the Human Village’s motley fairs. Instantly and by half, Mu’s stiff, warm member outperformed them all. Futo bit down on a lip, eyes rolling back in their sockets, when – through sheer, frantic momentum – her brother towed back his hips, and speared her squirming, wet tunnel once more.

Mu growled, like the western barbarian he was – his gravelly voice mingling with Futo’s long, ecstatic whine. Then, as roughly as beseemed his broad posture, he yanked his fat member out of her hungry, clinging depths – scooping out her soft folds, snagging her clitoris, and spraying their combined fluids all across the bedsheets.

Absurdly, with scarce in the way of warning, Futo’s vagina clenched in the onset of a sudden, vicious orgasm.

White, hot bliss turned her thoughts into mush and her knees into wet paper. Futo crumpled onto her face – legs spread out, butt still in the air – moaning into her brother’s blankets and feeling her defiled thighs tremble under the weight of her twitching, bucking hips. Sweet, wonderful release saw her slump sideways, then roll onto her back. Futo tucked up her legs and rode the waves of pleasure shuddering up her compact, immortal body.

Her first orgasm from sex since her resurrection proved longer and more distracting than any she had given herself on her own. All but, and she would have missed it when Mu lifted her legs upright and hugged them to his chest. Her brother reached for something below… and, a second afterwise, the head of his unsatisfied member poked out from between her thighs. Mu steadied himself – kissed both her calves – and then started to hump.

Futo watched her handsome brother sate himself on her toned legs. Once his thrusting grew hectic, she rolled up the bottom of her uniform to expose her navel. None too soon, her perfect, tan skin was splattered with her brother’s fresh, virile seed. Mu’s orgasm, compared to hers, was short, concise, and over too soon. Spent, limping, her brother swayed back onto his seat, where he schooled his breath back to a semblance of control.

Futo gazed at the mess he’d left in his wake. Coasting on the backwash of her orgasm, Futo scooped some of the milky fluid up onto her fingers. Her brother’s semen stuck lovingly to her nails and skin. Futo sat up, and fanned out her legs.

Then, for little aught except the perverse relish of it, she stuffed the sperm-coated fingers into her aching, sensitive vagina. Her walls gave them a weak, gratified squeeze.

Hardly what she had wanted, this… but every journey began with a step. 
"Ah, Reimu, thank goodness you're here."

The blue-white is here, I thought. The other shrine maiden. Her name is Sanae. Sanae Kochiya. Disciple of the Moriya Shrine.

"I hope you have a good reason for interrupting my tea time, Sanae," I responded to her. She wore this humbled smile that always ticked me off as she came in. I couldn't stand it.

"Ah, I'm sorry, I know it's a bother, but I just wanted your input on a few things, really." She had been relying on me a bit recently.

"A few things, is this going to turn into a dozen before long, as it usually does?" By bit though, I mean a lot.

"N-No! Not at all! Well, I hope, I mean, it's hard to tell with Lady Kanako at times..." She always acts like this is her first time dealing with gods, even though she is veritably one herself. It ticks me off.

"That's what you say every time I say something like that, Sanae. Don't you have any shame?"

"Sh-Shame!? What does shame have to do about any of this!?" She always acts as if we're not competing for faith. She's so confident and certain about herself and her shrine's deities. That ticks me off too.

"If you don't get it, then don't worry about it, just get on with it..." The way she looked at me was filled with trepidation. Nonetheless, she sat down beside me at the table. She always does. She never misses a beat when it comes to annoying the living hell out of me.

"Well, you see, Lady Kanako has been talking about... well, me, recently." She's always relying on me, for issues from her job, to more personal ones. It's like I'm her only real friend here in Gensokyo. Jeez, I can't stand that.

"You, huh? Is she worried about you or something?" I asked with a tired breath as I took another sip of my tea. It was still hot, and reminded me that there were better things to life than being this kid's nanny.

"I suppose. She seems to think I should be doing something with my life. She keeps reminding me that while I'm a deity here, I'm still human at heart." Among all the other annoying things about her, really.

"Is that so bad? I think you're reading too much into what Kanako says."

"You don't understand, Reimu. She wants me to do more with my time off the mountain, but I don't really know what." Maybe if you were doing anything other than visiting my shrine anytime you got off the mountain...

"Haa, here we go... isn't that time consuming in and of itself? I could understand why too." The Moriya Shrine is all the way at the top of Youkai Mountain. It's not quick hop and a skip, especially going up.

"Well, that's... yeah, but that's just what makes it so difficult..." Yet, this girl always finds time to come down and ask me for help. She would walk a thousand miles for the opportunity to ask me an inane question. I hate it. That is so annoying.

"Ugh, come on, Sanae. Surely you have enough time to do something while you're down here. Maybe swing by the human village once in a while? Spread your faith more actively? I bet that's what Kanako is getting at."

"I wouldn't be so sure... wait, of all people, you're telling me something like that, Reimu?" Why was she acting now like we should be competing when she hardly did before, I thought? I didn't understand her, and that ticked me off.

"Why are you worried about that now of all times... it's whatever, Sanae. There will always be enough faith for my shrine to maintain it's status so don't worry about it. I wouldn't lose to you that easily."

"... even though you live in poverty from lack of donations..." She always made comments like that under her breath, despite still being loud enough for me to hear. Oh lord does it piss me off.

"I'm sorry Sanae, what was that? It sounded like you said something..."

"No, not at all. Anyways, Reimu, there was something else I wanted to ask you..." Here it comes, more questions, as usual. I can't stand that.

"Another? Well, just get it over with..."

"How old are you?" I stopped mid-sip of my tea. She always, always managed to come out at me with a question that gave me pause, without fail. I hated it.

"--... haa, why do you need to know something like that, Sanae?" I asked her with an angry gaze pointed her way. She never flinched to that though. Ugh.

"Because! If you're having growing pains, then I understand. I've been growing recently too." Of... all topics. This girl pisses me off like no other.

"Growing? For the love of--please tell me you didn't come here to rub it in my face."

"No, no, not at all! I mean, if anything, you look older than I do," and that you would say that to my face ticks me off, "so I figured you'd relate to my current predicament..."

"... I'm going to regret asking, but what predicament are we talking about?"

"Well, I mean, look," she said, as she then brought her hands to her chest and started... eccentuating them. Ugh. "They've gotten bigger lately... my old bras don't fit anymore and I'm having a hard time finding new ones. Is this why you had to learn how to do a sarashi fit?" Ugh! "I mean, I know you wouldn't really understand what a bra would be, but you know, since I figured you were older I thought maybe..."

I couldn't stand her. I just wanted to be by my lonesome, peaceful and serene, with no one else bothering me. It had been getting so hectic with so many people loitering around the shrine that moments of solitude were rare. Yet, here this girl was, invading my personal space and saying these damnable things to me! It...

"Kh-!"

Pissed...

"Uwah-! R-Reimu--!?"

Me...

"..."

Off.

"... a-ah..."

I could hear the jingling of the wind chimes outside. It was silent. Dead silent. So silent that I could hear the rapid heartbeat of the shrine maiden I just pushed down and pinned to the tatami mat floor. Her face became pretty flushed rather fast. She struggled a bit at first, out of panic to begin with, then mostly out of embarrassment afterwards. I didn't let her go though. My patience had run out with her. I was going to do something to her.

"... haa... haa... R-Reimu..."

Her ragged breath was unusual for someone who could clearly struggle more than that. After all, I was but a mere human. This girl was a god in all but name. Still yet, she let me keep her pinned down, as I stared down at her with a stalwart gaze. I moved to keep her whole body against the floor. Warmth begets warmth. I could feel her heat. With misty eyes, she glances at me with a turned head, then looks away, before returning to glancing at me again, as if waiting. As if anticipating. Sure enough...

"... w-well? Are you... going to do anything... to me?"

I couldn't hesitate anymore. I couldn't stop myself. I hated it. I hated her so much that I needed to take it out on her. I'd only discover later what it was that I truly felt for her, but for that time...

"--haa! R-Reimu-!"

I let loose a primal instinct I never knew I had, in the name of punishing her for all the annoyance and hatred I felt at the time.

I attacked her neck to start with. I didn't even bother wetting my lips first, but with how quickly I went to using my tongue, that didn't matter before long. My saliva was dripping off her neck and onto the floor in no time. It didn't matter how much I sucked either, it would continue escaping. Her white, vulnerable neck did not, though. Every tendon I could find under that bare skin I tugged on with my mouth. With every ounce of force I exerted on her neck, I heard her gasp louder. With every ragged breath she drew, her chest collided with mine, and her body squirmed under the new sensation she clearly had never felt before, but was all too eager to feel more of. I hated it. It pissed me off. It annoyed me, and yet...

"--nnhhaa! Reimu, that's my--!"

I wanted more of it.

"This is what you get for crossing me, Sanae..." I whispered into her ear, before resuming my relentless assault on it. Her lobe was pleasantly big enough to be satisfying to suck on, and provoked the cutest squeals from her mouth. She squirmed so much under me that I think it was just heating the situation up further.

"I-I--! That's--n-not fair, Reimu, I--... haahh!"

My tongue explored. Around the rim of her ear, behind it, around her temple and flapping the lobe in my mouth. Every sound that came out of her mouth was too pleasured to not be called erotic at this point. I'm sure the loud sounds of slurping and smacking going right into her ear were just as arousing for her too. Maybe that's why I didn't stop, no matter how nonsensical it was to me at the time. I had already been grasped by the beast of lust. This incompetent shrine maiden I had pinned down was to blame for it all.

"Rrgh, this is all your fault, all these fault--"

"--hyauh! R-Reimu those are--"

"Your breasts? I know. I hate them."

As if to clarify my point, I sat up over Sanae after grabbing that lewd chest of hers and ripped her shirt open with a squeak from her mouth. The way those filthy tits jiggled in response only served to heighten my anger. So I took it out on them, commenting on the embarrassingly pink undergarment that adorned them.

"Is this your 'bra,' you useless shrine maiden? How gaudy."

"Nnhaa-! I-It's not gaudy, th-thhaangh! R-Reimuuu~!"

Her whining was unrealistically satisfying. I felt myself cured of annoyance, relieved of upsetness, and yet, cursed with lust, infected with this shrine maiden's addictive howling. So I did it more. I tugged, pulled, yanked and squeezed her breasts with no mercy. I was intent on drawing out as much of her melodic voice as I could. The way my fingers sank into those mounds was satisfying in it's own right too. They were soft, certainly softer than my own, and were easy to manipulate, much like the girl they were attached to. I could only get more addicted.

"Hyau-! R-Rei--nnhh, Reimu, w-wait, wait--... nhaa... haa..."

I don't know why I stopped. Was I afraid? Did I not want to hurt her? I was just punishing her. Why shouldn't I continue? I had steam that needed to be blown off, so why? As those things went through my head, the dishevelled shrine maiden sat up with me in her lap and proved me to be full glad that I stopped at her request.

"Haa, Reimu... here, let me... show you how to treat them..."

I was about to protest when she lifted up my top. Being exposed like that was not in my intentions then, nor ever, I thought. That changed instantly when she began kissing so tenderly at my own chest. Even through the sarashi I wore, I could feel how soft those damnable lips were. I think it was then, at that moment, I realized how I was really feeling then. I was frustrated. I was pent up. I needed release, and it came to mind just what release I was seeking when I was doing those dirty things to her. My body relaxed at a moment then. I sat on my knees in Sanae's lap as she kissed at my chest and began unwrapping those bandages around it. When my breasts were laid bare to her, her soft, moist lips became ever more clear to me in their passion and love. Sanae was a very tender girl, I noticed, confident and fun loving, but caring and sweet deep down. I was seeing it in full force here. It was making my heart race a little, to be honest.

"Reimu... do you like this...?"

"... yeah..."

I couldn't help but admit that cleanly. It felt good, how could I deny that? I'm a girl of simple pleasured, and having my so-called rival kiss and lick at my bare breasts like that was empowering. Repeatedly, as she dragged her tongue around the curvature of my breasts, she would look up at me, checking my expression, seeing if I was enjoying it. My face rarely budged though. I wasn't one to just show it with expressions, though I'm certain my face was red at the time. It was still my first time doing something like that, as much as I had heard about it. Not only with another girl, but with Sanae no less... maybe I was more surprised than I let on, but I wasn't about to let that get in the way of my pleasure either. That's what I was focused on at the time. So it didn't take me by surprise when Sanae's tongue flicked my nipple, or when she took part of my breast into her mouth to suck on it like a content baby. I just watched. I watched and enjoyed it. With eyes that I'm sure put fear and confusion into Sanae, even though she was the one that initiated this particular part of our lewd act. Not that I was going to let her maintain that control for too long.

"Hey... Sanae, go down."

"H-Huh--mmnnh..."

I silenced her with my crotch. It was a simple movement, I just needed to stand on my knees and pull my skirt and underwear down. I slipped one of my legs through so that I could spread them both, wide enough to fit my so-called rival's face between them. That was when I pushed her head down with one hand, leaned back, bracing myself upon the other, and shoved my muff into her face. She looked shocked at first, almost mortified, but she didn't seem against it. She seemed almost ashamed, but... obediently, she started kissing at my lower lips diligently as I had hoped she would. That shameful expression looked so lewd like that, and it only aroused me more. It was enough to make me moan, which, in turn, encouraged Sanae further, resulting in a cycle of pleasure that I didn't want to leave anytime soon. It wouldn't be long, either, until she began using her tongue. That divine tongue. Holy, now tainted by my primal juices. It was tentative at first, testing the waters by sliding the tip of that pink organ up and down the center of my slit, which already felt mind numbingly good. The more pleasure I expressed, the more bold she became too. She flicked the flaps of my pussy with that tongue, lapped up the juices leaking out of my entrance, and kissed at the lewd, pink button sitting at the top of it all. I couldn't stop throwing my head back in pleasure at that. That felt far too good. Of course, Sanae seemed to take pleasure in servicing me like this too, as I noted from her eagerness that only expanded as time went on.

I lost strength in the arm holding me up when I felt her get particularly bold. Bold enough to put to use more than just her mouth. A slender, smooth finger had entered me. It slipped into my hole and probed around inside while she was still sucking at my clit. My back hit the floor and I found myself staring up at the ceiling, eyes glassy with lust. Is this how sex felt? Perhaps it was romanticized a little by the fact that it was with Sanae, who was not only a girl like me, but... someone who earnestly tried her hardest to befriend me. Why did I sexually attack her like that earlier, I wondered? Was I that pent up? Did I have feelings for her? Well, it was admittedly hard to organize my thoughts at the time when she was going to town on my pussy like that, so I never answered those questions then and there. I just continued grabbing onto that green hair of hers with both my hands, pulling and pushing her deeper into my crotch. My voice became more unrestrained. My body heated up. I felt more of my fluids leaking out of that hole she was plugging up with her finger. Her pumping finger. Her poking finger. As she lapped at my clit hungrily with her tongue, she then inserted another finger. Two fingers were now probing around inside me, trying to find sensitive areas that would make me scream. They would fail, but they would find sensitive spots nonetheless. Spots that made my mind hazy with ecstasy. My vision clouded over with pleasure and I neglected myself, which is how the final act begun.

"... mnhaa... Reimu... I...--mmnn, no, just lay back, I'll... make us both feel good..."

Before I knew it, the other shrine maiden was on top of me. I hadn't even noticed. My head was too foggy. The next thing I saw was Sanae hoisting one of my legs over her shoulder, bereft of her skirt and underwear, and pressing her crotch against mine. Let me tell you...

"--h-haahh! S-Sanae...!"

It was hot.

"Mmnnhaa! Reimu...!"

Very hot.

Our slits stuck together in an instant. The way it felt when our lower lips kissed was out of this world. Again, I failed to hold back my voice. It was hot, so much so that was it was almost unpleasant, but the more she ground her pussy against mine, the better it felt, and it was the very definition of addictive in how it relieved my body of sexual frustration. To top it all off, the way Sanae was moaning... that was unexpected in every belief. I wasn't prepared for how erotic and arousing her voice became under the throes of pleasure. Her face doubled over in that sensual feeling, appearing to be the most erotic thing to me. It made me want more. Now and forever. Nothing but pleasure filled my mind as I scratched softly at the tatami mat below me. I bet my face was just as shamefully lustful too. I felt too good. I could feel the drool from the corner of my mouth escaping from the sheer pleasure of it. Every time our clits rubbed against each other, every time our lips slid across each other, every time our fluids mixed and stained the floor below... it sent shocks of pleasure through every vein of my body and I could feel myself losing control. I feel like Sanae might have been too. The way she rocked her hips wildly was unlike anything I had ever seen of the normally composed girl. It was crazed.

With my thigh in between her legs, I could feel every movement of Sanae's slender body. The way her abdomen worked to keep her hips moving. The way her thighs tightened when she needs to brace herself on her legs. The way her loving grip on my leg tightened when she felt especially good. All of it was laid bare. It was a miraculous experience, and my mind went hazy once more at all that stimulation. I could feel it building up. Intensifying. A deep feeling in my gut that was rising and rushing forth to spread throughout my body. From Sanae's rampant whining and whimpering, urging her body to keep going under all that duress, I could tell she was beginning to feel the same way. It made me feel even better. I couldn't help but panic like that. I frantically clawed at the floor, seeking a release that was taking too long to come, fighting a feral urge that was too painful to bear. The loud squelching of our lower lips together with all the erotic fluids coming out of us matched the bestial voices me and Sanae were starting to make. I wanted it to come. I wanted it to come so bad, that I was begging for it internally. My sweet release would come soon enough, thankfully.

"Hahh, haa--! Hauu-! R-Reimu, I-I'm gonna--... g-gonna cum, I'm gunna cum...!"

"--! M-Me too, Sanae, me... t-tooooo~!!"

In a fit of desperation and filthiness, I let out a shameful cry for the oncoming orgasm, and my body obliged, splattering my shame all over Sanae's crotch, prompting her body to lock up, clutching my leg tightly as she, too, hit her peak, reciprocating the dirty gesture. As we rode out our climaxes, I could feel the combined shaking between us, and I honestly thought I was going to be brought to tears from how intense it felt... until she finally collapsed, laying opposite of me, legs scissoring mine. I finally had a chance to catch myself. Yet still, my mind only grew more hazy.

"Haa... haa... R-... Rei-... mu... haa..."

"... hahh... hahh, wh--...what..."

I could hardly understand it. What just happened? As I laid there listlessly, catching my breath along side Sanae, many things went through my head. Had I any real sense, I wouldn't have done what I just did, I thought. To do something so dirty, with Sanae, of all people. What was I thinking? I couldn't understand it then, and maybe I still don't know, but as my body begged for sleep in it's foggy state, I decided I would grant Sanae at least one simple praise.

"Ahh, S-Sanae...?"

"Mnh-... y-yes, Reimu...?"

"... thanks. I needed that."
Your eyes open as the door does. The very second a figure steps through the threshold, you reach into the gap between the sofa cushions, pull out your pistol, and aim directly at the intruder’s large bosom. “Take one more step and you’re dead,” you call out to her. “Who are you, and what’s your business?”

A young woman with long, pale blue hair frowns at you. “Keine Kamishirasawa, entering her own home. That is, if you don’t mind.”

Your grip relaxes, and you lower your weapon. “Don’t scare me like that,” you admonish her. “I thought I told you to knock?”

Keine drops her giant schoolbag on the floor and begins to take off her shoes. “And I thought I told you: it would look ridiculous for me to knock. What would the neighbors think if they saw? Attracting any kind of attention is the last thing we need to do right now. Until I get a chance to fix things, you’re the top suspect in a serial murder case.” After both of her black shoes hit the floor, she wiggles her pale toes and breathes a sigh of relief. “Thank goodness. Perhaps I could get a massage? It’s been a long day.”

You hide your gun again and go back to laying down on the couch. “No thanks.”

Even though you’ve turned away from her, she marches right up to the couch and peers over your back. “Your eyes are so dark. Have you been sleeping?”

If only you could. “Trying to,” you reply dimly.

Keine stares at you for a moment, and then kneels down. She reaches out and touches the top of your head, moving her long fingers gently through your hair. “You can’t go on like this. You need to sleep eventually.”

Her touch feels nice — so warm and gentle you could melt — but it’s not what you need right now. You shake her off and sit up. “What I need to do is make dinner. You’re probably hungry, aren’t you?”

Undeterred, Keine’s hand moves to your shoulder instead — which prevents you from fleeing to the kitchen. “I’m serious,” she says. “You look awful. It’s almost been a week since… you started staying here. If you really can’t sleep, then I can pick up some sleeping pills—”

“I’m not taking any pills,” you argue. “I have to be alert.” She continues to stare at you, in that stubborn way she does that forces you to keep going. “Every time I try to sleep, I keep thinking about her. I slip in and out, reliving it all. ”

Keine releases your shoulder and stands back up, over you. “My offer still stands,” she tells you firmly. “If you tell me everything that happened, I could devour that history. Then you wouldn’t be able to remember what she did. You could go back to your life and live in blissful ignorance as a simple widower. As it stands, the events you won’t tell me about are too closely-linked to… what you had to do. You’ll be the only one who remembers, and even that will significantly weaken the hold my power has over everyone else.”

You groan. “What a useless mind-erasing ability.”

For a moment you think you might eat a headbutt, but instead she just huffs. “I told you, it’s not mind-erasing! It’s concealing events. I’m basically throwing a blanket over history and hoping nobody pulls it off. It’s very delicate! And it doesn’t help if someone’s still under the blanket making a fuss about it!”

For an educator, her analogies leave something to be desired. “It doesn’t matter anyway,” you tell her. “I’m fine with this. I want to remember who she really was, and I want to remember my own part in it. If I forget that, then what did those girls die for?”

“But you don’t have to bear that wei—”

“And then there’s the tengu,” you continue. “I’ll never forgive them. They were the ones who started all of this.”

Keine heaves a great sigh. “Now see, you still haven’t told me what they’ve done. If I don’t know what happened, I can’t help you.”

Even in her personal affairs, she has a habit of acting like a teacher. You raise yourself off of the couch — with more than a little gloom and weariness slowing you down — and start toward the kitchen. “Good,” you tell her. “You’ve helped me far more than I deserve already. Just forget about it. Fried rice sound good?”

You’re stopped by a pair of arms wrapping around your chest and pulling you backward into something soft — two things, really. “It doesn’t sound good,” Keine murmurs sadly into your ear. “None of this is good.”

You let her cling to you for a few moments. It would take more energy than you have right now to get her off of you. “Just the same as when we dated in school,” you remark without turning around. “Always so touchy-feely. Your breasts are bigger now though, which is nice.”

Unfortunately, her hold on you only tightens, increasing the pressure on your back. “I don’t care if you want to push me away,” she says. “I’m going to help you, because you deserve happiness.”

Those words should be sweet, but all you can think about are mutiliated bodies — not from the crime scenes, but in that accursed cellar, writhing in agony for days, months — years, probably. That sick bitch. That twisted sick bitch.

“I don’t deserve a damned thing,” you decide. “The woman I loved was a hideous monster. The blood that was on her hands is on mine as well. I should have known. I could have stopped it.”

Keine speaks softly into your back. “You’re going to blame yourself, because that’s the kind of person you are. But, it’s not your fault. I think you know that. You’re hurt. You’re confused. You need time to heal.”

Whether or not she meant for you to reply, you stay quiet. She lets go. You turn to see if she’s crying — and it’s your mistake. Her eyes may be wet, but they’re also determined. “The full moon is tonight,” she reminds you. “Have you figured out what you’re going to do from now on?”

You haven’t quite made it to the point where you shift your gaze towards the future instead of back at your past. “I don’t.”

“Then stay here,” she offers. “I can make you a new identity. You could have all the time you need.” Then she smiles meekly. “And I could be here for you.”

Even if she doesn’t mean it that way now, you know what will become of it — and rekindling your relationship with Keine is the worst possible thing that could happen right now. She’s been a big help, and your only reliable ally, but the time has come for you to leave. It’s a cruel thing to do, but all you can reply with is, “I’ll think about it.”

She insisted on making dinner. It wasn’t very good. You both ate quietly.



You awake with a start, and the first thing you feel is the layer of sweat on your body. You’re still on Keine’s couch. She must have put a blanket on you, and you quickly throw it off with annoyance. The blanket is why you were sweating — not the gory and tormenting illusions that have relentlessly hounded your conscious and unconscious mind. Those had nothing to do with it at all. You’re fine now, or so you tell yourself.

After dinner, you remember that you laid back down on the couch while Keine graded papers like usual. She didn’t say much — mostly self-directed murmurs of discontent at a student’s progress. You were supposed to feign sleeping until she went into her bedroom to prepare for the full moon, and then slip out unnoticed. Instead, judging from the pale light flowing into an otherwise pitch-black room, it seems you actually did drift off for several hours. That puts you in a far more vulnerable position. Getting caught by normal Keine would be annoying, but a Keine influenced by the full moon would be a disaster.

You slowly lift yourself from the sofa and creep across the living room. Your light feet are an incredible boon in times like this. Step by careful step you make your way to the door and grab her spare slippers; you didn’t have any shoes when you came here, so you’ll have to steal a pair of hers. Fortunately, her feet are pretty large for a woman — and yours are slightly on the small side — so it isn’t much of a squeeze.

“I knew you would try leaving.”

Your body freezes like you might as well have been caught robbing her blind. Your first thought is to throw yourself through the door and hope she’s still ashamed enough of her condition to not follow you into the streets, but you know damn well she would stop you before it even reached that point.

There’s no choice but to turn and behold a tall, hardened woman with skin so pale it seems to glow when bathed in the light of the full moon. Her normally straight-and-proper blue hair has become a messy, light green mane, and her irises are saturated with a piercing crimson. Two wickedly-sharp horns extend from the top of her head and curve inward toward each other like a bull — or a demon.

It’s the worst possible outcome.

“So strange,” she continues, slowly taking steps toward you. “I relied on you so much back then, on nights like these. Yet, only when I try to help you in turn do you run away. You are a difficult man to comprehend, even when I can so clearly see you.”

Her tone is totally different. She isn’t sweetly considerate or lightly scolding you. Instead, Keine is ice cold. This isn’t another personality or identity of hers — as if it would be that simple. Instead, the powers she gains on the full moon grant her insight that changes her inside and out. When you both were younger, she would fly into a rage and lash out against those unfortunate enough to witness the spectacle, but now she channels her ability into a bitter, calculating persona. Of course, your own influence might be to blame for that.

“Gawking?” she asks, as she stands above you. “It has been a long time since you’ve seen me like this.”

Indeed it has. From this angle, the dark green robe she has loose draped on her body offers her little — if any — modesty. Her sizable breasts are unbound, with nipples just barely covered. Despite the tantalizing sight, the real eye-catcher is the wild patch of thick, green pubic hair that seems to integrate seamlessly with the bushy tail peeking out from beneath her robe.

Finally you feel like you can move and speak, so you stand up. “You’re a beautiful woman, Ke—”

“Silence.”

Never mind. Her red eyes peer into your own. This piercing gaze is what you recognize as her “searching” through history — your history, at the moment. Any record of you, or rather, any public perception of you and how it came about is now within her grasp.

Keine blinks. Then, she sighs. “I’m so beautiful, and yet you flee without anywhere to go. I won’t be having that.”

The faintest grin crosses her lips, but to you it might as well be a living nightmare. “Keine, I can’t stay here,” you tell her. “I don’t know how, but I’m going to fight this. You of all people should understand that there’s a dark side to this city’s history that even you can’t see. My life is over. There’s no use in dragging you down with me.”

Keine’s eyes drift downward. She’s smart enough to know what you’re saying is true. All she has to do is come to terms with it and let you go. And you know she has a strong enough heart to do that now. You smile in a rare display of consideration, and then turn to leave.

But then something crashes into the back of your head and knocks you to the ground.

“I understand perfectly well,” you hear Keine say. “But you don’t.”



You aren’t the type of person to close your eyes and hope that this is all a dream, but lately you’ve been doing that more and more.

However, eventually you have to open your eyes and face reality:

You just aren’t that good with women.

The sensations set in. Something hot and heavy is on top of you, straddling your bare crotch. The raw, hot feeling of being inside someone is strangling your dick, and you can feel her coarse hair rubbing against your own.

“Keine,” you croak, “why are you doing this?”

Her flushed face and moist, red eyes look down on your own. “Because,” she replies before a satisfied moan, “you wouldn’t.”

Your first instinct is to free yourself, but the feral grip of her large, clawed hands on your shoulders make that impossible. You have no idea where your gun is — as if that would matter. The trigger she has her finger on is far deadlier.

In a vain attempt to take your mind off your genitals, you glance around Keine’s bedroom. The dim repository of both old, dusty scrolls and new, hardcover books reminds you of her room in school — in fact, you wouldn’t be able to tell it was a bedroom if it weren’t for the small bed tucked into the corner, beyond stacks of books and papers. It appears her fanatical reading habit hasn’t lessened despite her new job as a schoolteacher. On her wall, you notice her three treasures, replicas of a legendary sword, mirror, and orb.

Keine slams down on your waist particularly hard, sending a jolt of pleasure through your body that you try to shut out. You’re not going to let yourself enjoy this. It’s all too fucked up.

Whatever’s happened to Keine to cause this, you have to talk her out of this. “Is this what you’re going to do to our history?” you beseech her, staring her straight in the eyes. “Does our friendship mean nothing to you any more?”

Keine’s nails sink deeper into your shoulders, and you feel blood start to leak out. Her lips draw close to your ear as she murmurs through erratic grunts and moans, “I’m doing this for our friendship. I’ll create our new history myself — and it’ll start with our child!”

The weight of her body becomes even heavier, forcing you into the floor as she grinds her hips into yours with all instinct and no grace. Your member is imprisoned by the tight grip of her sex — never allowed to stray far from the entrance to her womb.

She’s dead serious. It’s hard to even recognize her as she desperately bounces up and down on you, trying to milk a kid — and a family — out of you. “You’ve completely succumbed to your beast side,” you tell her. “You’ve become the monster you fought against all your life.”

Her hands move to your throat — but not tightening yet. “Be quiet,” she warns you, before switching to a pleasure-drunk smile. “I love you.”

Hearing those words from you makes your stomach churn. “I never doubted Kotohime loved me in her own twisted way,” you reply bitterly. “Not even at the very end. This isn’t lo—”

Keine’s hands tighten, crushing your voice. “Shut up,” she demands, her red eyes lights up. “And love me.”

She’s really going to do it. There’s no more reaching her with your words. Instead, you’ll have to reach her with your actions. Your hands are free, so you wrap your arms around her smooth back, causing her to respond with a hopeful “Ah?”

Then you pull her down into your crotch, thrusting into her with your hips as you do so, elliciting a honeyed moan from the beast. WIth gooey eyes she attacks your face, slipping her tongue into your mouth and thrashing it about wildly. You can feel — and then taste — the salty tears on her face.

It all makes you want to vomit.

You lurch forward, causing her to release her hands and let you reverse your positions. Now you’re on top, looking down into her gleeful eyes. “It worked,” she remarks between unstable laughter. “I can’t believe it. We can finally be together.”

You slam your hips into hers, trying to match the ferocity with which she attacked you. Every mental faculty is spent maintaining a hold on your ejaculate as she cries out again and again. Her juices leak from her body and drip down your manhood, then your thighs, as you rock back and forth trying to satisfy her as quickly as you can before you lose your grip on yourself.

Releasing now would mean releasing your very being. Past that point, there would be no helping Keine — or yourself. The history of being a family would be set, and you aren’t even sure whether or not that would be a bad thing. There would be no more Kotohime, no more conspiracies, and no need for atonement. You would be placed into whatever storybook fantasy Keine wanted, and probably be much better off than the alternative.

“I’m cumming!” you tell Keine, as you speed up the pace of your thrusts.

Her legs wrap around your backside, drawing you in even closer. Her claws rake against your back. “Me too!” she replies. “I love you so much!”

You charge into her as hard as you can, penetrating as deep as possible as she begins to climax. Her muscles twitch and converse, while her nails dig painfully into the back of your shoulders. She gasps for breath uncontrollably, face burning red, as her eyes well over with tears.

Then she releases, and you pull out.

The only fluids trailing off your member, however, are her own. You successfully restrained yourself.

So you rise, grab the round mirror from her wall, and bring it down as hard as you can on top her head. Then again, and again, and again — until all that’s left of the mirror are bloody shards.

You look down on her body, now unconscious and covered with a mixture of sweat, blood, and sex. There isn’t much time before she recovers, so you hurriedly find your clothes, and then your gun, and rush out of her bedroom.

As you go out the front door, you convince yourself that you don’t hear sobbing. 
 Hatate Himekaidou used all her restraint to keep from smashing the screen of her computer. She had been in the newsroom for nearly three days in a row, ignoring the need for her to sleep or eat — or shower. It was not the first time she had done so since becoming an intern at TNN, the highest-rated news station in Gensokyo. Her record for staying at work — 63 hours 50 minutes and 29 seconds, she timed it herself — was not far off, and of course, her request for overtime pay would be denied. They always were.

Only the scent of roasted coffee relaxed her. A steaming cup had been placed by her keyboard while she focused on the screen. Hatate sucked the black drink down in three big gulps. The burns were a small price to pay for relieving the headache that had been building up in her skull for the past hour. Her throat would heal fast, anyway.

“Rough couple of nights, huh?”

Only one person bothered to make coffee or conversation for Hatate. Despite this, Hatate felt no need to turn around and address her superior directly. “I’m busy working — on your story, Aya.”

“You’re working too hard,” Aya Shameimaru insisted.

“I’m working for you.”

Hatate bit her tongue as soon as the words left her mouth. She meant to say “because of you.”

Aya put her slender hands on Hatate’s thin shoulders. “Now this is a surprise. Is that loyalty I hear in that sweet voice of yours?” she cooed in one of Hatate’s long ears. “I always thought you were attached to work, but was it me you were attached to all this time?”

Hatate shook Aya’s hands off and stood up indignantly, more than willing to let her complaints ring out through the entire newsroom. “Wh, who would attach themselves to a dumbass like you?! I’ve pretty much rewritten this whole shit-fucking article from scratch! Did you even learn how to write before you became a journalist?”

However, the other computers were all empty. Hatate glanced down at the clock display on her screen. The time was approaching three-thirty in the morning, and the two crow tengu were the only ones in the office — probably the whole building. She hadn’t even realized.

Aya, who stood half a head higher than Hatate, rustled her assistant’s greasy hair with one hand and didn’t show any interest in scolding her — or pointing out that an intern’s job was to rewrite their supervisor’s shitty stories. “I like your sharp tongue,” she said, “even if everyone else hates you for it.”

Aya’s touch balanced out Hatate’s mood, so she returned to her state of persistent, weary sourness. “Fuck you and fuck them,” she remarked as she dropped back into her seat. “I just want to get the news out to the humans and out of my hair.”

Not that it was much news in the first place. Hatate was editing a fluff piece about a new human school being built and its young teacher — a filler, “feel-good” story that would pop up at the very end of a broadcast.

“Bullshit,” Aya replied with a smirk. “I know what you’ve been up to.”

Although she was strictly told “no sleuthing” by her long-nosed superiors, Hatate couldn’t help herself. This teacher had big breasts and a nice face, Hatate thought, but something about her was off — and that turned into fifty hours picking apart her records looking for something, anything that might give this story some spice and satisfy her hunch. However, the teacher and her entire family were completely spotless — bizarre, Hatate thought, but there was nothing she could do. In the end, she was reduced to trying to make this dreck both readable and interesting before the deadline later that morning.

“If you really cared, you would’ve brought me some food from the convenience store,” Hatate grumbled.

Aya laughed. “There’s a limit even to my generosity. After all, you didn’t find anything. That’s why sometimes you gotta stop investigating and start slinging shit around until something sticks.”

Her words stung, but Hatate knew it was what she deserved. After all, as a self-proclaimed “psychic detective,” she had failed — again. Nevertheless, Hatate retorted, “Isn’t that method why your newspaper was canceled in the first place?”

But Aya took no offense. Instead, she placed one foot on Hatate’s desk to stand proudly and declare to the empty office, “They can take away my Bunbunmaru, but they can’t take away the truth!!”

It was a display of Aya’s distinct lack of shame — since she was wearing a short, black skirt and nothing else in terms of legwear. Hatate mentally noted that her panties were white before she replied, “Spoken like a true tabloid writer.”

But, it was because of that tabloid writer that she even had a job there in the first place.

Aya stepped off the desk and stretched. “Well, I better leave you to it. I just thought I’d check up on you.”

Hatate smirked despite herself. “That’s very cute, Aya. I know you’re just interested in the deadline.”

Aya shrugged. “Maybe, maybe not. I like to keep you guessing.” She moved to leave. “Later, Hatate.”

“Good riddance,” Hatate called after her, before returning to her screen.

But the focus wouldn’t come. Aya’s little visit had distracted her weary, floaty brain and she needed something to ground herself with.

So, she listened closely. Then, she looked around. With Aya gone, Hatate was now the only person in the building. There was a box of tissues nearby. It wasn’t the first time she had been in this situation — when her body was so tense and her mind so gone, that only one thing could get her back to form.

Hatate pulled her panties and skirt down — releasing a wave of her own unwashed odor that she couldn’t help but delight in. Fortunately, there were cubicles between her and the entrance. Although that meant anyone walking in wouldn’t see her immediately, it also meant that she wouldn’t see them. She had enough time to pull her skirt back up if someone did come in, but only if she heard them.

After taking one final look around the office, Hatate sat down on her chair and leaned forward while arching her back. She moved her slender fingers — slowly — down her own backside and into the crack of her ass. She prodded her asshole with her middle finger, but it was stubborn.

Hatate had only recently began teasing her asshole after tiring of her usual routine. It was a discovery so recent that she still felt a powerful sense of shame from the act itself — which of course, was a huge turn-on. That was why masturbating with her asshole in the office would be a quick release, she hoped.

After pushing away the final dissenting voice in her head, Hatate took a deep breath and wrenched her middle finger into her body. A mix of pain and pleasure filled Hatate’s insides and went straight to her brain, releasing something between a gasp and a moan from her throat. Warm blood divided itself between her face and her nethers, and her other fingers dug into her skin.

Hatate didn’t start moving immediately, but instead took a moment to ride the initial feeling. She could already feel herself getting wet; her body had been craving this for a while. Then, she began stroking her insides with a careful rhythm. By this point, it was all pleasure — as long as she didn’t go any deeper or pull out. For a few minutes, she kept this going while keeping her moans in check.

“Looks like you’re taking a break.”

Hatate froze, and looked behind her. Aya stood there, arms crossed, with a huge grin. Panic set in, and she tried to pull her finger out of her asshole, but it clenched and held on. Hatate groaned, and before she could do anything else, Aya rushed over and held her.

“Easy, easy,” Aya whispered soothingly in Hatate’s ear. “You don’t want to hurt yourself. Take a deep breath. Relax.”

Hatate did so, and she managed to remove her finger without too much painful resistance. Tears pooled in her eyes as she collapsed to the floor. She never checked to see if Aya had actually left, and now her supervisor — someone she might have dared to call her only friend — had caught her in this embarrassing state. Her mind was simply too exhausted to process it, so all she wanted to do was curl up in a ball and cry.

Aya, however, was completely sympathetic, and kept holding Hatate. “It’s alright,” she told her. “Please, don’t be upset. After all, do you think I haven’t done the same thing?”

Hatate stared at her. She wasn’t quite sure if she was hallucinating or not.

“Let me see your hand,” Aya continued. When Hatate tried to offer her clean hand, Aya swatted it away. “Not that one.” Then she grabbed the hand Hatate had been pleasuring herself with only seconds before, looked at it, and then stuck Hatate’s middle finger into her mouth. Hatate watched with wide eyes as Aya took the finger in her mouth to the base, played with it a little using her tongue, and then pulled it out of her mouth. “A raw smell, but a clean taste,” Aya remarked, licking her lips. “I guess you would be clean if you don’t eat a lot, huh? You always were so petite.” Then she looked right into Hatate’s eyes. “So lovely.”

Hatate could barely keep track of what was going on, but she felt like she had to leave. She tried to stand up, but tripped on her panties and skirt that were still around her ankles. She caught herself on the table.

But before Hatate could stand up, Aya pushed her down on the table and bent her over one of the wide tables the interns shared. “That’s a good position,” Aya remarked, spreading Hatate’s ass apart. “Keep it that way, will you?”

Hatate didn’t realize what Aya meant until she felt something distinctly foreign slip into her asshole. She turned back to look, but Aya held her down with one arm — a testament to just how much she overpowered Hatate. “A, Aya, what are you doing?” Hatate finally croaked. “Someone might—ah!”

Aya took the opportunity to slip a second finger inside. “Don’t worry,” she assured her assistant with a wide smile. “I locked the doors. We have this time all to ourselves. So enjoy it.”

Two fingers were more than enough to keep Hatate from forming words. All she could do was moan and groan as Aya pumped her fingers inside her asshole. It was such a stronger sensation than when Hatate did it herself — and she had absolutely no control over it. Every few seconds, Aya would dig in and part her fingers, which would make Hatate yelp. Her ass started to burn from Aya’s fingerwork, and tears kept streaming down Hatate’s red-hot face.

Then Aya’s fingers stopped, and Hatate thought it might be over. Aya laughed. “Well now, Hatate, you really are making a mess. You’re dripping on the floor.” Aya bent down to inspect Hatate’s oozing sex, all without removing her fingers from her asshole. “I have to say, this is impressive. I always knew you would be petite, but you’re practically bald.” Hatate gasped as Aya stuck her nose in and took a big whiff. “Ah, it smells better than I ever could have dreamed. Your asshole is really tight, but it looks like I could have a lot of fun down here. It really is a perfect pussy, Hatate.”

Hatate didn’t know how to respond. She still couldn’t believe it was happening. For all she knew, she had passed out at her computer and was having a nightmare. That was far more pleasant than confronting whatever this was.

Then she felt something enter her, that she had never felt before. It was wide, thick, and slimy. When Hatate heard Aya’s muffled moans, she realized what was happening: Aya was eating her out. And this, she did with the same vigor as her fingers that continued to dig inside her asshole. The two different sensations, the confusion, and the shame all wore on Hatate’s mind, as something began to build up deep inside her. “Please, Aya!” she called out. “I can’t, I don’t, I—”

But Hatate’s words fell apart as Aya’s tongue and fingers only moved fiercer and fiercer. Aya even used her other hand to rub Hatate’s clit, adding another layer to the chaos. Each movement contributed to a knot that tightened and tightened within Hatate, until it finally exploded, releasing seething waves that overwhelmed her. Even as her nethers throbbed, Aya did not relent, and Hatate felt her mind erode away under an immense weight she had never felt before.





When Hatate came to, she noticed that a small puddle of drool had formed on the table. She didn’t feel Aya inside her anymore, but her nethers ached. She turned around just in time to be blinded by a short flash, and a loud click — that sound of a shutter closing.

“Ah, beautiful,” Aya remarked, as her camera printed out the undeveloped picture. “It’s even better that your face is in it. You’re quite a sight, Hatate. I think I’m going to start calling you my beautiful assistant—no, I think ‘partner’ has a better ring to it.”

Hatate’s greasy hair was ruffled, she felt red and hot all over, and her own fluids stuck to the inside of her thighs. She pulled herself off the table, but her legs were too shaky to support even her own meager weight. Even in her dazed state, however, she recognized what that picture meant. “Aya, that picture, you can’t—”

“I know,” Aya cut her off. “This picture is for my own pleasure, I assure you. I would never think of showing it to anyone else. After all, I’d like to think this commemorates our new relationship. We aren’t just co-workers, or even friends, Hatate. We’re partners now. And I think it will stay that way for a long time. Don’t you agree?”

Not like this.

Aya looked at the undeveloped photo fondly. “Well, thanks for the memory, Hatate. Hopefully we can make more soon. I’ll let you get back to work, for real.”





Later that morning, TNN bustled with the other tengu Aya Shameimaru was disgusted to call co-workers. She sat at her computer, mindlessly checking her emails while the others chatted about whatever dry, shallow garbage they felt like regurgitating at each other.

But Aya stopped when she noticed someone hesitating behind her. She knew who it was, but she wanted to make her get her attention.

“A, Aya.” Hatate spoke up after half a minute. Her voice broke and she hated herself for it.

Aya turned around and crossed her legs. “Ah, if it isn’t my beautiful partner. Do you have something for me?”

Hatate thrust the story at Aya’s chest. “It’s done.”

Aya took the papers, then glanced at the clock on her computer. “Just in time. I was starting to worry that you might have been too distracted to get anything done.”

Hatate took a deep breath. Her cheeks were warm. “I managed.”

Aya skimmed through the papers, and then looked up at Hatate. Her face was even paler than usual, and her eyes were a bit swollen and red. Aya could tell she was trying to focus anywhere else but on her. She would even fidget with herself every few seconds. When Hatate dared to peek at Aya’s face, she found herself meeting her dark eyes and twitched.

It all made Aya feel very good. She flashed Hatate her biggest grin. “It looks like shit, but I’ll accept it. Well then, great work, etcetera etcetera.”

Hatate nodded. “Okay.” Then she kept looking at Aya.

Aya let the silence drag on for a few seconds before she finally spoke up. “Was there something else, Hatate?”

There were many things, but Hatate no longer had the voice for them. “I don’t need to go home and sleep,” she muttered. “Just give me the next story.”

Aya watched her for a moment, and then nodded. “Of course. The truth doesn’t wait for us, after all! Onward to the next droll happening in the village, partner.”

Hatate thought about the truth.

But all she wanted to do was work.
"You know what the dumbest thing of all this is?"

"Well, yes." Satori, of course, did know.

"Shut it." Snorting, Reimu continued, "It's that I'm getting more donations in the last month than I've gotten in the past, well..."

Satori helpfully boomed, "Ever?"

"Y'know, if you didn't literally know, I'd ram this gohei some place painful."

Looking amused, she teased,"Yes, I realize. Not that you truly need a reason, yes?" Satori let out more of a chuckle than any other chuckle could dream of being.

Letting out a long sigh, Reimu sipped at the tea, mulling over that particular happening in an especially exposition-friendly manner. She never expected her shrine (as well as a considerably larger area behind it) to be half-obliterated what felt like yesterday. The past month had gone by in a blur after all was said and done. Of course, she wasn't expecting someone to actually make up for destroying the shrine. Or, well... someone in their stead, anyways.

"Utsuho is a daughter to me; it is only right that I make amends for her transgressions."

"You say that, but I'm pretty sure you didn't bother the first time."

"The first time you received a free spring, even if by chance. I deemed that recompense enough for what little she actually ended up doing."

Of course, that they are building the new shrine at the bottom of the crater, on top of the now inert... thing was all the more surprising. However, with the newly installed skylight letting the sun into the underground, Reimu was just happy to not have to worry about having a place to live. In the meantime, they have been living together, as the shrine is still less complete than the one left behind. Only reason she cared enough to leave was that Reimu understood the power of the elements, after all.

"Unyuu!" Satori's pet Okuu chose that time to announce her presence in her unique way. "I'm home~ And I have eggs!" Always eggs around this place, it felt like. Reimu swore that the birdbrain was more chicken than hell raven sometimes, not that it mattered.

Satori sent that smile of hers to her favorite bird, getting Reimu to avert from it and Okuu to grin nice and wide. "Good girl, Okuu. The shrine should be done within the month at the pace you've made." Reimu wasn't in what she'd call a rush, so Okuu building it more or less by herself was fine. Living in a palace was, unsurprisingly, like living in a palace.

It had rooves that didn't leak!

Floors that didn't creak like a growl and bite like a splintery wolf!

Walls that weren't layered in the battle scars of her daily life!

A bathroom that wasn't a shrub; in fact, several such not-shrubs!

Room enough to not have to listen to the Inchling's snoring!

Rooves that didn't leak!

"You thought that twice." Satori was obvious in her amusement at the inwards gushing of her wife-to-be. After all, Reimu maintained that stony glare the whole time.

"It bears repeating."

"Unyuu?" Not long after Okuu turned those two red eyes dripping with innocence on Reimu did the shrine maiden's hand suction to the bird's scalp. "Ehe~" Of course, her weird chest eye was in Satori now, leading to the bird apparently needing an eyepatch. Well, until the glass eye was finished, anyways. The bird missed her eyeball for some reason, apparently. Reimu figured it probably had something to do with it being shiny, as otherwise it'd be odd that a bird would want a giant eyeball glowering at them.

"Good girl." Okuu's grin turned all the brighter. The void that Aun had left in her regular absence had largely been filled in by the bird of late. As such, the maiden was deprived of any source of adorability for a time.

For all of a day, that is.

With half a shrine, it wasn't as if Reimu could simply stay there, after all. She had to find a place to stay, and Satori offered. Reimu wasn't one to turn down genuine generosity, so she accepted with only token resistance.

"That was by no means token resistance. You were positively jumping for joy."

"Shut it."

This got Okuu to pout, not to mention join the conversation. "Master is nice. You should be nice to Master."

Satori took to gently ruffling the bird's softer feathers. "Do not worry for me, Utsuho; Reimu is as cute as you if one peels back the grumpier layers. Why, at least 10% of her is half as sweet as you."

"How much is that?"

"She's like a jawbreaker with a licorice center. Hardest on the outside, but once one bites through the hard candy coating, she is soft—" Okuu's stomach rumbled, to which Satori could only let out a sigh. "No, I am not saying that she is tasty." Satori fixed her pet with a pout, smacking her on the forehead with a finger.

"Owie!" The bird rubbed her forehead, her eyes moistening as they looked down at her master.

"How many times must I tell you that eating people simply will not do? If you must, at least do not choose someone still alive. She may be soft in that center, but that coating likewise menaces with spikes.

"Unyuu?!"

Reimu let out a snort. "I do not menace with spikes."

"Those needles say otherwise." Her words earned a second snort, as well as a roll of the eyes. "[/b]Now, allow me to work on breakfast. We've a big day today, and a nice meal would do us a world of good.[/b]" With that, Satori rose from her chair, Orin crawling out from under the table with a yawn. If not for what Reimu knew of their relationship, she might draw completely wrong conclusions.

It did help that Satori had cheated on her with the Mountain Goddess and the Amanojaku. Sure, there were more than one of each, but there were only one of each deserving. And, honestly, Reimu didn't mind watching, either; she honestly enjoyed watching Satori ram that third leg of hers into them both. Of course, she knew she was supposed to be upset, but why bother trying when the other party was a mind reader anyways? The both of them got what they deserved, what with all the headaches of late basically being one long series of Moriya Shrine stupidity.

And, beyond that, Reimu knew full well the way Satori felt on the matter of that particular incident.

Smirking, Satori teased, "Goodness, a mind reader? Here in the bowels of the earth? How dreadful a power..." She chuckled at the way Reimu rolled her eyes, before saying, "Not that you are wrong. It is no secret that I do not like that woman."

Satori retrieved a giant egg larger than her head from the basket large enough for just the one, and then placed it in a bowl. That done, she reached for a cleaver and swung across its uppermost tip, severing it with relative ease. Trying to crack an egg of this size would be a difficult task, so she next swung down on the hole in the egg, leaving only a modest slice in the sides of the shell. Its job over, she set the cleaver aside and stuck her thumbs in the gooey egg-hole, now easily able to tear it clean in half, thus allowing the egg's contents to spill into the bowl. With that done, she set the shell aside and retrieved cooking chopsticks to start whisking it up.

She added a fair few mushrooms, already chopped, and a bit of meat as well. The eggs mixed into a yellow slime, she added a bit of salt and pepper, and then looked at it funny.

It burst into flame on the spot, for Satori's gaze matched the intensity of the sun itself.

Reimu only jumped the slightest bit, as it was no small flame. That said, she was growing used to it by this point, though the abruptness still got her every time. That said, Satori was equally amused each and every time; a kindly youkai is still a youkai, after all.

Picking up the egg bowl, she placed a platter on top of it, followed by flipping it. Next, she slammed the platter and bowl onto the counter, then picked up the bowl-turned-lid, setting it aside. What was left was more egg than the lot of them could eat. Well, if not for Okuu. Okuu would eat more than her fair share if there were eggs involved. It was simply what that bird did when she saw the oval things.

With that, their meal was served. It had enough egg to it for four and, if Satori's prayers were to be answered, a fifth as well. Well, so long as Okuu were among that count, anyways.

UuAuU

"I still don't see why you have a wedding dress shop." Reimu was thankful for it being a thing, but why it was one was another question entirely.

The spider huffed her best, clearly taking offense. "Well, who else would do it down here?"

"I mean, I could easily just fly through the big hole in—" Reimu found herself cut short.

Yamame leaned towards Reimu with narrowed eyes. "Well, who else would do it down here?" Even Reimu didn't want to pressure that apparent sore spot.

Satori let out her battlecry of a chuckle, being far more willing to do so. "I see you've still a trauma there."

"What trauma." It wasn't a question, for the spider wanted no answers. She left out the mark denoting it to be the case, as such.

Satori released a great wind more often referred to as a sigh. "A question is still a question, in the end."

Completely ignoring the mindreader, much to her amusement, she continued, "So, wedding dresses!" She motioned to her wide selection, full to the brim with as many dresses as she could imagine. Very wide, indeed, and very much so a lovely distraction from the itchy wounds she had suffered more or less a month ago.

Rolling her eyes, Reimu got to looking through the less gaudy, less webby, less sheer wedding dresses. The ones of more traditional Eastern design, in particular. "...Why are there nothing but Western dresses?" Of which there were none.

Yamame echoed, "Eastern dresses?"

"Eastern dresses, yeah."

"Didn't know that was a thing." Reimu just stared at the spider flatly. "Well, I didn't! What, do you expect me to find some sort of time manipulating pocket watch and travel back in time to tell myself?"

Satori chimed in with the force of a gong, "That exists, actually."

"Well, I'm not going to use it. That would just be stupid."

Reimu let out a snort, heading for the door. "I'm going to Alice's place."

"Whoa, hey, hey, don't rush off!" The spider flipped through the air, slipping between threads of silk as only a spider could, and landed directly in Reimu's way. "Just tell me what you need and I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll..." Her mouth hung open, her eyes blank.

Reimu stared a moment, before following a red artery that had been jammed in the spider's skull, finding the heart of the problem not far off. "You know, I could have just told her."

"...I'll I'll I'll..."

Satori chuckled, causing small debris to fall from the rock above. "Yes, but this is not only easier, but more amusing."

"...I'll I'll I'll..."

"You're starting to sound like a goddess, y'know." Reimu was more than a little amused over it.

"...I'll I'll I'll..."

Satori scoffed at the claim. "I'm nothing like her."

"...I'll I'll I'll..."

"Not that particular one, just your average one, really. Still, shouldn't you be pulling that thing out? She's getting annoying with all that 'I'll'ing."

"...I'll I'll I'll—" Reimu smacked her to get her to finally stop droning on.

"Ohh, right." Satori proceeded to pull the artery free of Yamame with a concerningly wet pop.

"—get to work!" Yamame smiled as if nothing had happened. Certainly not another thing that may traumatize one in more ways than one.

Reimu let out a sigh, and proceeded to slap a seal over the hole in Yamame's head, as she was clearly ignoring the bleeding. "Right. Go do that."

Yamame blinked, her golden 'buttons' blinking as well. Normally she was good about avoiding such things, but today was not one of those days. "...Right! Yeah!" That said, she did a backflip, shooting a thick harpoon of web out from under her dress, and began climbing upwards between more than one web-worth of strands. "Ohh, and take her measurements while I get my juices flowing!"

With the two of them now alone, Reimu let out a sigh. Satori had other ideas, however, and started tugging Reimu's neckerchief loose. Reimu paused, before looking to her mind reading husband-to-be as if she were crazy. Satori, on the other hand, was busy pulling Reimu's top over her head.

Reimu had enough, pulling out her gohei and striking the mind reader's head. "Qu-quit that, you." It wasn't often that someone could ek a blush out of the Hakurei Maiden, but Satori had succeeded where others might cause it for different reasons entirely.

Rubbing her head, Satori apologized, "My apologies. I shall strip you with warning next time." She got another lump for her troubles.

"Why the hell are you even stripping me?"

"Why, to measure you, of course."

"Why must I be stripped to be measured??"

"For accuracy's sake. What else?"

Reimu grumbled, though did eventually see some reason. "...Fine."

With consent given, Satori began to gingerly untie the ribbon keeping Reimu's left sleeve aloft, and then let it fall. The other sleeve fell on its own.

Reimu was slightly worried who might have untied the other, but decided not to bother, as she knew she'd rather not know.

Untying binding for the skirt, Satori appreciated the sight as that, too, fell. Reimu then hit her again, earning another chuckle from the mind reader, who was trying very hard to not nurse her injury and keep about her business.

And then her bloomers and fundoshi fell, followed by the sarashi binding her chest.

And then she found herself faceplanting as her shoes were taken off from under her by

"Alright! You have those meas—?" The spider stared at the bottom pointed her way a moment, before asking, "That's a lovely bottom, but why are you presenti—" She didn't get the chance to finish the question, as she got a needle thrown into her neck at that very moment. She then dropped from her web like a lead weight, all but dead.

Reimu swung her gohei about, followed by fixing Satori with a look. She opened her mouth, but Satori was quicker, scolding, "Stop that, Koishi."

Koishi more or less bounced into being out of what passes for surprise for her. "But I was just helping, sis! You don't have to yell!" She had that same fake grin plastered on her face she often had. Or was it a pout? Staring at her was difficult to a degree, as it was like trying to look at a blind spot in your vision.

Satori couldn't help but feel a pang in her heart, as that reminded her of what once was. Her voice went softer, and she said, "You needn't help with such things, sister. I wasn't intending her to be so thoroughly exposed, but was instead merely teasing her a bit."

"Fiiiine!" With that, vanished again.

Reimu just grumbled, tugging up her bloomers up, and then placed her foot on Yamame's forehead.

She yanked the spike free with as much a spidery grunt as her own human one. Yamame was left a bit dazed, not to mention a bit cross-eyed up until she managed to blink it away. "Ohh. I'm alive again?"

"You're alive again."

"Well, good. I'd like to not die today. Now, as for the measurements..." The spider lifted her skirt, and in a flash of yellow, black, itchy and scratchy, Reimu was wrapped in a dozen thin strands of silk. Not that wrapped described the sight well, as they were all but invisible if not for the indentations in the skin. "There we go!" She dropped her skirt and gathered up the handful of strands of silk, before heading up and off.

Satori looked to her wife-to-be, whose smile was gone by this point. Well, her Reimu smile. Reimu's smiles and frowns were very much akin to one another, not to mention the former were liable to become the latter at a moments notice.

And so, she did the simple gesture of pushing her heart into the shrine maiden's hand. The one without the sharp needle, at least. Satori like her third and fourth eyes to wildly differing degrees after all, so she hardly wished for a needle in either.

Reimu didn't look towards her forced lover, and in fact looked further away, what with averting her gaze. Her cheeks reddened just a little, and she gave the heart a gentle squeeze.

Some day Satori might dare tell her how uncomfortable squeezing an eyeball or heart feels, but that day was not today. Today, she simply smiled through the pain.

That, and traded the heart for a hand, now that she was less grumpy. 
Reimu stared down at the completed dress, or at least the bundle of smooth silk that it was wrapped up in. Within, the white, silken wedding dress. But it wasn't that which was within that drew Reimu's gaze so.

"It's not an egg sack, you know." Satori was more than a bit amused by that particular idle thought.

"I know that, but that doesn't change that it looks like one."

"Goodness gracious, if the others knew just how squeamish the Hakurei Maiden is about spiders they'd throw their backs out laughing!" Satori merely chuckled, though her intensity made it more like thunder.

Reimu tore her eyes from what looked nothing like a dress and everything like spiders waiting to happen. Those eyes fixed onto Satori in a flat gaze that would give the mind-reading sun goddess' third eye a run for its money. "You know what'd happen if you tried it." That smoldering hostility vanished in a huff. "...Not worth the effort."

Satori rubbed her chin in thought. "Have you gotten older?"

Reimu took that opportunity to look up from her tea, her flat stare resuming. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"You just seem as if you've age. Are you that stressed by all of this?"

Reimu didn't bother withholding a snort. "Hardly." She wasn't about to say what was on her mind. The mind reader knew full well that she knew she knew, and so it was up to the satori to choose to care.

Satori, for her part, was left as troubled as ever by the reasoning, though knew that speaking on the matter would do nothing for the shrine maiden's mood. She instead decided to change the subject. "Aun is going to be in attendance, it seems. She has finally received the invitation and is on the way."

Reimu deflated a bit into her typical laziness.

Satori frowned, deciding that her wife-to-be needed something to put a bit of pep in her step, and so scooped her up.

This eked a yelp out of the maiden-not-to-be. "Wha??" To say that Reimu was surprised was putting it lightly. "What are you picking me up for?"

Carrying the maiden of red-white garb over more than a few thresholds, Satori answered simply, "Why, I'm going to cheer you up."

This got her a flat look out of Reimu. "You realize telling me weakens the impact."

"Does it? I wouldn't know, at least outside of the feelings of those around me." Ignoring the slight frown that her claim put on Reimu's face, she continued, "Now, allow me to put these breasts to good use."

"Good use...?" After a moment, the red-white added an extra red to her title. "Wait, whose breasts?!"

"You and I know well whose breasts, regardless of your worries for the usage of your own. That would hardly cheer you up, and so that would be something saved for the future."

Reimu's face reddened further as she was dumped onto the satori's bed in anything but a serimonius manner. Another moment passed and the pink western-style bed shifted under the weight of her 'husband'-to-be. That future partner of hers didn't make any motion to touch her, nor did she make an attempt on Reimu's fairly lacking breasts. She simply smiled, allowing Reimu to grow less frazzled, which Reimu knew to be her intent almost as well as the mind reader knew her own. A lot had happened over the last month and a lot had changed after all. After making that outlandish agreement under pouty duress, the two had a lot of things to get used to, especially Reimu, who wasn't used to the summer-like heat of the hellish place Satori called home.

After Reimu had settled down, her heart beating far more steadily, Satori made a move for the pillows, resting her head upon the pile there of.

And then she patted her own 'pillows' in offer, smiling all the while. Reimu was a bit put out by the suddenness, but, after spending enough time staring at Satori's recent addition, she relented and moved herself across the smooth silk. Not enough room on the pillow, it didn't take a genius to figure out what the offer was for. She wrapped her arms about the youkai's waist, at first struggling to reach under her, though found it easier when the mind reader bothered to help her accomplish the goal.

And then that same mind reader returned the embrace, her muscles weak by youkai standards, but more than enough to pull the Hakurei Maiden nearer.

Her view blocked by the softness, though her breathing only slightly impinged, it didn't take long for Reimu to relax.

It also didn't take Reimu long to fall asleep, nor did it take long for Satori to join her, smug smirk or not. 
Today was the day! Not like yesterday, but most certainly like tomorrow! I just need to get free from the pile of bitches I'm covered in! It wasn't the most spacious of caves, after all, and between the cart, the instruments, Kyouko's mega phone thing, the cart because it's big enough to count twice, Mom's new especially doggified self, myself and the three other dogs it was a very tight fit.

And it wasn't helped by the sniffy dog sniffing everyone in turn!

Seriously, there was saying hello, but it was excessive to say hello every hour or two, and doubly so when we never parted ways. What's even the point of that??

After squirming free of the writhing mass of fluff and comfy I headed for the entrance of the cave, stretching and working out my kinks. I still don't get that word, as it's as if it has multiple meanings. Words shouldn't do that; it's confusing for no good reason!

I looked up and found bamboo! And lots of it! I had intended to look at Mr. Sun, but it turned out that the bamboo was still there, just as it always is! Who would have thought that things would be the exact same way they were yesterday?

I spent the next 30 minutes or maybe forever hopelessly lost, trying to find my piddle spot, where I liked to, well, piddle!

Which was really weird, as I was following my nose.

Magic forests are really weird.

Eventually I located it, taking a nice, long pee to reaffirm my position as current ruler of that small section of land. It would likely change hands a ton more before I got back, but for now it was mine! May my rule be just and my peeing be frequent!

That out of the way, I began to float up and out of the forest. They really need to make the forest more lost if they want to keep you in. Or maybe the forest is itself lost? But where would the forest be trying to go? Is the forest able to move on its own? I know that there's lots of weird things in this place, but a forest with legs would be a bit much.

Stopping in my air-tracks and looking at the ground, I asked, "Mr. Forest, do you have legs?" The only answer I got was silence. Maybe he's embarrassed? Then again, I do pee all over him, so I guess that's my fault. "I'm sorry, Mr. Forest! I can't contain my pee forever, and you just happen to be the closest receptacle these days!"

"What the hell are you talkin' about...?" Ohh, that sounded like the angry lady!

Spinning on my heel to face her, I smiled down at her. "Hi, Angry Lady!"

"...Hi." She was smoking again. And not in the smelly stick way, but in the sense that she herself was probably recently on fire.

She's weird, so I wouldn't put it past her.

"How are you today?" I landed for the express purpose of beaming up at her, still minorly impressed by the sheer height of her. She's as tall as she is angry, and boooy is she angry!

"Feelin' better."

"You were feeling bad?!" Ohh no! Feeling bad is bad!

"Well, I was more punching the shit out of bad. Guess you could count that?"

"Ohh." I let out a little shudder once I realized just what she said. "...Eww."

"Not literally."

"Ohh." I still don't really get why people do that. "...Good!" My beaming smile returned, and it redoubled when she started patting me on the head. She's nice like Reimu! ...Also as often as Reimu, but still! Nice is nice! You can't eat nice after all. It tastes so gross!

"Still, aren't you usually asleep right now? And kinda flanked by your band or whatever?"

"Yeah!"

She let out a little snort. "Why aren't you?"

"Because I'm usually sleeping right now!" It was really hard to get used to, but making music is fun. Although, something tells me she already knew that.

She let out a snort, this time shooting a small puff of smoke. "Right. And why aren't you sleeping?"

"Reimu's getting married! But, umm..." I leaned in, whispering, "Don't tell anybody, though. "

That got her going from her ever annoyed look to just plain confused. "Say what?"

"What." I hope I get some scritchies for this!

"No, I mean..." The angry fire woman let out a sigh. "With who?"

Giving her a big smile, I answered, "Monk!"

Now she just blinked a bit, looking lost. Good job, Mr. Forest! "...Who?"

"She reads minds!"

Once more she looked surprised. "The satori? Never took Reimu for a Youkai lover."

I gave her a nice big head tilt. "But her old shrine was bursting at the seams with them?"

"Huh. Guess you have a poi-"

Suddenly a moderately pretty lady kicked her through the bamboo. There were more than a few snaps and crunches, and I don't think they were all the bamboo. "GOD DAMMIT MOKOU! GET BACK HERE!" And then she ran after the still flying woman, acting as if she was running or something.

...Well, that happened!

...What was I doing again? 
 In the Scarlet Devil Mansion, there sits a room of great and extensive opulence. Its ceiling unseen, massive pillars of intricate detailing standing so high as to fade away into darkness; its walls are littered, antique arms and armor forged by smiths of extensive renown, paintings of grand magnificence given life by the brush of artisans, and tapestries woven by only the greatest loom workers of old covering them; and, of course, the carpet approaching the centerpiece of this hall displaying wealth is of such fine make that one could forget they were not flying, to walk upon it indistinguishable from walking upon air. That centerpiece itself, a throne – wrought of only the purest gold, its cushions a luxurious red velvet, its form inlaid with masterfully cut gems in a rainbow of colors, ultimately crowned with a blood-red ruby of staggering size shaped alike a heart. Amidst this display of wealth and power, upon that throne, sat the final treasure contained in this room.

A small girl, with short blue hair, in a much frilled dress stained pink. Leathery black wings curled up behind her, glowing red eyes half-lidded, her petite form sat hunched in this seat more suited to regal bearing and grace, chin upon one hand and the other drumming at an arm rest, long nails each bringing forth a small, metallic 'tink' per impact. Remilia Scarlet, Vampire Queen, idled among what most would call a wondrous sight, this hall of treasures, and she let out a drawn out sigh. She had been in this very position, gazing over every one of these artifacts, these works of masters, for longer than many had been alive. Such finery was at this point more a matter of station and appearance. It did not sate the boredom of long centuries. Indeed, little did, pursuits growing ever more esoteric as time continued to drag on. It might well be that it was time, she thought to herself, to engage in those strange hobbies. Her head began to turn left, and the start to a quick summons got as far as, “Saku–” before her eyes fell upon the maid she desired.

Not there even a moment before, from nothing, the chief maid of the mansion appeared, braided hair of silver framing her face as she stood by her lady's side with a bow, before even her gaze could finish moving. “Mistress Remilia. You required my aid or my time?” The epitome of the elegant maid, her voice spoke of nothing but the desire to serve.

Sakuya's promptness and efficiency could always bring a bright, fanged smile to the face of the young-looking vampire, who waved a hand upwards to bid her stop bowing. “Is anyone interesting expected to show up today?” Even through the obvious, dull boredom suffuse in that question, the lady of the manor's voice came out practically enthralling.

As soon as the question was asked, a book full of timetables and dates phased into being in the hands of the maid, who flipped through its pages, eyeing their contents casually. “If Lady Patchouli is right, we can expect Marisa will be making an attempt on the library again in but a few hours,” she suggested, looking to see what reception this received.

What it received was a hand dragged along a face, pulling at skin in clear dissatisfaction when paired with that shake of the head. “I have fought off that black-white witch with Patchouli no less than three dozen times. I grow tired of patterns of stars and that great beam of hers. Tell her she can have as many of the maids as she wants and, if she's really sure she has the hour down, she can bring Meiling should those tomes truly need to avoid a disappearance of a short few decades.” Orders given with a dismissive wave, the maid was fixed with an expectant look; surely -the- head maid of this mansion knew better what it was Remilia desired?

Without so much as a break, the search through the book had continued, even as one idea was dismissed out of hand. No amount of consultation, however, changed what came next. “I'm afraid then, Milady, that we're not expecting anyone worth your time for any reason.”

A huff actively suppressed turned instead into a silence of several seconds, moment of childish outburst held in check, before Remilia's regretful voice sounded, “Must Gensokyo go so long between incidents? Everything stagnates when fresh troublemakers run scarce. Never mind them, then. What of our own stock? It has been nigh upon half a year since our last brokering brought in a fresh crop of animals, has it not? Surely some of them are adequately trained by now, yes?”

Without careful inspection, one could not immediately discern that Sakuya had conjured another log, the only difference between this leather-bound book and the last the scrawlings contained within. That difference, however, was a considerable one, for where the last held musings on the ebb and flow of Gensokyo, this held instead details far more salacious. “Much better news on this front, Mistress. By Meiling's account, there are several new options available, should you feel in the mood.”

The response to this was quick, and indeed bore excitement, in contrast to all spoken by the ancient child before. “What of that insect, the one Patchouli insisted would become a plague if we actually used it?”

A momentary glance over the book brought about an unfortunate shaking of the head and a perfectly level report. “I'm afraid not. There have been difficulties in controlling it, apparently. A long while yet, she estimates, if ever.”

“It promised to be so interesting, too.” A disappointed click of the tongue came with that just dejected statement, before on Remilia carried, “That horse, then? The eight legged one? Surely it's been receptive, hasn't it?”

No pages could be seen to flip, despite the sound of such coming, and a far more heartening answer was offered, “Quite receptive it seems, yes. Too receptive, even. According to what I have here, we'd run through the whole of the staff in order to sate it, given its size and stamina.”

A high, immensely amused chuckle sounded in time with a radiant grin, the glow in the vampire's eyes brightening alongside their finally unlidding. “Oh. Now that is most promising. A bit difficult to arrange on short notice when I've promised the library an army today, however. Close off the manor in... two weeks. We're to have neither guest nor visitor, and I care not what anyone's business might be. And what is ready today, then?”

A feathered pen suddenly in hand, Sakuya made notes within her tome, nodding obediently in response to the order. “I'll ensure the day proceeds without interruption, Milady. As to more immediate entertainment, the most promising candidates include the feathered serpent, now that its habit of biting has been quelled; the living plant, which seems to have grown quite large under Meiling's care; and that interesting cat with those electrified whiskers.”

Remilia listened to her maid rattle off several recommended choices in respectful silence, trusting in her to provide a suggestion worth her time, and while the first two did hold her interest, it was at the third her ears truly shot up, curiosity piqued. “The cat, you say? I hadn't thought it might do more than amble our halls. It's actually ready for a display right now?”

The question was met with a bow, and the snapping shut of the book full of relevant knowledge. “Indeed, Mistress. It's still rather unruly, truly, but, while it can't be controlled in general, it seems agreeable towards what it is you wish it for.”

With a clap, the diminutive girl rose, turning herself now fully towards Sakuya. “Have Meiling bring it to the usual room at once, and arrange a fairy you feel is appropriate. I'll be waiting. Oh, and I'm feeling parched – do bring something to drink after you've summoned her, will you?” Responding only with a smile, the silver-haired girl quickly vanished, leaving Remilia alone. With a far more refreshed exhale, she set off at a casual stroll through the many, magically altered corridors towards her destination.

The journey took perhaps ten or fifteen minutes, bringing the mansion's owner and head past yet more finery and grandeur, barely even rating a glance. Fairy maids of all shapes and sizes, some almost as small as the lady herself, and only growing smaller, worked upon the path, for a given definition of worked. Few, if any, could even be said to be pretending their pursuits were productive, most instead playing with friends or otherwise amusing themselves; none, however, required more than a simple look to move, should they prove to be in the vampire's way. Her unerring, overpowering gaze parted throngs of useless help effortlessly, ensuring scarcely any effort at all was required to arrive where she wished to, at a pair of large double doors, grasping the oaken wing handles to shove them open with a light touch. They parted slowly, with a creak for their size, until finally revealing one of Remilia's favorite sights in recent times.

Near the edge of the balcony she'd just set foot upon resided a far more modest chair than that excessive throne of hers, simple oak like the door, with precious little adornment upon it. To its side a small, circular table, adorned with a silk covering, bearing a wine bottle and accompanying glass, near full already with a scarlet liquid, its iron scent enticing. Taking her seat and taking a sip, her lips curled in delight at the choice – there was a certain something to the blood of virgin maidens collected under a blue moon. One of the few rarities she could still appreciate all these long centuries later. Setting the glass aside, then, she took to leaning over the railing, peering intently below. Rows upon rows of empty seats sat beneath, arranged in a semicircle around a grand stage with only slightly more life to it. But one other, at the moment, could be found in this private theater, on that very stage, with Remilia's eyes upon her. And already she did not look to enjoy her choice as the day's distraction for an incredibly bored vampire.

One could tell, by the neatly folded maid's uniform, that the fairy presently kept locked within a pillory on center stage was one of the mansion's. One could also tell, by that same uniform, the nature of the show soon to take place. Shivers and shakes wracked the small fae's form, from temperature and tension alike. Weak, thin arms could not pry themselves free of the bonds holding them in place; a jerk of the head, this way and then that, could not so much as rattle her cage, tossing only short, blonde strands of hair around; flight was out of the question, minuscule legs shackled in iron chains of few links, a small hover all that could be managed with an accompanying rattle as intricate, scintillating wings fluttered. The poor thing was truly stuck, helplessly on display, perfectly flat chest rising and falling with each concerned breath, her twists and turns succeeding only in allowing brief glimpses of those adorable, bright pink nipples. Far more easy for the vampire to spot, however, was the petite pussy, seemingly ill equipped for any sort of insertion, yet due for it all the same.

In the midst of these futile attempts to escape, a turn of the head found the unlucky chosen seeing her observer just out of the corner of a bright, green eye. With a voice unsteady and shaking, the fairy dared to ask up, “D-did I d-do something wrong? Wh-why'm I... like this?” Her query met with an answer of only silence, impassive stare growing closer by inches. “Um... Er... M-mistress...” Silence fell for a few seconds, and the fairy had to work to even recall who it was she was technically employed by. “... Remi-Remilia? Hello? C-can you hear me? C-can I b-be let out? Please?” Remilia's expression turned to a half smirk of amusement in response, yet still nary a word came. And as the silence grew, so too did an instinctive, primal fear within the restrained. “U-um, um... uh... If I can't, er, I–”

The step of a foot, ringing clear over the fairy's stammered pleas, brought silence to all else. Another, and then another – strong, slow, purposeful steps which brought closer another source of sound, far more malicious. Low snarls and the click of something not quite a foot upon the wooden ground of the stage. Crane and twist as she might, the naked fairy could not see behind her to what approached; though, to see it would not have eased the whimpers that began to grow in time with its closing. From behind a large, red curtain came first Meiling, hands upon a thick leather leash, dragging something along through nothing but her own strength, for whatever it was clearly fought her on this matter. Nevertheless, she outclassed it, and its fight was for naught, as the beast was brought into the dim light of the stage without much further delay. And beast, certainly, it was.

The head which came into view suggested at first an armored creature, almost as if covered in craggy, jagged plates facing backwards – out of these peered eyes with vertical, slit-like pupils in blue sclera, narrowed sharply as those of a predator. Its further exposure revealed, beneath those plates that continued all along its back, a coat of fur in a deep shade of yellow well speckled with spots of brown. Upon four powerful legs it strode, each protected similarly to its head and back, until they ended in four talons, sharpened to such points they looked able to disembowel by accident; each step it took was less fought for by Meiling and more its own, as its intended destination became clear, the offering being made to it understood. One might almost call the motion of its two whiskers – more like tendrils than anything – excited, as sparks and small jolts of electricity arced along them. It came to match its wrangler, first beside her and then quickly ahead of her, sniffing at the air while a tail more scale than fur perked up and curled. Given its enthusiasm, the martial artist let go of the leash now, offering the beast free reign of center stage. Nodding once to the manor's owner, she hopped back and out of sight then, leaving her to the show about to unfold.

The fairy, of course, could see none of this at the moment. She could, however, hear just how guttural and primal that growl coming from right behind her was, and it certainly worked to make her own breathing quite labored, droplets of sweat forming in droves, running along and down her body as the beast circled slowly, eyeing its prize. From a leg it started, appraising the scent of the diminutive, childish girl before it; along her side it prowled, its investigation continuing, face brushing up against slowly wetting skin, naught but growing terror subduing the fairy's own jolt of sudden movement; then, much though the prey hoped not to have to view the predator, the strange cat rounded to her head, and eyes locked. The poor girl froze, but for those eyes, which shrunk at once to pinpoints. Breathing ceased as she started at it, and it stared right back, a beast easily twice her size, with open, deadly jaws slavering. Evidently, this offering pleased it; and with her first cry of distress as the dam broke came its first strike.

“Will you be requiring anything else, Milady?” Sakuya asked but a few dozen feet away, on the balcony by a slowly disrobing Remilia, without so much as a hint of concern to her voice.

“Oh, no, I do believe this is just fine, Sakuya. Do enjoy some time off while I enjoy the show.” In tandem with this reply, the maid vanished from the scene again, the vampire's bloomers sank low as the first finger began to twirl around that nub atop her own tiny slit, and the burgeoning scream of panic turned abruptly to one of pain, alongside the crackle of electricity and the crack of something whip-like.

Down on the stage below, an electrified whisker pulled back from the fairy's face, a drop of blood dripping from a gash delivered to the area now smoking. The fairy's visage contorted in pain first, just before slight motions overtook her body – a finger suddenly flexing or a toe abruptly twitching, indiscernible from reactions to pain. A potent shriek began, and only got worse, as the beast did not let up: lash upon lash it started to deliver, each harboring not just great force, but plentiful electricity, shaking the abused fairy increasingly. A tendril's smack would resound and knock her pretty face to the side, just in time to meet the other, forcing her back once more and delivering a fresh shock. Faster, the strikes became, restarting the muscle's involuntary motions instead becoming strengthening, whole arms trying randomly to jerk in the stocks, legs chaotically tearing ineffectually at their chains. Every thunderous impact drew with it a new slice across the fairy's cheeks, her body's growing shaking freeing a veritable rain of blood, even as a fairy's immortality and regeneration worked to patch up old slashes. Her face gradually turned purple and black from electrical burns and blood pooling in bruises; her whole form was taken by fits and seizures, every inch of her in disagreement on where it wished to go, one wing wrenching upward as the other drove down, fingers angled in all directions, legs crossing, uncrossing, and knocking against one another. Only when the fervent beating had brought her to the point of essentially seizing did it finally let up, to appraise the state she'd been reduced to.

Where once had been chained a fairy of fair countenance, now before the creature was a girl half to broken, and only kept from that point by the confounding magic which sealed her wounds. Dozens of superficial cuts were fighting over the right to close, and her face had swollen at a number of locales, half obscuring those once bright eyes already darkened substantially, short of life to display. Life, however, was still present, however faint the signs might have been. Her chest still rose and fell, erratic as its pace might be. Over those risen lumps of skin, tears managed to run, droplets meeting the small crimson pool below, dripping through gaps in wood. Her hair was beyond tousled, straight to ruined, strands' ends blackened like the worst beaten areas, the cap to a wild and incoherent mess. The smoldering form still fought, in some way, for its freedom, rattling bonds on occasion – or perhaps those forced movements remained, residual spasms continuing to puppet the fairy's body. Either way, it hardly mattered.

The sight of it all spurred further the vampire, whose dress now lay crumpled next to the chair she was in, and whose wine glass had at some point become empty. Every shaken, rattled wail brought about by the beast's work incited a low moan in Remilia, one delicate finger already having buried itself within her depths, probing for those sensitive spots she – and she alone – was familiar with. At the same time her other hand lay upon a bud of a breast, those nigh-nonexistent lumps all she would ever have or need. Knead she did, squeezing at it and pressing against it as a pair of fingers entwined around a tit, giving it small twists and tugs. Foreplay, all of it, much as the actions of the magical creature below; she would appreciate this slowly, and her latest pet was expected to oblige her, one way or the other. Willingly, it would, judging by where it made for first.

The electrified monster stood before its victim's head for a very specific reason – for that was where it would begin. Not merely with the whipping, naturally, for all throughout its frenzy, a fire had been building down below, its violence mere prelude. Protruding from its underbelly, having come to full hardness amidst the fairy's suffering, was a member colored in a deep red. Its length was plenty enough to stand longer than all but the best endowed of humans, and in girth it did not fail to impress either, even as it tapered towards its front end; its size alone made it more than concerning for one of such young build, could she even take stock – she could not, for with everything, the fairy's eyes had rolled back in their sockets – but it did not end there. Much as a more normal feline, the back end of its cock was lined with barbs – and much as it was a far more monstrous animal, so too were its sharpened, sparking spines.

When no more aftereffects coursed the fairy's body, twitches stilling, her jaw hung slack in exhaustion, trying desperately to pant, to cry out, to do much of anything at all that was dictated by body, rather than electricity. It had no such chance, however, as the beast hurled itself back upon its hind legs, and then ahead with those. When its front legs again touched the ground with a not inconsiderable crash, it had mounted the stockade – and, by extension, mounted its offering. The fairy had just enough time for her eyes to right and to understand what was in front of her before its first drive forward came, right into that wide open mouth – scarcely open wide enough, it seemed, as even the cock's tip proved a trial. When it failed initially to make much headway, the cat gave a noise halfway between agitated whine and aggravated growl, before its claws rent small holes within the stage's planks as it situated itself with a cacophony of cracks. Grip thus reinforced, it tried once more to enter that entryway which had troubled it, and found it much more amenable, even as the fairy found this heavily disagreeable. Just half its length had managed to force its way into her mouth, and already, her jaw stretched about as wide as was safe, and then just wider still. Dangerously close to dislocating painfully, the warm, wet confines of mouth and beyond were open to it – even only partially buried, its outline could be seen within her small throat, its unwanted stretching nowhere near the worst pain the little thing was expected to endure for her captive audience of one.

So captive was it that even in her arousal, Remilia did not let an eye so much as flutter close to closed, catching every last detail, from the minuscule electrical bursts surging from the base of the shaft, to the lump most would miss at this distance, and even just how the twisting chest of the fairy began to pump less enthusiastically when its source of oxygen was cut off. Each detail she would drink in, and each produced a drink itself – a transparent liquid that leaked out her own muff, two fingers now rooting around within that canal beyond. Briefly they were withdrawn, strands of that lubricant still connecting the pair, raised for her to suckle upon, tasting the sweet nectar of her nethers, its flavor delightful enough to draw out a contented sigh. A glossy, slowly growing pool of it began to collect under her, fingers traced through it before sinking within her once more, their touch sending shivers running up her body. And just as those shivers overtook her, a new sound rose up from the actors on stage – several, even, simultaneously.

When the cat had merely been idling well past her mouth, that had almost been tolerable for the inexperienced fairy – then it began its movement. Its pace, much as all else about it, could be described as bestial, and it cared not for discrepancies in size nor lack of ability in swallowing cock. Its furious motions induced gags and retches, and eyes tired and sunken after a thorough shocking found strength again to widen and water. Supplies of oxygen began to dwindle, with little to no reprieve offered between thrusts more than deep enough to prevent all breath and shake her restraints with great creaks, which was only the beginning. With every re-entry of its further saliva slickened shaft, it found an extra half a centimeter, delving further within an already overtaxed hole, coming alarmingly near where those spines began. Of course, pressing matters of gradual asphyxiation muddled matters of incoming pain – the fairy's head began to grow fainter as need for air grew greater. Thankfully for her violator, however, she merely needed some prodding to maintain her consciousness. The first of its adornments found their way inside of her, delivering small cuts to her fragile lips, alongside the latest round of electrocution. Unfortunately for the one making use of her, however, the shock proved the final straw – as it stole control of her muscles, her mouth attempted to jump away, and the wet sound of its insertion intermingled with the violent crack of her jaw displacing too far. Full out of her mouth it pulled, its next shot missing, and for this failure came an angered cry of attack and its favorite pair of weapons.

As easily as her skin gave way to those electric whips, the fairy's wings proved an even easier target to ruin. Rather than beat her simultaneously, it simply smashed them upon her back once, and began a steady discharge. As she once more thrashed at random, cries of agony muted for want of air, her wings tried to flap along, but found that hard as they bore the brunt of its ire. Energy surged through the wire-thin things, more than they could handle; first chunks began to rip off and float slowly to the stage below, and then they simply overloaded and caught fire, burning from their ends back to her. It was only as they had completely vanished and the flames had begun to lick at her backside that the beast pulled back, beating the burning area to smother the flames. Its toy had failed it, but she would not be getting off easily with death. Having taught its slave her place again, it aimed for where it had been prior; half conscious and still trying to scream uselessly with a broken jaw, she had no chance at all to fight it this time.

Every last inch of its length disappeared within the fairy, for a given definition of disappeared. Her throat seemed grotesquely deformed, and even its sharp growths could be seen to rise just that bump thicker outwards. No sound could pass her lips, so plugged was her mouth – not that she had breath to so much as choke with. Electricity delivered from those barbs straight to the hole assigned to pleasure the overlarge phallus furthered efforts in that regard: the tongue pressed flat was forced by their shocks to move, involuntarily twirling itself as though eager to wring every drop of cum out the hole upon that head, already leaking a disparately sweet stream of pre for the rape ongoing – deeper, muscle contracted with great force, squeezing upon it as though trying to mold itself in the image of its invader. And naturally, it could not end there, for a fairy's flesh was not quite so firm as what the beast evolved to mate with; what should scarcely have drawn scrapes or scratches in the confines of another of its species withdrew red when it soon pulled back. Then it truly began. If it had been bestial before, now the creature was beyond frenetic, driving at its source of pleasure with an unbridled speed as though it bore hatred unending. The more it would thrust, the bloodier its length became, and even as the fairy's face seemed to recover from the earlier whipping and her wings began to regrow, the damage being dealt internally mounted well beyond these wounds. The fae swallowed small bits of herself which tore free and the which flowed from those new holes, heaves attempting to send it all back up with bile and failing entirely. All the while, the fairy's eyes drooped lower, and every stirring of her body, forced or not, began to grow weaker, until it she seemed ready to pass out and collapse, such as she could.
Whether or not she did was hardly important to their spectator, so long as she did not fully expire. That would end this fun little display far too soon, and Remilia was still not nearing her own climax – even as howls from below seemed to indicate at least one of her entertainers was. Nonetheless, though she wasn't close to finishing, she too hastened her ministrations, a trio of fingers spreading herself wide and working within that small opening. From her position above, she had a perfect view of every shake or jolt that overtook the fairy – and each, brought about by pain and overwhelming force, inspired one in reciprocation, of corrupt ecstasy and malefic enjoyment. The noble vampire would never sully herself laying with such a lowly beast, but it was still so very interesting to watch them work, and one couldn't really sully a fairy, now could they? In the midst of her carnal work, her other hand took up that refilled glass, an extended draught coinciding with a hefty rocking and a particularly jubilant cry – the contents spilled all over, running down her cheeks and splashing upon her smooth stomach. Never minding the mess, that hand transitioned instead to rubbing sensually over her body, working in the iron fluid to teat and more. And as The Scarlet Devil painted herself such, those cries from main stage began to hit a crescendo, before ultimately ending in one final triumphant roar of dominance.

One might call the fairy lucky, if they were so inclined, because she had by this point become unable to keep herself up – wound and lack of air took their toll, and her eyes simply rolled back, blackness claiming her. Unfortunately for the fairy, it was not enough to send her disappearing in a puff of dust as the creature mounting her held itself hilted within. At the least, she was not awake to feel the surge that suddenly moved through that offensive blockage, further stretching an already taxed orifice. She did not have to taste that sudden blast of white, a virile wave of semen exploding out of its length into a recipient it was wasted upon. She did not have to smell the backblast that crashed against the back of her throat, clogging her nostrils as the thick goo escaped to the floor below, tinged the slightest pink with her internally draining life force. She did not have to feel how her stomach began to sag under its deluge, its output plenty more than enough for one so slender. And she was not there, in any mental capacity, when it finally pulled out, scarcely having softened and delivering one more mangling set of gashes to her lips and depths, an excess of its discolored seed coating it and leaking. With the beast's eyes appraising what any would call a ruined form, it regained what little stiffness it had lost below – either it cared not whether she had been slain, or perhaps, in its training, had learned these small morsels were more sturdy than their weak bodies would have one believe. Whatever the case, having had its appetizer, it slunk behind her once more as magic tried to seal her wounds closed. And there it waited, with the low stance and stillness of a monster set to ambush.

It took several minutes of oozing snot and worse for the fairy to once more be numbered among the tenuously living. To call her return to consciousness unpleasant would be to understate it: the first sensation that greeted her was a lingering burning that covered most of her upper body, only less potent further down, never fully dissipating. She coughed and she spat up yet more of what had filled her, face less flesh and more mire of myriad coatings: caked cum, drying blood and clear, green bile, all streaked with water leaking from eyes closed shut, for fear of seeing the beast still before her. Amidst the stream of vile liquids being thrown back up, the fairy did her best to rise, wings weakly flapping to try and bring her up as much as the chains holding her legs would allow. Her first flutters managed nothing, not even a rattle of her restraints. When she continued, she just got her toes out of the pooled mess and off the hard wood. With great effort, eventually, she rose, trying again fruitlessly to tear free, stock and chain holding her just where she was desired. And, as she finally displayed any measure of recovery, even an ounce of strength, that proved to be a rather poor decision – for it meant she was finally ready to continue.

For but a few seconds the fairy was risen without interruption, and then her assailant stepped forward, and as before, its footfall was heard. At the sound, the girl stilled and plummeted that short distance, feigning death, hoping to vanish, anything to spare herself, no matter how unlikely. But such measures were wholly futile, and didn't serve to aid her as the beast continued its approach, slow and menacing, playing with its victim, whose ability to hold still faltered upon each and every sound heralding one more step. It came to loom above her, casting the fairy in shadow, bringing about rapid hyperventilation, and stammered protests of, “N-n-n-no, bl-blease, d-don'd,” which were cut off when a paw shifted forward, a claw that could more than easily tear her apart rubbing momentarily against that childish cunt. With actual words failing to come out, the fae girl was left to blubbers, wondering what was to come next and just how much it would hurt before she finally saw the mercy of death, to later return, hopefully having forgotten this. A great number of violent possibilities ran through her addled, feeble mind, from mutilation to consumption, and all proved wrong when it instead nudged her upwards. When she failed to respond, confused, it made a guttural, annoyed noise from its throat, and it took her next to no time to flit back upwards as it desired, propelled by obedient fear. 'Don't claw me up and eat me, I'll do whatever you want,' she'd have told it, if she could get thoughts out her mouth. Luckily for her, that she couldn't speak did not matter, and her actions placated it – even if they didn't spare her.

Some might find the pause in action to be deterring to their mounting pleasure, but not Remilia, who looked eagerly upon the scene of predator laying in wait for its prey. The same as that oral violation before, it held her enthralled, lust growing in appreciation of the tense wait for what would come next. Digits which had delved deeply removed themselves, a palm instead playing across her clit and rubbing over that entrance still parted just slightly. Her efforts began to bear more fruit, moans of pleasure growing higher and louder, once cold skin beginning to warm as underneath it, her snack flowed hastily thanks to the beating of a long dead heart – and where she wasn't coated by spilt wine, what had been drunk added its own flush, further coloring pristine, pale skin. To and fro, forward and back the vampire continued to bend as those oh so pleasant sensations continued to spread upwards and dictate her movement. And much as the anticipation may have enraptured her, the show was finally slated to go on down below, intoxicating mewls of terror reaching her ears.

Holding there ascended, the fairy was at just the height where her doomed twat might be made use of – in short order, when properly prepared. For between disparity in size and a total dryness of the hole to be used, brute force would not avail the monster here. But there was a solution to this it possessed, and one it was only happy to continue employing, regardless of how its partner felt about it. A whisker slipped beneath itself and felt around for its target; even though none of that terrible yellow energy was discharged yet, as it slid along a leg, it still sent that limb shaking and flying away reflexively. A poor choice. The tendril went swiftly from searching to gripping, snatching hold of the leg at the knee when it tried to escape. Its solution to this disobedience was the same as is solution to many things: it delivered another dose of its energetic pain around that joint, again stealing control of its movements from the girl. Her eyes finally shot back open, and a piercing screech echoed in the theatre all around. Holding her still where it was, the worst of its effects were concentrated right at that transition between upper and lower leg: as seconds wore on and things grew worse, one half wished to spasm one way, and other sought to twitch another, each the wrong direction to take. Her already potent scream redoubled as, within it, came the sound of bone snapping when twisted wrong, fracturing and leaving the appendage hanging uselessly at an odd angle. When the fae could again form coherent words, as opposed to useless cries, she screamed, “WON'D MOVE! WON'D MOVE! WON'D MOVE!” in hopeless hope the promise of stillness would get things to stop.

Seemingly, it did, or at least the cat thought the lesson taught – up that broken leg it returned to tracing, where it had left off, and this time located what it had been after, as the further cowed fairy forced herself, through every agony, to not shake her body such the beast's guide tried to wrest free. No mean feat, certainly, but further tests stood ahead as the very tip of the tentacle was planted upon the hole that required coaxing. What else did it apply then, but its favorite trick? Energy flowed through flesh, bringing with it harm, a howl, and that familiar loss of ownership. That slit pried open and it snapped back closed alternatingly, as the process continued in small bursts of harrowing, flashing torture. During it all the fairy's will to hold herself still began to falter, height flagging, creature's eyes narrowing at this disgusting failure before, by stroke of luck, its plan finally achieved what it was after. The fairy's cunt twitched as wide as it would spread on its own and, much more importantly, leaked now lubricant, regardless of the fairy's lack of arousal, the better to accept entry. So, way unbarred, the creature's sopping, still coated length made finally for the now inviting depths, fairy desperate to keep where she was wanted, lest whatever came next be worse.

Despite the considerable improvement of its odds, the beast still could not simply penetrate easily. No, it found its mark and then, with great effort, began trying to shove itself in, against all protest – physical and verbal. The hole did its utmost to remain closed, a gradually losing battle as already parted lips crept ever closer to failure; the fairy did her best to beg, with voice weak and hoarse, wanting this all to end, and having no delusions of fighting. “Ble-blease sdob,” she asked of it with a snivel and a wincing shiver, as though doing so would amount to anything, and the beast behind her pushed harder. “I-I d-dun w-wa-wanna,” she insisted to it more meekly and more weakly, as though her consent was required, or even considered, and it was not, incoming invader inching closer to splitting those folds. “W-wh-why w-won'd you sdob?” she inquired of it in scarcely a whisper, as though any answer would come, but the only other sound in the room came from on high – from the vampire enjoying this performance, whose lustful cries were no answer, and certainly did not stop the encroaching erection. “I-I-I di-didn'd do...” What she did not do was manage to withstand, and finally that fat head pierced her, opening her opening far more thoroughly than it was prepared for. Filled well beyond capacity, the small cavern fought fiercely to try and shove out the dick within it, to no avail, as the fairy gave a moan of only distress and the cat began to purr. Horrible as that overstuffing was, burning at every already aggravated inch, it at least did not reach the excruciating heights of all that had happened prior; comforting as that thought might be, it had also yet to begin, and any comforts were doomed to be short lived.

The distension now visible upon her crotch was at least as thick as the whole of her torso before its filling, and it began to push gradually forward. Every inch gained was hard fought as just how deep the fairy could be ravaged was discerned – and then, with a very sudden yelp, the answer turned out to be 'not nearly as deep as it might hope'. Within, the cockhead disgorging sweet lubricant had run up against a wall: the cervix, to be specific, and that shaft was yet to embed itself halfway. This was the limit, it seemed; so the beast would make do with what it had. Increasingly surrounded by wetness and working with its desire to expel, the cat retreated far more easily than it had progressed; shortly after, it slid back to where it had been near as easily, now that the way was paved, to the tune of a fresh wail – running up against that barrier was a sudden and torturous spike indeed, a fact that slowed things none. As it progressed in speed, more attempts to cry out for mercy may have been forthcoming – if each weren't interrupted by its latest crash, hardly offering time to finish the latest exclamation of suffering, much less to start a word. Those impacts drew with them squishing sounds, and out of the abused, taut cunt, liquids of all sorts constantly splashed, reds and whites and plenty more clear precum. If one were to silence the fairy, they could almost believe she were a dripping mess, enjoying every second of this rough, careless defilement. But no such illusions were held by any in this room. Not the fae who couldn't even claw at her restraints, nor the beast offered dominion over her, and certainly not the other small girl present, who drank in every howl of the damned.

By now, the vampire was having to contain herself some. With the palm of a hand still circling over the nub above, its fingers slid simultaneously within herself below, working at a frenzied pace. Pleasure and passion had nigh on peaked, and will alone kept her from surging towards an unseemly and premature orgasm. Breath came laboriously, and Remilia bit her lower lip so strongly she almost drew her own imbibed blood. Unlike with the fairy subjected to hellish punishment, every growing drop that flowed out the mansion's mistress was born of sheer ecstasy, and a great number of drops freed themselves indeed, her pussy practically a waterfall by now. In her fevered pitch, she grasped at tit and breast once more, other hand clamping fingers upon them with more than enough pressure to sting – but such slight pangs did not stymie her, as the barest fraction of a fraction of what went on in order to entertain her. Ahhhh, and how that scene entertained...

The fairy, by this point, had managed through her unfortunate gift of healing to render the once-maimed leg functional again. A mostly useless consideration, but at least it afforded her another to kick at the air when driven into – and at the air, specifically. She was not all there as abject hell overwhelmed her everything, but instict ensured she flailed outward, rather than be seen as attacking it. No, to endure, not to fight: this was her task, a task she found monumental, for it was. The disregard for her as anything but something with which to relieve sexual desires ensured her insides began to swell and bruise under the cat's uncaring treatment, which served to tighten her to the point of being vice-like, as though trying to choke the life from her violator. Would that she could – but it stood at the apex, compared to her, and so all those swells succeeded in doing was to render the fae that much more adept at draining dicks dry. And despite being quite, quite good at it – through no real work or effort on her own part, truly, but it was a virtue either way – she wasn't quite good enough for the rapacious feline using her. It just couldn't get enough of itself in to really get what it needed; thus, it hatched another use for those ever so handy implements of shock upon its face.

It knew a combination of three things, in the moment: it knew what kept it from inserting any further in, daring to act against it; it knew what lay beyond that gateway, those lengths going unused; and it knew how its lightning could force movement within the fairy's body. What it should do, then, was obvious, and in tandem its whips sank below once more, patting against the belly blocking its own underbelly. Soon enough it found that hastily moving bulge, and not long after, the place where it always terminated. The beast wasted no time and, with a familiar spark and crackle, set upon its too-small sleeve, to expand her in entirely the wrong direction. Applied right to some of the most sensitive areas possible, her response was as immediate as it was an issue; her torso crunched up reflexively in an attempt to double over, and as she breathlessly worked her mouth, unable to even cry out, the creature suddenly slid out, thrusting at air for a second before reality caught up and it recalled this as the second time it had been so failed. Its own revenge came even faster than the fairy's reaction, head darting to its underwhelming prize's with great agility, the fairy's coming to rest between sharp-toothed jaws. She could feel their points, scant centimeters away from digging into her, but a further clench away from something even messier than this whole ordeal – and, coward that she was, was coerced back into line like this, trying again to straighten out and keep in the air, an ever more difficult prospect. Oh, but fear kept her at it, as the cat set about continuing its work, and continuing her reaming. She dared not find out what might happen, should she anger it further. Even the simple mind of a fairy understood this as her last chance. So, electrocuted her tirelessly in pursuit of its goal, she did not curl up. Her stomach clenched fiercely; her gut sucked in waves of air that fueled nothing, for it then spat it back out as if smashed with a sledgehammer. And then, graciously, that wall tumbled down.

The cervix was not meant to be hit, and its every brushing had been a nightmare; once it had dilated open to allow passage, the womb beyond was much the same, bereft of child to incubate, and yet somehow worse. Perhaps it was that, when so relentlessly rutted, an extra few inches to give a thrust more potency made all the difference; perhaps that thrice-sensitive canal was a place of pure sorrow, as it finally met with spine and spark, cock forcing deep enough for those lovely additions to make their way in; or perhaps the poor little thing was so overwhelmed with fear and suffering at this point that it all simply added together to beat her senseless. Whatever the cause, the end result was that, near as soon as it got access to where it wanted, the fairy was once more out like a light; it changed nothing, as before, for the fairy's virtue was not her sexual skill, merely her adorable size and consequent holes. So it just continued to fuck her unconscious, ragdolling body, without slowing down in the least. Now it had what it needed; now that most important section of its length fit, for the most part, within its receptacle. Those superficial slices that left a considerable red torrent pouring out along with those clear juices were like aphrodisiac to it, and now the beast again surged towards release, releasing the fairy's head to roar in fe

It kept pace as building lust reached its boiling point for the second time, and ropes of semen began to shoot out, to quickly fill up what space was available. Most of that space was within the womb it had unlocked, which received it all like an inflating balloon. More and more poured in, pushing its limits and taxing it, demanding it accept yet more. When the beast would pull back, the shots coated somewhere slightly more normal, for a short time; and then its barrelling forward left it no room within that vagina, and it all overflowed out, a sloppy mess that continued to accrue, splattering onto the fairy's legs, along her back, down her still bloated stomach, and ensured she looked as well used a whore as she was. When finally its second round began to wane, its last few bursts were deposited as deeply as it could manage, to cap off and ensure that womb was as full to bursting as physically possible. Then, for now, it almost seemed satisfied as it dragged itself out, only now mostly softened; with it came a much increased flow of its fecund seed, oozing in great quantities. It backed away, looked at its handiwork, and the expression its face took may even have been one of enjoyment or pride. Then... well, the fairy was still gone, and it was no longer infatuated with her, so now it had time to focus on the only sound in the theatre besides the steady drip of cum.

That sound was the sound of Remilia who, when her pet had gone over the edge, had finally allowed herself the release of that pent up euphoria. She sat less properly and regally now, instead sliding low in her chair, as the convulsions of climax held her. No restraint was placed upon her voice, a high, pure moan resounding, held throughout her session's end. Her hands ceased their pleasuring, lost within her own, far more agreeable involuntary motions, during her minute of bliss' grip. When finally she was released to her own devices once more, she promptly straightened herself out again, in the name of propriety, and let out a sigh tinged with what remained of those wondrous feelings. Aware of herself again, she looked down, to see what the situation was like where beast and fairy were. Unsprisingly, the fairy was still down, and, unsurprisingly, the cat was looking at her; and in its eyes, she could see that appraisal, that thought, that she was much alike the fairy it had just used; perhaps even that it thought she would be its next offering, going by how it once more rose below, all set for a third round. Experimentally, Remilia looked back; looked it dead in the eye, with an imperious stare of steel, able to strike terror into almost anything. It stared right back, and seemed only to find a way to glare harder, which prompted a highly amused chuckle behind a raised hand. One clap, a turn, and the first syllable, “Sa-” summoned the maid who had been dismissed earlie, within the deluge of carnal juices, bowing with propriety.

“Mistress Remilia. Shall I begin the cleaning and draw a bath?” The question was immediate upon her arrival, a towel already hanging off her arm.

“No, no,” the vampire insisted, more jovial than usual, grin showing filed-sharp fangs reaching almost as wide as possible. “That cat – do the notes state whether it's capable of cross-magical breeding?”

Sakuya had been carrying a towel, and now it was a book, pages thumbed through hastily. “Ah, yes, here. Patchouli believes it is, Milady, though it hasn't actually had a fairy survive any attempts to impregnate it yet.” Remarking this, the maid looked down, seeing the still intact fairy and how the beast hungrily eyed her Mistress. From nothingness, an entire circle of knives surrounded it, embedding into the stage with a barrage of thunking sounds; that, at least, got it to look around in confusion, right up until it set its sights back on those above with a growl.

“Oh, Sakuya, you don't need to intimidate it. Meiling could drag it in; if it tries anything, I'll throw it through a few floors. Instead, I want you to reward it. I like this one. It's got some fight. Go fetch it another fairy. And go give that one some time off.” A sweep of the hand indicated the only fairy here, the lucky recipient of this benefit. “I want to see what sort of offspring it produces with her. She's relieved until she gives birth or we can confirm it didn't work.”

“Of course, Mistress Remilia.” The simple, elegant statement came with the disappearance of everything she'd impaled into the grand stage, and was followed shortly with an equal, “Will there be anything else?”

“An aid,” Remilia answered, stretching her hands to indicate just how big she wanted it. “One of the silver ones; I've been put in the mood for a good burn. And...” She tilted her head, taking a whiff of the room, its many intertwined scents of musk, iron, her own discharge, char and oh so much more – and after she processed it all, she exhaled in contentment, enjoying the mingling aromas. “Apologies, but don't clean anything up yet; this all works together very, very nicely.”

“No trouble at all, Mistress. But one moment.” It was not even that – the vampire couldn't even blink before everything was set up. The old fairy was gone, replaced with a new one, smaller, topped with hair of fiery reds and oranges, not seeming to comprehend what had happened, why she was here, what that immensely complex scent was, or just how fucked she was, figuratively or literally. On that table next to Remilia, a silver dildo of modest size sat, awaiting use by the one who'd requested it. And, of course, the beast's head had been turned to see how it was being offered someone else, to divert its attention from false hope. “Anything else before I go, Milady?”

“No, carry on, Sakuya. Thank you.” She took up that imitation cock with this, maid offering a graceful bow on vanishing. Quickly, the vampire began to hiss just slightly, “Ahhhhh. Oh, yes, that's just right for the occasion.” The beast, given a fresh, rapidly spooking target, turned instead to the forbidden fruit it thought itself deserving up above. A casual wave cast off its delusions, and told it to make due with what it was offered; Remilia was well beyond it. It couldn't exactly bound up to her to claim what it considered its due, so after a few seconds, it acquiesced, taking stock of its new stock. “Good boy,” the vampire cooed at it, settling in for more of this. Perhaps she'd have Sakuya grab a few more fairies before the day was out; they wouldn't be of much help in the library anyway.
One fine Spring morning, Tewi found herself in heat.

"Reisen," said Tewi, "I'm in heat, lets fuck."

"Alright fine, lets do it" Reisen replied, "But only because I'm in heat too. D-don't get the wrong idea, its not like I'm having sex with you because I l-like you or anything, d-dummy."

And so, Tewi and Reisen proceeded to fuck like the rabbits they were. They fucked against the floors, the walls, and even the ceilings since they could fly, explosively squirting their love juices all across the room. A veritable sexplosion it was.

Soon, the sounds of the two rabbits moaning, grinding, and sexsploding attracted the attention of the other residents of Eintei, who barged into the room to investigate.

"Reisen!" Eirin exclaimed. "For shame! You can't just go around fucking people like this."

"Sorry master," replied Reisen as her vaginal fluids soaked Tewi and the wall behind her with all the force of a sexually frustrated bazooka.

"You're a medical professional for Gods sake," Eirin continued. "How many times do I have to tell you, if your going to have sex, always use a condom. Just because neither of you has a penis, its no excuse not to practice safe sex."

"Enough talk!" Kaguya yelled. "I've been a virgin for over a thousand years, and masturbation just doesn't cut it anymore! Seeing those two go at it has gotten me super horny. So Erin, I demand that you fuck me right here and now!"

"Why Princess, I thought this day would never come," replied Eirin as she ripped her and Kaguya's clothes off in one swift motion. "I would be honored to take your virginity," Eirin continued as she tackled Kaguya to the floor and proceeded to fuck her like a rabbit, despite neither one of them being a rabbit themselves.

Lesbian hormones ricocheted off the walls almost as fast as the lesbians who produced them did. Soon the two groups of love makers collided to create one big cum drenched orgy.

"Ohh Gods!" Kaguya screamed as three vaginas cummed against her own. "Sex is every bit as wonderful as I thought it would be! I wish this moment could last forever!"

And thanks to Kaguya's powers over eternity, her wish was granted. The four came until the universe came to an end, creating a cum tsunami that flooded Gensokyo, killing thousands.

And they all fucked happily ever after.

Quiet and swift, you step across the soft grass, guided by the brilliance of a full moon. Every shop, stall, and public office has long since closed, but you are still far from home. Small, humble headstones pass by, but you pay them no mind, or at least, you try not to. Youkai visit the graveyard. One might already be here, hiding in the dark. Watching, listening.

One of them spends entirely too much time here, especially on nights like these. You’ve crossed paths before, but only ever briefly. As brief as you could possibly make it. Youkai tend to get weird around you, after a while, and you can’t let that happen with her. Just need to clear the graves and reach the walls.

Soft, wet grass yields to your sandals you ease them down, one step at a time. You catch a glimpse of flickering torchlight ahead. It’s the main gate, maybe a couple minutes away if you sprint. You feel like you’re home already-

“SURPRISE!”

The deafeningly cheery voice slams into you, just as her generous breasts crash against your stiffening back. Kogasa Tatara. Local blacksmith, part-time pseudo babysitter. Youkai. Your body locks up. You can’t move. Maybe this is just your second encounter. Breath shaking, you run though plans. She needs to leave. Soon.

Then she wraps her right hand around your breast, and the following squeeze shatters your thoughts. Her short hair brushes against your neck as she leans over your shoulder. A soft lilac scent wafts in, as time slows down. Fabric folds and pinches under her fingers, rubbing against your flesh. Then she giggles.

“Boo!”

You flinch, jerking forward. Another hand wraps around your waist, pressing you back against her stomach. Her hard, abdominal muscles and her large breasts force your own torso out, as she lays her head down on your neck.

“It’s dangerous to be alone out here, you know.”

You can’t help but squirm at that, hoping to pry off a hand, or somehow just slip through her grip. Your body twists and turns as much as her vice-grip allows. No luck. An out-of-shape human like you, versus a youkai, even one as otherwise harmless as her, isn’t a contest.

“Please, let me go.” It’s the strongest, most confidant tone you could muster, and it still sounds almost like you’re begging.

“Hmm…. Nope!” That bubbly, cheery voice should have been soothing. But it just drains what energy you had left; you can’t help but slump into her grasp. “Just kidding!”

And suddenly you spring free of her. For a moment, all you can do is just stand there. Stand and stare.

She’s still standing right in front of you, allowing you to make out a face that’s beaming with… pride? Experimentally, you place one foot behind the other, bracing for a full sprint. Only for her to continue.

“But! It’s really dangerous for you out here. So, you gotta stick close, okay?” She offers her hand. Your heart thumps. If you run, will she chase you? If you stay together, will you get another chance to separate? Another heartbeat.

Would it really be so terrible to let her do wh…?

A flash of short hair invades your mind. Short hair and slender, suffocating lips.

Yes, it would, and you’ve wasted too much time already. You wrap your hand around Kogasa’s wrist and march toward the walls. Don’t spook her, but don’t give her time to get ideas. You got her to let go once. You’ll just need to do so again.

“Whaa!” Her cute, girlish squeal loosens tense muscles and sets your nerves at ease. Only for another figure to appear on the road. The pale moonlight reveals a dark cloak over a pale dress. Wild, dark hair cascades over her face and down her back. As you approach, two points appear on her crown. Animal ears.

Kogasa waves. You look the other way. You already have one youkai to shake off tonight.

“Hey, you there!” The woman says, in a voice that’s almost elegant.

“Who, me?” Kogasa asks.

“No.” A pair of hands grip your shoulders, turning you just slightly. White mountains fill your vision, until the woman gets on one knee. Brilliant red eyes bore into you, their intensity less concerning than the tongue sliding between her lips.

A hand cups your chin, and the woman plants a quick kiss on your lips. Brief, but gentle. Pulling back, she speaks.

“My name is Kagerou. May I ask for yours?” Her face would be the picture of graceful confidence, were it not for the slight tremors to her smile.

Kogasa yanks you back, twisting you and pulling you into her arms. One hand on your back and the other gripping your head, her lips press against yours. Rigid nipples grind against your flesh as a pair of smooth thighs press down on one of your own. There’s a slight, smoky flavor to her, when she presses her tongue between your lips and against your teeth.

Then, awkwardly, she breaks the kiss.

“A-Anyway. I saw her first. You don’t get to do weird things with her!”

Shit.

“Oh?”

Your stomach drops at that sound. Only one other youkai ever sounded so ominous. And she was only half this woman’s height.

You need to get out of here now.

“Isn’t that right?” Kogasa’s staring at you.

Just gotta cooperate with one. Get away from one and lower the other’s guard. It’s a long shot, but you don’t have a prayer of escaping both at once. Unless you can get them to go after each other and run away in the confusion. But then you’re trapped in between them. Could you really slip out?

On the other hand, the gate is close enough that, with a loud enough scream, you might just get the guard’s attention. But what will your captors do before they arrive? …Assuming anyone even does hear you. 
“I, I… I don’t know.”

Kogasa frowns, somewhere between disappointed and genuinely confused.

“Well then, I just need to prove I’m better!” Kogasa puckers up, preparing for round two.

A slender, powerful arm wraps around your stomach, as a hand presses Kogasa’s face away.

“You had your chance!”

“So did you!” Kogasa throws Kagerou’s arm off her head, grabbing you by the back of the head and shoving you into her chest.

But Kagerou doesn’t relent, joining the arm around your stomach with one gripping your breast. Planting one foot to your side, she pulls hard, threatening to crush your lungs.

Straining to push shallow breaths out under Kagerou’s crushing grip, and between the folds of Kogasa’s shirt, you twist and strain. Desperation rising, you plant your hands on Kagerou’s arms, shoving with all your might. As Kagerou’s arms quake and Kogasa’s hand threatens to crush your skull, you kick and flail at anything you can.

Finally, one kick connects with Kogasa’s ankle, shocking her just enough to break her grip. Kogasa flails, but catches your obi, trying to pull you back. Kagerou just pulls back, shredding the obi in the contest.

Wasting no time, Kagerou pulls you away and releases your breast to fire a volley of light at Kogasa.

If only you could do things like that.

Then a barrage fires back toward you. Kagerou turns on her heel and kicks off the ground, sailing away from Kogasa, and taking you with her. Light flashes across the dirt and headstones beneath you, until a bullet slams into Kagerou, breaking her grip.

You hit the ground hard, but adrenaline stunts the pain. Suddenly free, you stumble back. Your kimono now hangs loose, exposing your camisole and panties, but you have far greater problems. You’re not even quite out of the graveyard yet. And for a few precious seconds, Kagerou and Kogasa are focused entirely on each other.

You leap behind the largest grave you can find, praying for protection from whoever rests beneath you. Taking a moment to catch your breath, you dare to glance behind you. The two are still engaged in danmaku, but they keep moving. From here to the gate is open dirt and grass. There’s nowhere else to hide.

A bark blasts through the night. Turning back, you find Kagerou charging at you.

You turn and run, sprinting down the road as fast as your legs can carry. Silhouettes appear on the walls. All cover and pretense blown, you suck in as much air as you can.

“Help! Guards!” You cry. Sweat builds and muscles strain, but one glance reveals that Kagerou’s easily catching up.

As you finally approach the gatehouse, the silhouettes resolve into two lightly armored young men with readied bows, aiming above you. One fires, the arrow exploding into balls of light. You duck under the dazzling display as you reach the gatehouse steps.

Crash! A purplish, fully fanned umbrella slams into the ground in front of you, giant tongue hanging out. The tongue shoots out toward you. You spin on your heel, but overbalance. Throwing your hands out, you catch yourself, scraping your palms on the hard-packed dirt. Pushing off, you build back up to a full sprint. Your lungs burn from abuse as your breath grows ragged. Sweat pours from your skin as bullets whiz by your head. Behind you, Kagerou’s lost plenty of ground, but she’s now bounding after you.

Smooth grass gives way to sticks, leaves, and roots, as you charge toward the woods. Soon you’re forced to slow down or crash into the branches. Alternating between hops and short sprints, you push forward. The thickening canopy blocks out most of the moon’s light, plunging everything into shadow. If you could just find somewhere to hide…

A short, girlish giggle shocks you still. Frantically scanning the shadows, you’re relieved to find it’s only Kogasa. Less than a meter away. You leap away, only to land against her umbrella. It’s thick, heavy tongue sliding between your legs. Her human form moans.

You kick off, running down the forest again. Branches snap and crunch behind you, as Kagerou crashes through them. Moonlight appears up ahead. Kogasa and her umbrella glide across the forest floor, flanking you. The guards are long gone.

Nowhere to run, no one to call. Your legs quake, your throat hurts, and Kagerou’s still gaining. Just as you break into the clearing, a mighty howl breaks out. Kagerou crashes against your back.

Dry leaves and small twigs crack and break beneath you. Kagerou’s ass settles down on the small of your back as her legs press against your sides. Lifting your head, you find Kogasa staring down angrily at you.

“How could you run away like that?”

Kagerou plants a clawed hand on your ass, giving it a painful squeeze.

“Guess I win.” Kagerou says.

“What? No fair!” Kogasa whines. “Besides, like I said, I saw her first.”

“Besides,” String and fabric slide against fabric. A vest hits the ground before you, followed by a pale blouse. “I’m prettier!”

Kagerou grumbles, but lifts herself off your back. She steps forward. Kogasa steps back, her chest now naked, save for the blue bra holding her shapely breasts.

You crawl out from under them. Kagerou growls. You turn away from them and haul yourself upright.

You plant one foot forward, only for Kagerou to grab your kimono, yanking you back. Then, planting one hand on your nape, she yanks it off, dragging your arms behind you.

Grabbing your wrists, she drags you back. Wrapping an arm around your belly, she squeezes you against her. Her own mountainous breasts press against your neck. She then releases your wrists, using your own back to keep them pinned. She then turns back to Kogasa, taking you with her.

“Screw it!” Kagerou fumes. “You want some of this? Help me keep her under control.”
Kogasa pouts. “Like, I, said! I saw h-” Kagerou tears your camisole down the middle and rips it off, snapping the straps.

Kogasa’s speechless. For a long moment she just stares. You always thought your body was average. You were never the skinniest, or the fairest, or even the bustiest. Kogasa’s enthralled eyes chill you, knowing what’s to come. But some small part of your ego still appreciates her attention.

Then, regaining her composure, she steps forward, licking her lips. Kagerou buries her face in your straight, shoulder-length hair. She takes in a long, deep whiff. Your eyes, however, are locked on Kogasa, who undoes her bra and, crossing her arms, pulls it right off. Letting her breasts settle back into position, she smirks at you, sticking out her tongue.

She steps forward, until her smooth, full breasts nearly fill your vision. Shifting just slightly, she grabs one, and presses a rock-hard nipple against your pursed lips. Judging by the taste, she never even broke a sweat.

That’s when Kagerou pulls you back, almost jealously, and releases your hands. But before you can move, she wraps her hands around your breasts, giving each a firm squeeze. Her claws dig into your flesh, shocking you with pain and drawing blood.

Kogasa just smiles and steps back. Kagerou rolls your breasts around in her hands, as Kogasa kicks off her geta. Then Kogasa shimmies her skirt off, revealing long, smooth legs and a pair of panties that, even in the moonlight, are visibly soaked through.

As if her excitement wasn’t obvious enough.

Kagerou pinches your nipples, still taking the occasional sniff. Kogasa hooks her fingers into the waistband. A palm leaves your tormented breasts to circle your navel. The panties slide down Kogasa’s leg, as Kagerou’s leg presses against your ass. For a moment, you’re drawn to the neatly trimmed hair just above Kogasa’s folds. Despite everything, a familiar heat builds inside you.

Then her hand moves further down, cupping your slick panties. Slick from sweat.

Hopefully.

Kogasa kneels down and lifts one of your feet. As Kagerou rubs circles over your crotch and massages your breast. Kogasa slides your geta off, one at a time. Then Kagerou’s hand slides back up to the waistband, to give it a quick tug. A gasp escapes your lips. The fabric tightens on your ass and slips between your outer folds, before she releases it. Kogasa slides off your socks next, as Kagerou slides her hand back down, pressing the fabric in, just slightly.

Kogasa gently licks the underside of your foot. It tickles. Kagerou presses one finger between your folds. Your breath hitches. Kogasa’s tongue slides along your sole, happily tasting your skin and sweat. It still tickles. Kagerou slides her finger up and down, eliciting small quakes and spasms in you. Kogasa wraps her lips around your toes, sliding her tongue between them. Even as Kagerou continues her assault, you can’t keep a giggle from escaping.

Kogasa releases your foot with a wet ‘pop’, staring up at you, confused.

Kagerou’s hand freezes. She releases your crotch, and spins you around. She grips your face and smashes her lips against yours. Her tongue forces its way through stunned lips, barreling through slack teeth. Kagerou explores your mouth, tasting everything she can reach.

A pair of hands hesitantly slide up your legs, slipping themselves underneath your panties.

Satisfied exploring, Kagerou focuses on your tongue. Tasting it, nudging it to one side or another. The hands hook themselves in your waistband. The night air blows against your ass, as your panties sink down your legs.

A growl reverberates down your throat as Kagerou’s hands clench, biting into your scalp.
Scared, you push your tongue forward. The growl stops. Nervously, you slide along her lips. A hum of satisfaction. You press in a bit further.

A tongue slides up your ass, gliding between the cheeks. You yelp, knocking Kagerou out of the kiss.

“God damn it!”

Frozen, you stare at the bared teeth of her scowl. She pushes herself off of you. In one quick motion, she grips the panties around your ankles, and yanks them off each leg. She presses them to your nose, filling it with your scent. You let out one ragged breath.

“Open up.” 
Legs quaking, you press a hand against the offered panties, cringing as they squish against your palm. Another growl rises through Kagerou’s throat. Her hand grips your shoulder, long nails digging into your flesh. Razor sharp teeth glisten behind a snarling lip.

“Please! Let me do something else!”

The words just spilled out. You’re powerless here, but this is just too much. Unfortunately, Kagerou’s patience has run thin. She knocks your hand away, pressing the panties against your pursed lips.

“Open. Up.”

Your mind spins. A small taste of your pussy on your lips. Blood trickles down your shoulder, from where her nails have dug in. For all you know, she might well kill you if you don’t comply. Lips quivering, you try to will them open.

Nothing happens. The blood trails slowly down your arm, and Kagerou’s growl grows only louder. You can’t do it. You just can’t. The thought of letting that thing on your tongue is just too much.

Kagerou’s teeth part. Maybe to say something, maybe to bite you. Your hands fly to her wrists, straining to keep them away.

“Anything!” You blurt out. “Anything else.”

Kagerou stops, pulling her hand away for a moment.

You’re entire body’s shaking now. Adrenaline drowns out whatever you felt before.

Kagerou stares hard at you, the closes her eyes. She lets out a frustrated sigh.

“Fine.” She tosses your panties away, then returns her gaze to you, leering.

Kogasa starts humming. Into your ass.

A smile creeps up Kagerou’s face. A lecherous, domineering smirk. She claps her hands together, moistening them with the fluid from your panties. She then brings them to your face, trailing that juice down your cheeks.

Then, gripping them, she pulls your head in close. She’s a bit taller than you expected, your eyes are brought only to her lower lip. She angles your head back, until you’re staring at her eyes.

“Part those pretty little lips for me, okay?”

She slides a pinky down your neck, nail resting against your jugular.

You open your mouth, lips dry and trembling.

She puckers her lips, and for a moment you think she’s just going for another kiss. She swishes her cheeks back and forth. It’s like she’s sampling some kind of fine wine. Or trying to eat something that’s too chewy. She learns her head forward, positioned her lips just over yours.

Kogasa’s tongue slides up your ass one last time. Then she presses it against your anus. You can’t help but flinch, but keep your lips parted. Kogasa may have her sights set on violating you, but you’re mostly certain she’ll never kill you. Kagerou’s a short-tempered mystery.

Kagerou parts her lips just slightly. Clear, lukewarm fluid pours from them down your tongue. There’s no taste. It just feels like…

Your own saliva. She’s feeding you her spit.

Kagerou opens wide, sliding her tongue out. Small bubbles slide down her tongue as more drool drops down. You cringe as it starts to pool near your throat.

Kagerou slides her thumbs between your lips, pulling your mouth wide open. Slowly, deliberately, she pushes one last, large dollop off her tongue. It drops down, grazing your tongue to join the pool at the bottom.

“Good girl.” Gently, she guides your lips back together. Your legs shake as Kogasa’s tongue continues to press against you, insistently probing your anus.

“Swallow.” Cringing against the slimy feeling of it, you force Kagerou’s spit down your throat. You suppress a shudder as it goes down, but then relax as most of it leaves your mouth.

Then the tip of the tongue forces its way past your sphincter. You plant your arms against Kogasa’s head, as her efforts threaten to throw you off-balance. In response, she wraps her hands around your hips, pressing her face further against your ass. Pushing through, her slick tongue slides against your walls. Despite everything, a small fire builds inside you. Some part of your body enjoys this.

Kagerou steps back, pulling your head level on the way. She bends down to reach the hem of her dress.

In one smooth motion, she hikes it up and throws it over her shoulders. Soft brown fur forms a thin carpet over most of her body. Arms, legs, and sides are completely covered. It thins out over her breasts, belly, and crotch, but it stops completely at her wrists and ankles. Kagerou throws the dress aside, leaving it to land somewhere in the soft grass of the clearing. Her feet are already bare, leaving only a lacy black bra and matching panties between you and what’s to come.

For a few moments, Kogasa’s content to just taste you. The tip of her tongue slides in circles along your inner perimeter. Then she shoves her tongue forward again. Walls clench and your legs lock. You clench against her, straining to keep her out. But millimeter by millimeter her tongue forces itself deeper and deeper. You strain against it, but soon it’s pointless. With one last push, the Kogasa forces the last of her tongue inside.

Kagerou clears her throat. Focusing back on her, you find her lacy, black bra and the heavy breasts within filling your vision. With a snap, Kagerou releases the latch. But rather than pull them off, she guides your head to one breast.

“Take it off for me, okay?”

Unsure, you bite the cup. Kagerou pulls back, sliding her arms through the loops on the way. Finally, the garment falls limp, hanging from your teeth. Returning to you, she pulls it out. She flips it around and rubs the cup against your nose.

“Tell me dear, how do I smell?”

All you smell is sweat and fur.

“…Good?”

“Good girl.”

Kagerou drops the bra behind her. She returns her hands to your scalp and presses you between her breasts.

Kogasa’s tongue slides back out of your ass. Then, just as the tip reaches your sphincter, she forces it back in. Her slick tongue once more grinding into your ass. Shoving its way back through the tired muscle, she sinks back to the… hilt. Uncomfortably full once more, you can’t help but shiver. Then she thrusts her tongue forward again. No human tongue could possibly extend so far up your ass. Impossibly, it keeps going. Then, finally, it stops. Wet muscle fills you nearly to bursting.

Your legs give out. Kogasa’s hands are now all that keeps you upright. Small tremors crawl up and down your body.

Pulling your head back, Kagerou grabs one of her breasts and presses it toward your mouth.
Nervously, you give the nipple a light kiss. Just tastes a little salty. Kogasa’s tongue finally slides out, your walls contracting around it. Her hands leave your hips. Your ass jerks back slightly, until the tip finally clears your entrance.

Kagerou shoves your head forward, stretching your lips wide open to fit her massive breast. Taut, soft flesh fills your mouth. She wants more. You slide your tongue along it, grazing her nipple. Kagerou hums.

Something cool and hard presses against your ass. Thinner than Kogasa’s tongue; some kind of rod? You try to ignore it. Kogasa can do what she wants. Kagerou demands your attention. You slide your tongue black down, then up again. Her nipple is rock hard. Then you stop and focus your attention on the nipple itself. You flick it with your tongue once or twice, then narrow your lips to give a hard suck. Kagerou lets out a heavy moan.

Good. She probably won’t hurt you. You gently pull yourself back to move to her other breast, as Kogasa’s rod pulls back.

Slam! Your whole body jerks forward as the rod crashes through, sinking deep into your ass. You stumble briefly, effectively impaled on Kogasa’s rod. Hard metal grinds against sensitive walls. Shaking, you try to focus on the breast, licking circles around the nipple. Kagerou wraps her arms around your back. You plant a kiss directly on the nipple, before clamping down on it. This time, you suck it gently, pressing your lips softly to it. You look up to Kagerou’s now softer face.

The rod pulls back, almost dragging your ass with it. It stops just short of exiting completely. Then it pushes forward again, shoving itself painfully deep inside you. It pulls back, then thrusts forward, scraping against your insides. You jerk and groan, muffled by Kagerou’s breast. Kogasa’s rod fucks you slowly at first. The pleasure of stimulation mixes with the pain of it’s hard, unyielding surface.

Slick, sticky fluid trickles down your leg, from your increasingly wet pussy.

Kogasa licks your now exposed clit. Pleasure blasts through your system. Quakes and spasms fire up and down your body as the rod pushes in and out. Your legs involuntarily clamp together as Kogasa rubs her tongue against you.

Then with one last, shuddering breath, you hit the edge. Time stands still.

This is it. Your first time. Not with a man or woman that you loved. But instead with a pair of strange, overpowering youkai. In the middle of nowhere. One of whom you’re certain you’ve never even met.

They barely even touched your pussy.

The rod surges forward, pushing you over. Pleasure now sears through you, and every ounce of strength evaporates. You sink forward, once more buried between Kagerou’s breasts.

Kagerou grabs you by the shoulders and eases you down. She gently lays your back on the cool grass. Blearily, you lift your head to see Kogasa kneel between your legs. Even now, you find the way she stares at it almost cute. Like a priestess before her god, or something. You pray she’s just admiring your crotch. Would be nice for a youkai to give you some space. Just once.

If only you could use their fixation on you, somehow. To hold others off, if nothing else.

Kagerou stands up, turns toward Kogasa, and plants her feet by your head.

Black, lacy panties slide down into view, held taut between a pair of furry legs. You look back up to see Kagerou’s firm, smooth ass as she lifts one leg, sliding it out of her panties. Not even bothering with the other leg, she drops her knees to the ground. Thick, heavy thighs slowly, deliberately sink on either side of your head, dragging her ass ever closer.

Kagerou’s ass fills your vision, as its weight settles against your face. Then one of your legs are flung up and over a shoulder. Kogasa drapes a leg over your other one.

Kogasa’s pussy presses against yours.

Nervously, you try to look up, but see nothing beyond Kagerou’s backside. Kagerou leans forward just a touch, sliding her pussy against your lips.

“You know what to do, right?”

There was still that threat, hidden in her voice. She still doesn’t trust you, and you still don’t know what she’ll do if you don’t cooperate. You give her pussy a kiss. She moans, softly this time. Almost cutely.

Then she clamps her furry thighs against your head, giving you a painful squeeze. She leans back, pressing your nose against her anus. Her ass fills your nostrils, smothering you. You press your tongue to her entrance, silently praying for mercy as your lungs strain. Kogasa slams her pussy against yours, shocking you with pleasure. The fire returns to your belly as she grinds against you.

Tears build in your eyes as pleasure builds in your crotch. You wrap your hands around Kagerou’s hips. You push your tiring tongue inside Kagerou’s folds, filling your tongue with her taste. Kagerou leans forward again, pressing herself to your lips. Finally free, your nose sucks in as much air as you can get. Kagerou’s smell still dominates it. You try to stir her up, pushing against her walls. You push in and out, trying to build a rhythm that’ll keep you going until she comes.

Then Kogasa’s pussy grazes your clit. You seize up for a second. Shocks fire across your body. Worried, you try to pick up the pace. Kagerou starts rocking against you, sliding her pussy against your face. You try to keep thrusting your tongue. In and out, in and out. Kagerou’s trembling, but Kogasa’s still rocking against you. Your crotch burns, your muscles quake, and you’re certain you won’t be moving once Kogasa finishes.

If Kagerou doesn’t climax, what’ll she do to you?

You pull your tongue out of Kagerou’s core, to slide up along her folds, as far as you can reach. Straining, you rub it against her clit. Kagerou quakes, leaning further, bringing her clit closer. You focus your efforts there. You press your tongue back and forth across it. Kagerou trembles.
You see, taste, and smell nothing but Kagerou. Her ass, her sweat, her arousal.

Kogasa smashes her pussy against yours. Your muscles seize. You’re almost there. Again. You drag your tongue back to Kagerou’s folds, ramming it in. In. Out. You pump it in and out as hard as you can, straining your neck and tongue to finish her off. Kagerou drags her clit against your chin, sending her off the edge. Heavy, powerful thighs lock together against your head, grinding your skull. A howling scream rips through the night as juices pour down your tongue.

Then Kogasa hits you just right, sending you off. Your breath catches as your body seizes. Pleasure overwhelms you as every muscle in your body quakes and spasms.

Then everything goes black.

Vision soon returns, followed by the scent of Kagerou’s ass. Long nails stroke your hair. Kagerou’s thighs still weigh down on you, her pussy resting on your lips.
“Just clean it up, okay?”

Slowly, you slide your tongue along Kagerou’s slit, still dripping with arousal. And slowly, her remaining juices slide down your tongue. Kogasa hugs your leg, kissing the heel.

Kagerou leans forward, planting her hands on your breasts. Idly, she pulls them away from each other, then pushes them against each other. Pain builds as she squeezes too tight, but mercifully, she lets go. Instead, she simply starts to knead them.

Kagerou releases your breasts to lean back, once more burying your nose in her ass. You suck air in through your mouth. Kagerou presses her heel against your entrance, now bringing only pain. She grinds slowly against it.

Finally, you lick what you hope to be the last traces of Kagerou’s arousal from her slit. The taste is gone, at least. Exhausted, you let your tongue fall back behind your lips.

Kagerou’s crotch finally slides out of view, dropping just behind your head. Once more the scents and taste of the cool night air fill your lungs. Finally, it’s over.

A pair of hands slide against your cheeks, lifting your head up. Grass rustles as Kagerou’s thighs sidle up against your shoulders. Kagerou lets go, dropping your head into her lap.
Dropping your head onto her bare pussy.

Whatever. It doesn’t matter anymore. Kogasa’s leg drapes across your torso, pressing its heel against your left breast. Kagerou’s fingers slide through your hair.

But that’s it. Maybe they’re satisfied. Maybe you’re just too tired to care anymore. But they’re… quiet now. Slowly, exhaustion takes its toll.

You fall asleep.
For most farmers, their worst year was either the Scarlet Mist Incident, or the endless winter. For your family, is was one bad summer.

Last year, a youkai attacked your home. The following night, another came. For weeks, they came. Some crept around your house, seeking open doors or loose windows. Others smashed their way in, through doors, windows, or walls. Some crashed through the ceiling, some dug up from the ground. A few slipped through cracks between the boards.

Some didn’t even wait for nightfall, striking in broad daylight as you worked the farm. It was never more than one or two at a time, but it never seemed to end. If not for Hiroki and Ayame, they would have taken you in the first few days.

Of course, you and your family were prepared for youkai attacks, as they were just part of life on the farms. But the constant barrage and lost sleep wore them down. You did what you could to ease their burdens, scaring off what youkai you could, without waking or calling for them. Unfortunately, you weren’t strong, gifted, or magical.

It was like every monster you imagined as a child was now terrifyingly real. Even the little detail that it was you, specifically, that they wanted.

Really, it was just the why that was different. The fact that the monsters had always technically been there didn’t help too much.

But your parents, your elder siblings, and even Youta helped keep them off you for weeks. Every night, they’d creep and crawl, or they’d bash the door down. But they never got past your family.

Until her.

That night, you were certain that it would happen. That she would have her way with you. It seemed as if nothing was going to come between this girl and what she wanted. Yet somehow, Ayame pulled through. You realized you could hold off the inevitable no longer. The next morning, you packed and moved to the village.

Then, one week ago, Ayame showed up, offering to escort you back home for a visit. You’d been apart for a year, after growing up your entire life with them. As unnerving as the farm had become, you couldn’t bear to say no.

The week flew by before you knew it. 
It was the last night of your visit. The weak, violet light of a late sunset poured in through the lone window of the warehouse loft. Thankfully, the orange light of your lamp drowned it out. You often came here when you were younger to vent frustrations, or just to be alone. This time, you kneeled over a simple page of numbers, glancing over it one more time. You’d already learned to read and write, so you’d been studying math.

A soft, cool breeze wafted in through the open window.

Then a slender hand cupped your chin. Looking up, you saw a stern face framed in short blonde hair, with a pair of leaves in it.

“Naoko Honda, right?” Her voice was small, but kind of silvery.

You wouldn’t mind listening to it a bit more.

“Yes?”

You couldn’t help the tone. How did she even get in here? The only thing on her slender frame was a simple red dress with its hem cut in an odd leaf-pattern. Did she fly in? Could she fly in?
“Good. I’m Shizuha Aki, you may have heard of me.”

Surprisingly, you had. Your older sister, Ayame, was a trained priestess, whose skill in exorcism had saved your ass several times during the bad summer. She was also the only priestess of Shizuha that you’d ever heard of.

Shizuha cleared her throat.

“I hate you.”

…What?

Did your sister’s own goddess personally visit you, just to say that?

You couldn’t decide whether to be hurt, or just shocked.

“You’re the reason I’ll lose my only priestess for miles.”

“…I’m not sure what you mean. You’re the only reason Ayame ever wanted to become a priestess in the first place.”

Shizuha let out a tired, frustrated sigh.

“Yes, I am.” She stepped forward to kneel in front of you.

“And she expects me to protect you, somehow. Like I’m one of the mountain goddesses, or something.” She looked down at your paper, scrutinizing it like it owed her money.

“You’re going to get raped by a youkai, you know that?”

That.

So, you had to address this, huh?

“Nonsense, they haven’t shown up for months.”

It was true. They hadn’t attacked once during your visit.

“And what happens when they do?”

“I-”

“Don’t bother.” Shizuha cut you off, levelling a glare at you. “Maybe it’ll be tomorrow. Or in a week. Or a month. But it’s going to happen. And you know what that’ll mean?”

“Ayame will give up on me, and move to someone stronger. Kanako, Bishamonten, maybe even the Hakurei god. It doesn’t even have a name, and it would probably do a better job than I ever could.”

“But doesn’t Kanako just ser-”

“Honestly.” Shizuha grabbed your cheeks, pulling your gaze to hers.

“What does she expect me to do? I turn leaves red, and knock them off trees.” She tilted your head slightly. “It’s enough for her little art club of a congregation, but I can’t part a sea.”

She let go. Turning around, she glided behind you.

“Honestly, I should just get it over with.”

You didn’t like the sound of that.

“Just fly over to the woods, leave you there, and watch the results.”

You turned around, scooting slowly back.

“Seriously, it’s such a pain the neck. Why bother doing anything for someone who’s just going to spit on me in a month?” She crept forward.

You bumped against the wall.

Shizuha’s hands slid onto your knees. Softly, she stroked your cheek.

“Lucky for you, I’m a problem solver. I can’t cure you, but I just might be able to help you.”

A smirk broke out across her face.

“I think I’ll dig a basement and lock you in it.”

You gulped. “I’d honestly rather you didn’t…”

“Oh, how about a cage then?”

You shook your head. Your sister’s goddess wasn’t this cold, was she?

“Fine. A leash it is. I suppose I could take you for the occasional walk that way.” Shizuha crawled onto your lap. She placed her hands on your shoulders.

You just shook your head again.

She let out a melodramatic sigh. “Oh fine. Then maybe you have some bright ideas?”

You looked away. It’s not like you never considered this, but what could you do? Anyone with any real power was either the very thing you feared, or was surrounded by such things.

She wrapped her arms around your back, pulling you forward just slightly. Then, she laid her head against your neck, hugging you.

“You can’t win, you know. Not like this. You really need to protect yourself.”

“But is there anything I can do?”

Shizuha pulled back, sliding her eyes down your body.

A short, tight breath. “Not my area of expertise. But I need you happy, for her.”

She leaned in, planting a short peck of a kiss on your cheek.

Pulling back, she continued. “So you need to figure something out, okay?”

She put on a thin smile that was probably supposed to be reassuring.

“I’ll try.”

Then she slid a hand down to your hip.

“Just remember, if you lose me one of my precious few priestesses, I will… punish you.”
You awake to the most girlish shriek you’ve ever heard. Shivering in the cold dew and grass of an early summer morning, you crane your head back. Kagerou stands behind you, fuzzy legs crossed and arms wrapped tight around her breasts. What the hell?

“Wh… I- w- d-” Half-formed sounds tumble out of her mouth as her skin burns cherry red.

Meanwhile, a pair of breasts squirm against your thigh, smooth slit sliding pressing against the knee. Kagerou steps around you, reaching down to pick up a black bra on the way. You try to pull yourself up, only for pain to flare across your back. Flexing your arms and legs, you find most of your body sore.

At least you can taste things other than Kagerou now. Glancing back at her, you realize the fur’s noticeably thinner now. Even at its thickest, it’s not really a carpet anymore. It’s more ‘hairy’ than ‘furry’ now. As she slides the black panties up her legs, you could swear there’s something missing there.

Split personality? Was she drunk? Drugged?

No, she was definitely under the effect of… whatever you have.

Does sex cure it?

If so, you hope it’s not just that. You barely made it through two youkai at once. The amount you’d need go through to achieve any real safety out here would be just impossible. Still, it’s be better than nothing, you guess.

Kagerou flips her hair out and over her dress. Something is definitely different about her head.

“What’s your name?”

“Naoko.” That goddamn voice. You’re not sure you can say no to her any more. Not for a while, at least.

Then she launches into the air and disappears. Just like that.

“Boo!” Pain screams through your body as you launch into a sitting position. Kogasa just shouted that… into your pussy. What the hell is it with her and vocalizing to your genitals? And she has the gall to give you the brightest, most cheery smile you’ve ever seen.

At least she’s let go of your leg.

Then she just stands up and grabs her own light blue panties.

“You’re the most surprise-able person I’ve ever met.”

“Have you actually shouted into someone’s crotch before?”

“Well, not really…” She blushes at that.

Kogasa’s different too. She’s not alarmed, but she’s giving you space now. Maybe the sex really does cure it.

“But you know, your ass was just sooo delicious.”

Guess not.

“I wonder if I could eat something from it?”

Your head turns to her. She’s sliding her vest over the blouse. The skirt’s already there. She walks toward you, finger to her chin.

“Maybe sushi?”

She’s not serious, is she?

“Nah, I should start with something simple, like carrots or cucumbers.”

Please, for the love of god, don’t let her be serious.

She drops to her knees next to you. Then grips the bottom of her vest. In one motion, she pulls it, along with her blouse, up above her breasts. Glistening nipples and pale pink areola greet you.

Either you’ve been desensitized to nudity very quickly, or you’re just too damn tired and sore to care that she’s flashing you.

She drops it back down, then shrugs.

“It was worth a try. Here.” She drops her bra on in your lap.

You look up at her.

“Wolfy broke yours, remember?”

Your camisole, right. Torn apart, like your obi.

As weird as it feels to use someone else’s underwear, your hands appear to be tied here. You flex your arms a bit, testing their capabilities. Most of your strength is back, at least.

You push your arms through the straps, then pull the bra over your shoulders and try to work the clasp.

“Here, I’ll get it.” Kogasa leans in and snaps it shut.

It… hangs a bit loose, but it’s probably better than nothing. Mostly hides the naughtiest bits, at least.

Kogasa hands you your panties. You slide them down your legs, slowly, to ease the strain.
They don’t feel too great. But again, not really any options.

Then Kogasa presents you with your kimono. It’s… seen better days. It was only ever a cheap single-layer affair, but it did the job. Without anything to properly tie it together though…

Grunting, you throw it over your shoulders and push your arms through the sleeves. Slowly, you haul yourself upright and, clutching the sides, wrap it around you yourself. You’ll show a lot of skin if you ever need your hands for anything.

“Oh wait!”

Kogasa gives you a peppy smile and places her finger to her lips.

“You know, I can still taste it a little… wanna share?”

…What?

Oh. Oh hell.

“No.”

Kogasa shrugged, grinning. “Suit yourself, I suppose.”

“So where do you want to go?”

“I think I’ll just go back to the village.”

“Okie-dokie.”

And just like that, Kogasa scoops you up in her arms, pulling you into a princess carry. You’re not entirely comfortable resting against her bust, but you’re far too tired to complain.

“Hey, I just thought of something.” Kogasa leaps forward, clutching you tight. “I don’t think I’ve ever had sex before. That’s kind of a weird thing for an umbrella to do, huh?”

Is that the part she’s concerned with?

“Anyway, I’m pretty sure that’s normally something only lovers do…” She skips between a pair of trees. “But I don’t think we are, yet…” You wrap your arms around her neck as she slips beneath a low branch. “And then there’s wolfy. She also had sex with you.”

“But a single night doesn’t make us lovers, right?”

“Hm…” Kogasa hummed thoughtfully. “But we’re going to have more, right? A lot more?”

Shit, you should have seen that coming. “Uh. I can’t say we won’t…” It sounds lame, but you are not giving her any reason to turn around.

“Good enough for me! And if you don’t feel like it, then I just gotta force you again, right?”

“Please don’t.” She knew she was doing that?

“Hm, hmm~” Kogasa hums. She pulls you in for a hug, nuzzling her cheek against yours.

She skips out of the woods, onto the packed dirt of the road. You see the village walls in the distance as the sun rises behind you.

Then her feet leave the ground. And the hand on your back slides to your butt. Because of course it does.

Then she starts stroking it. Mercifully, her levitation covers ground fast, and you soon reach the gates.

How on earth did you ever expect to outrun her?

“Stop right there.”

Two guardsmen stand in front of the gatehouse, spears pointed directly at you. Sunlight shines off lightly plated armor.

“Let her down.” The right one says.

“Uh, okay!” Kogasa sets you down. Your muscles protest, but you don’t quite collapse. It’s only when your bare feet touch the ground, that you realize you left something behind.

The right one gestures his spear toward you. “You may enter.”

Cautiously, you limp past the guards, reaching the gate. Their spears remain trained on Kogasa.

“Oh, come on! I’ve been behaving. I haven’t hurt anyone yet!”

Your hands reach the gate as another pair touches your shoulders. They spin you around, pulling you face to face with Kogasa again. She plants a full kiss on your lips, then pulls back.

She sticks out her tongue. “You haven’t seen the last of me!”

She lets out a short giggle and allows the guards to pull her away.

Awkwardly, you wave at her before turning back around to open the gate.

You close the gate behind you, walking through the dimly lit chamber of reinforced wood. It’s like a miracle. You’re finally inside the walls, and both your captors are gone. Finally, you’re safe.

You open the second gate, and step down onto the village’s main thoroughfare.

Even in the early morning hours, merchants, artisans, and visitors fill the streets here. Shakily, you push your way into the crowd, clutching your loose kimono around you. Mercifully, no one seems to notice.

You still can’t quite get over the sheer gulf in the youkai’s behavior between last night and now. You step off the busy market streets to a small residential district. The streets here are quiet, but noticeably thinner.

Kogasa wasn’t too different, just more sedate in her perversion than expected. But Kagerou? The one who did all of that? And she’s the one to freak out?

As if you’d forced it on her?

You pass by a few small houses to reach a small apartment block. You take one hand off your kimono to push open the door to your house.

There’s not much inside. A futon in the far-left corner, a thin wardrobe lining the right wall, and a low table in the near-left corner. A pair of romance novels by your bed are the most personal items you own. Soft, slow romance. You close the door behind you.

You drag yourself to the futon and drop to your knees.

You’re home. You’re safe.

Now you just need to stay that way. And at this point, you may need to address your little talent to so. It’s not like the village is completely free of youkai, after all.

But you still don’t know much. It sends nearby youkai into a frenzy, but last night was not your first encounter with Kogasa. She’d tried to scare you or sell you a lock once or twice before.

Is that normal, or was Kogasa an exception? You’re pretty sure you never met Kagerou before last night, and she was worse. Which one was the exception?

Sex does not cure the effects of your talent, does it? It certainly didn’t cure Kogasa.

You can’t help but rub your ass at the thought.

Then you look down your torso. With your hands resting against the futon, there’s little to hide your smooth belly, or Kogasa’s ill-fitting bra, from the world. You can’t keep walking around in this. And then there’s the lingering smell you’ve been ignoring.

You need to wash the sex off.

Grumbling, you haul yourself to your feet. You open your wardrobe to pull out a simple, rustic red kimono. Then you grab a simple gray bra and matching pair of panties. Closing the wardrobe, you bundle them up with a small bag of coins. Wrapping your current kimono around yourself again, you press the bundle to your chest to help keep the kimono closed.
Precisely who does your aura affect anyway? Are ex-humans affected? What about fairies? Or…

“I will… punish you.”

Are gods vulnerable to it?

What about magicians or hermits?

Shaking the thought off, you push your door open and step back into the streets. Making your way to the bathhouse, you’re once more brought back to alert. You scan the crowd for rabbit ears, red hats with puffballs, giant pink clouds, and anything else you can think of.

Mercifully, the trip to the bathhouse is uneventful. Your muscles still creak and groan, but you’re getting used to it.

Stepping inside, you hand the attendant coins for admittance, and a little extra for soap and a towel. Collecting the items, you proceed to through the pink curtain. Warm steam and quiet dripping greet you on the other side. Smooth, moist tiles greet your feet as you walk through the largely empty room.

There are the usual shelves, buckets, and pools. But otherwise you’re largely alone.

Not really a surprise though; the baths are usually more of an evening activity anyway.

You set your bundle on a shelf, then shrug off your kimono and set it next to the bundle. Your panties and Kogasa’s bra soon follow. Then, stepping back, you settle onto a stool. You take the soap and lather up. You need a plan. Sliding the lather down your arms and legs, you consider your options.

You’re up against potentially terrifying youkai. Small spells or weak gods might buy you time, but they won’t save from the big ones. You need an ace.

You get more lather and rub it up and down your torso. A strong guardian would be nice, but your hope of relying on any of them is negligible. You rub your lathered hands across your face, almost hoping to just wish the frustration away.

Warm water crashes over you.

You spin around to find a slender woman holding an upturned bucket. Her scowl and short, blonde hair are familiar, but you can’t quite place it. Her breasts are also a bit smaller than your own, barely large enough to wrap a hand around, you think.

“So, how was your night?” She all but growled.

Shizuha.

You open your mouth, only for her to cut you off.

“You reek of sex. Or you did, I suppose. Please, do tell me how that happened.”

Of all the things you could say, you decide to settle on simple honesty. After all, Kogasa’s still around, apparently ready to lovingly describe every detail. The incident with the guards will probably keep her out of your hair for a while, but she’s coming back.

That’s just who she is.

“I didn’t make it.”

Shizuha lets out a surprisingly soft sigh. Then she grabs your wrist and drags you over to the bath. She settles in. You slip one foot into the hot water, then the other. Slowly, you ease yourself down next to her.

“Ayame’s not the only one who’s worried, you know. She’s just the only one silly enough to ask a nobody like me for help.” Shizuha grumbles, but slides her arm around your back, giving a gentle squeeze. “You wanna talk about it?”

“Not really.” You’d rather just forget it happened.

Shizuha lets out a long sigh. “Guess I just have to tell Ayame I failed then. I wonder who she’ll follow next.”

“You don’t have to, do you?”

“Asking a goddess to lie now, are you?” Shizuha turns toward you, sliding her arm back. She sits on your feet, looking right at you. “Now tell me, do you think I should also lie the next time this happens? What about the time after that?”

She pulls you in. Water swishes as she all but presses her breasts against yours. “And what should I say when she inevitably learns the truth, hm?”

“There won’t be a next time.” You almost pout.

“Oh, so you did come up with something?”

You nudge her back and stand up.

“I have a few… ideas.” You turn around and step out of the bath.

You take a bucket of cool water and pour it over yourself. You then grab your towel and start drying yourself off. You’re only hope of true safety is to make a powerful ally soon, but even attempting to do so will put you in substantial danger. Rubbing the last bit of excess moisture out, you head to the shelves to grab your fresh clothes.

A wet hand grabs your shoulder and spins you around. Shizuha plants a soft kiss on your lips. She then blushes and looks away.

Confused, you reach for your panties and slide them up your legs. Shizuha starts drying off as you grab the bra. Sliding it over your arms, you snap it shut.

“So, who was it?”

“What?”

“Who did it to you?”

You’d really just rather forget.

“Can we talk about it later?”

“Fine.”

You pull the red kimono over your shoulders, carefully setting it into position. Then you wrap the obi around it and tie it off.
You’re finally dressed.

Which is when a now dry hand slides down your back. Shizuha wraps her arms around your torso, pulling you close.

“I’m not letting you go anymore, you know.”

“So, where to?” 
“There’s a little bookstore I want to visit.”

“A bookstore? I suppose that would be safe enough. Lead the way then, mortal.” You’re sure she’s at least mostly joking with that last remark.

Shizuha lets go and you fix a pair of sandals onto your feet, then step onto the road. She falls into step beside you. She’s still wearing that red dress. You pass through streams of people, tuning out the low din of constant conversation to scan the faces that pass by.

There are plenty of youkai working or hiding in the village, and any one of them could bring about a repeat of last night. Furthermore, it’s only a matter of time before Kogasa returns. Weeks, at most.

You don’t have time to learn magic or exorcism. You can never quite be certain who’s youkai and who’s human. You barely even know the first thing about your little talent. You need information. Right the fuck now.

But this is not the first time you sought to correct this problem. In fact, you’ve searched every library and bookstore in the village to find clues to your nature. Well, all but one.

There is one store you’ve never dared touch. A store almost infamous for the strange events that cluster around it. No one’s quite certain why they happen, but in Gensokyo, it’s not hard to make an educated guess. Before, that was why you steered clear. Now it might just be your only hope.

Suzunaan.

There is, without a doubt, some sort of mystical influence there. Probably youkai. If you’re lucky, the visit will be uneventful. If not, then at least you’ll still be inside the walls, during the day. You need to take a risk now, or face certain peril later. And sadly, this is your best shot.

Then a thought strikes you.

“By the way, don’t you have some divine duties to attend to?”

“Goddess of Autumn, holding duties during the summer? Ridiculous.” Shizuha sneers, perhaps at fate itself.

“My sister has plenty to do, watching the crops and everything.” She lets out a quiet grumble. “What would I do? Paint trees out of season?” She scoffs. “That would go over well.”

“…Huh.” A part-time goddess? She’s right about Minoriko though. That girl spends tons of time around the farms. Supposedly, she’s checking the crops and preparing them for harvest. But you sometimes wonder if she’s just looking for free food from pious farmers. Or just making sure they don’t forget her; she does seem to offer food as often as the takes it. Still, something bugs you.

“You sure you want to stick to me like this?” You can’t help it. People getting clingy never ends well for you.

“It’s that or let you get fucked again.” You can’t help but wince at that. Does she have to be so damn blunt about it? “Besides, even if I didn’t need your sister so badly, I feel like I should at least try to protect you.”

That sounds reasonable enough. You hope.

You weave your way to a quiet street, just off the markets, near the wall. Not too many major businesses here, which is a mixed blessing. There are fewer strange faces to pick through, so the less human-like youkai are easier to pick out. But there are also fewer witnesses and capable fighters, so if something does go down, you’re in trouble.

Still better than the wilds, probably.

Finally, you stand before a simple doorway draped with small banners. Like with Kogasa, you’d made it a point to learn precisely where this is, to better avoid it whenever you had to come close.

Swallowing hard, you lift the banner and step into Suzunaan. It’s… dark. Sure, the doorway faces away from the sun, but the murky shadow smothering the interior still stuns you. Towering bookshelves, stacked so full of books that they pile on top, lurk in the shadows. Deep shade hides most of the walls, giving off the illusion of a vast, cavernous chamber.

“Good morning.” The attendant says, all bubbles and sunshine. Short, orange hair with little bells in it. Not a youkai, to your knowledge. She sits behind a simple table with a cup of writing utensils and a strange bronze instrument on top. A horn of some kind, maybe. “Is there something you’re looking for?”

“Yes. A book on youkai.”

She smiles, blankly, for a moment.

“…Like the Memento?”

“Not… quite.” You’ve skimmed through a copy of that once. It helped to pick out a few youkai you otherwise wouldn’t have noticed, but that’s about it. Youkai get too weird around you for main contents to be of any real use.

“Something more about how they act in general or…” You can’t help but blush at this, but you need the information, “their sexuality, especially.” A youkai mood-killer might save your ass. Or piss them off. That’s the trade-off when dealing with beings more powerful than you, you suppose.

“I honestly, sincerely, doubt that would help you, Naoko.” And Shizuha’s just a ray of sunshine, isn’t she?

“I- I don’t think we have anything so lewd.” The girl’s face is quite a bit redder than yours, but she maintains a mostly professional mask despite that. She steps out from behind the desk. She apparently favors a somewhat western fashion, with the red checkerboard shirt and green skirt under that apron.

‘Kosuzu’. That’s not the store’s name, is it hers?

“It might not be exciting enough but… Maybe a demonology book?”

She leads you down one of about… four isles, you think. The shadows make everything seem large and enigmatic, so you can’t be certain. She pulls down a black book bound in what looks like actual silver. Some odd red runes decorate the cover.

“It mostly describes some older youkai that don’t really appear anymore, but it does contain some speculations about their general behavior…” She pulls a sticker off the front edge and offers the book.

“Thanks, I’ll give it a look.” Gingerly, you take it up.

“I’m Kosuzu, by the way.” So, it was her name.

You open the cover.

A strange, crawling energy surges through you, then fades away. When it’s over, you’re still standing between shadowed shelves and creepier books. Shizuha and Kosuzu are still there. Relieved, you glance through the book. The inside cover contains an illustration of a woman with an intricate red dress and white hair cascading down her back. Odd veiny… shapes float behind her. Wings, maybe? The first page contains what appears to be a title.

In what sure as hell isn’t Japanese. Or English. Or any script you can identify. You skim through the next few pages. Sure enough, more gibberish. Then you stop.

You’re staring at a page with an illustration of a woman with large, purple wings. There’s a title just underneath, with smaller type in short clusters beneath that. Some kind of stats? The other page is a wall of incoherent text. Then the title changes.

‘Vampire’ it says. The text beneath changes as well. ‘Habitat: Lakes, marshes, and other still bodies of water.’ Then the next one: ‘Skills: Sucking blood, creating thralls, and molesting young maidens.’

Weird.

‘Demeanor: Proud, ambitious, horny.’

‘Desires: Naoko’s pussy.’

The book crashes to the floor. Shizuha looks at you.

“Uh, Naoko? What was that about?”

Kosuzu scrambles to pick the book off the ground. She looks at it, confused.

You stare at it for a moment, half-expecting the illustration to rise out and, well, do what the book implied. Are you seeing things now? What the hell was that?

“Are you okay, Ms. Naoko?”

You take a deep breath to still your shaking legs. “I’m fine, I just… thought I saw semen.”

The other two freeze. It takes a minute to realize what just escaped your tongue.

“Something. I just saw something.” You reach for the book. Tentatively, Kosuzu hands it back.

You flip through it, soon finding the page with the purple-winged woman. It’s back to that alien script. You stare for a moment, but nothing happens. Maybe it was just… what?

You’ve slept. You’ve had a good bath. You’re only moderately hungry.

You can’t be hallucinating. Not naturally, anyway.

Sighing, you hand it back.

“I can’t rape-” You cough. “Read. I can’t read it.”

“Are you okay?” Shizuha slides her palm across your head. It doesn’t feel especially cold.

“I’m fine.” Sudden inexplicable vulgarity aside, you feel just like you normally do. You need a something readable. “I need a bitch, I mean book, I can rim. Read.”

“Uh, Ms. Naoko, maybe you should sit down?”

Something about Kosuzu’s face and tone doesn’t sit right with you. Like she’s nervous for the wrong reasons, somehow.

Still, that may not be a terrible idea. Something’s wrong, and if it’s anything like your normal experience with the supernatural, it’s because something wants to fuck you. Possibly worse.

Still, in the grand scheme of things, you’re blind. And this is your one shot to finally know what the hell is going on.

Goddamnit.

“I… I don’t nude. Know. I dick know. Don’t. I- Screw it.” Something’s very wrong. Something is screw. You need to know something about either youkai or your talent, but what do you do?

Shizuha steps beside you and grabs your wrist.

“We’re leaving.” She drags you back toward the entrance. You want to resist her; you might have finally been able to learn something crucial about yourself. But you’re also happy for an excuse to get the hell out of here. In the end, you let her lead you away.

“Goodbye then, I guess. If you come back, I’m sure I can find the right book for you.” There’s a weird tone of relief mixed into the more obvious disappointment. Is she hiding something?

Shizuha parts the banners, just as your torso freezes.

Your arms slam against your sides as bright, red light flashes around you. A red ring of light materializes around your midsection, decorated in those damn runes.

The light dies down as more runes form above and below the ring. It dims to a strong glow. Your sandals scrape against the hardwood floor. Air glides past as the ring drags you back into the bookstore. You plant for feet into the floor, but that just knocks your sandals off. Then the ring stops, holding you in front of the main desk.

You strain forward, barely budging. You strain back, moving only slightly more. You kick your legs out, and they swing through the air, your body still suspended in the ring. They fall back down. You stretch out your arms, finding that your forearms, at least, can leave your sides. They can’t move far, but the circle does not bind them the way it does your upper arms.

Shizuha sprints back. “What the hell is this?” She reaches for the ring, only for her hands to slide through. She circles around behind you.

“You’re really going to keep me busy, huh?” She grumbles.

Her arms wrap around your yours and your midriff. Locking together, she strains, her arms digging into your gut as she pulls.

You shift backward very slightly.

“Help me out, Kosuzu.”

“Oh, okay!”

Kosuzu circles around in front of you and plants her hands against you, just under your breasts. She presses hard against your ribs. Nothing. She throws herself against you, grinding her elbow into your gut. You don’t even budge. Then the elbow and arms relax, either resting or giving up.

You spring back to your previous position. The circle still binds you. It appears to have a sort-of rest state, from which strenuous exertion barely shifts you.

You can’t escape on your own.

An odd voice rattles through your head, thin and raspy, but clearly feminine.

Your bare feet rub against hardwood as the circle drags you once more. Alarmed, you twist and turn, but don’t even slow it down. You find it’s barely moved you, just positioned you to face the table corner. Then, slowly, it slides you forward, until the coarse edge presses against your crotch. Your legs squirm, seeking a comfortable position. It presses forward again. Both your kimono and panties fold inward, parting your lower lips.

“Begone!” Shizuha commands. “Depart. Dispel. I banish you!”

She can’t save you.

Apparently Shizuha’s trying to exorcise the circle. You twist your forearms to plant your hands on the table and push. It’s far too heavy to even budge, and you can’t get the leverage to even budge your torso this time. The ring rotates very slightly, rubbing your pussy against the corner.

That’s when a white clay bottle floats into view, transparent liquid sloshing inside. You clamp your mouth shut, but a hand to reaches out and snatch it away.

You turn to see Shizuha as she wrestles with it. It struggles against her grip, but she forces it to her lips and chugs. She stares your stomach down as she drinks. With one final gulp, she sets the bottle back on the table. She sways slightly, but sets her gaze toward you.

“Ha! You’ll have to try harder than that.”

The ring flares out a short burst of light, then dies back down to normal. Anger? Frustration? Either way, there’s a definite blush on Shizuha now. Either she’s tipsy, or just embarrassed by your predicament.

Kosuzu sneaks behind Shizuha, toward the exit.

“Hey! Where do you think you’re going?” Shizuha spins on her.

Kosuzu rubs the back of her head, then gives a deep bow. “I’m sorry! I can’t help, but I know someone who can.” She runs to the doorway.

She stops, just before reaching the banner. Turning around, she shuffles back toward you.

“Eh-he. Sorry, I but just got a better idea.” She stares straight at you. There’s now a jarringly lascivious undercurrent to her otherwise bubbly voice.

Kosuzu’s bells jingle as she approaches. The circle pulls you back, then slowly rotates you to face her. Shizuha places herself between you and Kosuzu. Kosuzu idly pushes her away. She throws her yellow apron up and over her shoulders, tossing it aside. She stands before you and slides a hand between your breasts, down to your stomach.

Shizuha steps behind Kosuzu and grabs her wrists. Straining, she tries to pull them away. Kosuzu just slides a hand over your breast, dragging Shizuha’s with it. She brings the other hand up to your other breast. She slides them underneath, cupping the bra beneath your kimono.

“Get. Away. From. My. Property!” Shizuha grips Kosuzu’s wrists and throws her weight back. She pulls the hands back slightly.

Kosuzu then slams her foot into Shizuha’s stomach, blasting her into a bookshelf. Wood crunches and books crash over her.

“Shizuha!”

Shocked and appalled, you writhe in the circle. You can’t help her, you can’t fight Kosuzu. Straining, you do the only thing that comes to mind. You swing a foot back. Then you drop it to throw it up between Kosuzu’s legs. With a hard thump, it connects. Kosuzu’s entire body jerks upward. There’s no balls there, but you know that still hurts like hell.

Your foot drops back to the floor, wet and sticky. Not with blood.

You look back to Kosuzu, who’s breathing heavy. She slides her hands around your bound arms, then links them behind your back. She rests her head in your breasts. She lets out a happy sigh.

“Hey, before we get dirty, how about you do that again…”

I can help.

“Kosuzu, why are you doing this?”

Sign a contract with my author, and I can dispel this demon.

She looks back up to you, eyes glowing a faint red.

“Kosuzu? I’m just doing what the vampire does, remember?”

Vampire? What does… The book. That goddamn black book.

The goddess is back up. Send her to the violet book.

Shizuha? You glance over the orange hair buried in your chest. Sure enough, she’s pulling herself back up.

I can guide her, but she needs your command.
“Shizuha, the bookshelves! Look for a violet b- urgkh!”

Kosuzu’s hands squeeze tight around your breasts. She pulls her head out of them, her bells jingle as she raises it to level a black glare at you.

Shizuha scrambles behind her.

Books and scrolls tumble off the shelves all around you, flying toward her.

Kosuzu grips your chin, pulling your eyes back to hers.

“Tell me, Naoko. What the hell do you think you’re doing?”

Kosuzu squeezes her your breast tight and yanks. Pain burns through your chest as ligaments and tissue strain against her iron grip. For a terrifying moment, it feels like she’s about to rip it clean off.

Then she lets go. Your breast settles back into place, suddenly quite sore.

Kosuzu huffs. A proud, stubborn sort of huff.

“It doesn’t matter, really. I’ll just have to wrap the girl up and see if she’s any good as a sex toy.” She says, in a voice that’s too bubbly for the husky tone she’s using.

Books clatter and scrolls unwrap behind you.

“You, however, are mine.”

Kosuzu leans back in. Her hands slide around your back, into your obi. Your muscles twist and strain, but fail to move you within the ring. In seconds, Kosuzu’s work is done, as your obi falls to the floor. Mercifully, with your arms pinned so tight against your sides, the kimono barely moves.

Then Kosuzu slides her hands up to your shoulders, under your dress. Gently, she slides it down, baring first your shoulders, then your upper arms. Then, gently sliding her hands to your belly, she parts the dress. Your kimono falls completely open, barely held to your body by locked arms.

Her eyes open wide, like a hungry dog.

Good, good. Keep her distracted a bit longer.

More clatter occurs beside you, and a brief glance reveals Shizuha sidestepping a pair of scrolls, with a purple book in her hands. She appears to be fidgeting with i-

Kosuzu plants her hands under your breasts. With a quick push, she slides your bra up and off them. Exposed to the cool, dry air of the bookstore, your nipples start to harden. Your bra now sits awkwardly bunched up above them. Kosuzu slides down to a crouch. Gripping the sides of your panties, she glides them down to your ankles.

Kosuzu stares, transfixed, at your bare pussy.

The doorway is so close. You might even be able to escape right now before she notices. If you could just fucking move.

Breaking the trance, she grabs an ankle. You twist your leg, trying to extract it from her grip. Almost idly, she pulls it up and out of the garment. She leaves the other where it is. She plants her hands on your ass, squeezing the cheeks.

Then she raises her head back to your chest and plants a soft, short kiss on the underside of your breast.

I’m free!

“On behalf of my author, I offer Lady Naoko Honda a contract. In return for-”

Kosuzu’s tongue slides in slow, lazy circles around your breast’s perimeter. You try to focus on the voice as she circles inward.

“…a period of one week-”

Stinging pain lurches through your breast. Kosuzu sunk her teeth into your nipple, gnawing at the tender flesh. She releases her teeth to suck on your abused nipple. She hums.

She lets go with a wet pop. Moving to the other breast, she opens wide.

“…power. What do you say?”

“Y-mmph!”

Kosuzu smashes her lips against yours. You lean back, only for her hand to wrap around your scalp, pulling you back in. Moisture trickles down your leg. Kosuzu’s tongue pushes forward. You offer only token resistance, waiting for a chance to act. Her tongue pushes past your teeth to slide along yours.

Desperate, you kick at her again. Her legs are closed, so you swing at her from the side. You get a happy moan, but nothing else. You kick again, and again. Your lungs burn as she slides her tongue from side to side.

For a moment, your vision blurs.

She pulls out, giving you precious moments to suck in air.

Then, once your desperation dies down, you take in a quieter, controlled breath.

“I d-ghk.”

A thick, snake-like tentacle coils around your head, crushing your cheeks and sinking between your teeth.

“I think I’ll just keep this here, pet.”

Kosuzu steps backward. She gives her skirt a few tugs, then it just slides down her legs, exposing a cute, if simple, pair of pink panties. The skirt pools around her boots. She kicks it to the side and, with just the one hand, throws her checkerboard shirt over her head and tosses it away as well. She leans forward, popping the top button off her white undershirt. Undoing the next few buttons she exposes a matching bra atop her modest bust. One by one, leaning closer each time, she undoes the rest of the shirt. She shrugs it off.

The discarded clothes slide into the shadows, across a surprisingly clear floor. Where did all those books and scrolls go?

A few more books tumble behind you as Kosuzu rips her bra off.

Then Shizuha floats back into view, naked save for the scrolls wound tight around her body, her arms twisted tight behind her. It’s almost impressive, the way they wind up her legs, skip the pussy and large patch of blonde hair, then wrap once just below the breasts and once above, then up again, finishing off with what almost looks like a collar around her neck.

Either gods don’t need to breathe, or that scroll is a hell of a lot looser around the neck than her reddening breasts. The way they jut out past the bindings makes them look large and full. She wiggles, a little, but either she’s entirely bound or, like you, she’s saving her energy.

Kosuzu then kicks her boots off, having apparently unwound the strings at some point. Lifting one foot, she slides her sock off. She lifts the other and pulls it off as well.

Shizuha floats closer, almost bumping up against Kosuzu.

Kosuzu turns to Shizuha, who leans her head back. Kosuzu grabs Shizuha’s jaw. Pulling it closer, she forces it open and stuffs the socks inside, one at a time. Shizuha gags, her once-pristine hair jerking forward. Another scroll slides across the white wool stretching her lips, then circles behind her neck and wraps itself around her jaw. It takes a few circuits before it’s finished.

With Shizuha bound, you’re almost out of hope.

“Mrgph!” You cry, more in desperation than any expectation of an answer.

Kosuzu turns back to you. She rolls her eyes dramatically. She shimmies her panties down her legs. She steps out of them, picking them up with her free hand.

She lifts the panties up over Shizuha’s head and stretches them over her ragged hair, making a perverted little ‘hat’. Satisfied, she gives Shizuha’s head a quick pat, then turns back to you. She sidles up, pressing her body against yours. She parts her lips, revealing a thick, black tongue. Then the tongue slides out.

It’s… very round. It flares near the tip, then tapers off into almost a bell-shape, with a small hole at the end.

That thing turned this girl’s tongue into a goddamn cock. All it’s missing is the vertical slit at the end.

“I’m gonna unwind my baby now. Be a good girl and kiss the tongue, okay?”

You nod, quickly. The tentacle on your head slides down to your neck. Just as it leaves your lips, it gives a single, threatening squeeze. Then her… ‘tongue’ slides forward, it’s head all but touching your lips.

“Ple-ghk!” The tentacle squeezes your throat.

Panting, you lean forward. You place a light, shaking kiss on the soft head of the cock. It slides back behind Kosuzu’s lips.

“There we go. See, you could do it if you tried!” Kosuzu cups your cheeks. “Unlike this bitch.” She nods her head to the side.

Soft flesh crashes against the hardwood floor. Shizuha collapsed, still bound by those scrolls.

“Honestly, she’s so pathetic. I just don’t know what you see in her.” Kosuzu places another light kiss on your lips. “Besides, why be with one girl, when you could be with hundreds?”

“All those demons, spirits, and nightmares… I have every single one of them stored inside me, you know?”

“This piece of shit couldn’t compete with even one of them.” Kosuzu glances to the side, idly kicking Shizuha’s stomach. “I think she’s staring straight at your poor little virgin pussy right now. You should punish her for such lechery. Kick her for me, would you?”

You remain still.

“Oh well.” Kosuzu slides that disgusting tongue back out.

“Suck on it.”

She didn’t even move her lips to talk. You remain still for a moment, only to get another warning squeeze to your neck.

Obediently, you part your lips. Slowly, you lean in, dreading every moment. Your lips envelop the soft head first, stretching to fit the whole thing inside. You squeeze your eyes shut, trying to ignore the cock’s foul taste. Kosuzu pulls your head forward, forcing the shaft inside. Thankfully, it’s short. Barely any longer than the head.

You slide your tongue along the cock’s underside, forcing back a gag. Kosuzu presses her lips to yours. Is this a french kiss or a blowjob? Kosuzu’s body jerks and you hear a hard thump beneath you, followed by a muffled groan.

“Really, trying to steal my pet like that. What a bitch.” She doesn’t even break the kiss to say that.

Please, let Shizuha come out of this okay.

Kosuzu slides a hand down to your crotch. Slowly, she rubs your pussy.

Her cock thrusts forward, forcing its way to your throat. It stops. You take slow, steady breaths through your nose. It pulls back. The head bumps against your lips.

Then it thrusts itself back in. Kosuzu’s leg jerks again, followed by another thump and a groan. This time, it stays there, extended, and rotates slowly. Fabric twists beneath you, accompanied by a muffled hiss.

Kosuzu’s tongue pulls back. Then it surges forward, hitting your throat and pushing through. Your throat seizes as you gag on her cock. It pulls back and pushes forward, as it builds up a rhythm. Back and forth, Kosuzu face-fucks you with her tongue. As her cock pounds your throat, you twist and strain your body against the red ring. To no avail.

Kosuzu breaks the kiss, leaving her cock behind. Some sort of sticky, fleshy substance seals over your mouth, trapping it inside.

“Can’t have you saying any naughty words now, can we?”

The head sits at the back of your mouth, almost blocking your throat. Paper shuffles below you. Looking down, you find Shizuha twisting and turning in her bindings as her head slides between your legs. The scroll left her mouth, exposing the now spit-soaked bundle of wool inside. She pulls her head up and spits them out. Then her face disappears, now hidden beneath your crotch. Smaller red rings flare to life around your ankles, locking them in position. The rings drag them apart, spreading your legs and baring your pussy to the world.

Then the red ring sinks down, dragging you with it. Shizuha screams. Her body shakes and writhes, desperately seeking escape as you sink closer. You twist and strain again, as her body rises to meet you. But the ring continues its journey, inexorably dragging your body with it. Your ass sinks over Shizuha’s face, her hot breath brushing against your asshole. Her nose rubs against your crack.

Kosuzu plops her ass down on Shizuha’s stomach, staring almost rapturously at your pussy. Which is leaking a small stream of your juices down Shizuha’s chin. Letting out a heavenly sigh, she leans down to place a firm, wet kiss on it. She leans back up and scoots forward, deliberately rubbing her legs and crotch against Shizuha’s tormented breasts. Then, pressing her ass against them, she drapes her arms over you.

There’s a flash of red light behind you. She pulls back one hand to reveal a black dildo.

“You know where I’m putting this, right? After all, there’s really only one place left.” She slips it into her mouth. Then, popping it back out, she presses it against your collarbone. She meanders it down between your breasts, and down your shallow stomach, to press it against your entrance.

In one harsh motion, she slams it in. The tongue-cock bounces against your tongue as your head bounces forward. You groan in pain as much as pleasure, as the fleshy shaft grinds against your folds. She stops. You hear a strange, almost grinding noise below you. Shizuha screams into your ass.

“Hey bitch! Better start licking your friend’s ass. I’d just hate to see what happens if you don’t.”

Shizuha’s tongue darts to your asshole and slides up and down your crack, almost feverishly. The grinding stops. Her nose pokes at the cheeks, as she shakes her head. Her head leans back for a moment. Her tongue returns, all but slurping up and down your crack.

Kosuzu slides the dildo in and out, sending pops and surges of pleasure through your body. Shizuha presses her tongue to your asshole, probing the entrance. You wiggle your ass, still straining against the ring that anchors you just above her. Your ass just pushes Shizuha’s head from side to side. Your breath hitches.

Shizuha’s tongue breaks through, penetrating your sphincter to taste your colon. She rattles, her head quakes, and you think you can hear her gag. Her tongue slides back out and returns to licking your crack.

Kosuzu slides the dildo back out, your pussy clutching to it on the way. She smashes it back in, sinking to the hilt. Your walls contract as the sensations blind you. Shizuha’s tongue pushes back into your anus, shoving its way past the sphincter. The black tongue swells, filling your mouth completely.

Even through the growing haze and building need, you sense a desperation in Shizuha’s attention.

You squirm, rocking your hips as hard as your bindings allow. It’s not much. You try to ride Kosuzu’s toy cock and Shizuha’s tongue, pushing them in as deep as you can. The increasingly rigid tongue threatens to choke you as it extends to hit your throat again.

If you don’t climax soon, Shizuha might not make it. Hell, you might not.

You can’t move your upper arms at all. You can only barely move any other part of your body. But by straining against the circles with all your waning might, you can wiggle slightly. Fighting back the growing convulsions, you force Kosuzu’s dildo as deep as you can.

With one final thrust, Kosuzu’s dildo surges inside you, bringing you to the edge. Kosuzu erupts, her pussy pouring her juices over Shizuha’s chest as she collapses into you, convulsing. Shizuha screams again. A sticky, metallic fluid pours down your throat, as the tongue deflates. The scrolls are tightening even more. The black cock falls out of your mouth. You can finally act now. You must act now.

You pray the book is still listening.

“I accept your terms! Purple book, I ac-”

A new, strange energy pours through you. Cleaner than the first. Less… creepy.

Kosuzu jerks back to clarity. She pulls herself up to glare at you.

“You bitch!”

Red light flares across your body. The rings grind against your skin, threatening to break the bones in your arms. Heat bursts out of them, searing your flesh.

Kosuzu growls. “I am not letting you go!”

Kosuzu leans forward, gripping your shoulders. Her eyes flutter. She collapses, her head falling to your breasts.

Shizuha’s tongue pushes up, straining to reach deeper into your ass.

“I think… I think she’s defeated.”

Shizuha’s tongue slides back down. Nothing happens. An audibly relieved, if muffled, sigh climbs up your ass. You wiggle again.

Sure enough, the rings are still at full strength.

“Hey, book. I signed your contract, how about you help me out of this?”

There’s a moment of quiet. Shizuha wiggles a bit, letting out quiet grunts.

“Your bindings are beyond my power. Only my author has the power to dispel them.”

You arch your neck and twist your knees. Shizuha yelps. You relax. Shizuha relaxes as well; did you squeeze her somehow?

Kosuzu blinks twice. She plants her hands on your breasts and pushes herself back up. She stares at you, somewhat owlishly.

Her mouth opens and closes. A few soft, but unintelligible sounds spill out of her mouth, as moisture builds in her eyes.

“I… I-I-I-I-I…” She hurls her arms around your neck and presses her head into the crook of your neck. Her bells jingle.

“I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”

She sounds miserable, but you’re still trapped in a bookstore filled with potential youkai, possibly smothering your only ally with your ass.

You don’t have time to deal with Kosuzu’s regrets right now. 
“It’s alright. Listen, I need you to untie Shizuha right now.”

You hear what you think is a note of agreement from Shizuha, muffled by your ass. You pinch your legs together, as far as their bindings allow. It’s not much, but it does spread your ass-cheeks very slightly. Hopefully Shizuha can get at least some slightly purer air that way.

“I- …okay then.” Kosuzu stares down, between your legs. At Shizuha. She sets to work on Shizuha’s ankles, finding the start of the scroll spiral. Exclaiming something between a grunt and a girly squeal, she rips the tip away from Shizuha’s ankle. She pulls it over Shizuha’s legs, then under. She passes it from one hand to the next. Over and under. Over and under. Soon, Shizuha parts her shins, now free of the scroll. Kosuzu kneels between those shins to continue her work. After a few more passes, she slides her hands under Shizuha’s ass, to peel the scroll off.

Kosuzu steps gingerly to the side, bumping up against your leg. With a quiet jingle, she continues her work on Shizuha’s stomach. She slows down once she reaches Shizuha’s reddened breasts. She gingerly peels the lower binding out from under them. Then she removes the upper binding. Mercifully, Shizuha’s breasts settle back into their natural positions, no longer compressed between the scroll. Kosuzu reaches Shizuha’s neck and, after a few passes, removes the scroll entirely. She steps back, gathering the scroll together as best she can.

Shizuha plants her hands under your thighs and arches her back. She pulls herself against your pelvis, her nose grinding against your ass. You push yourself against the ring, straining for what little height you can achieve. As usual, you budge very slightly. Shizuha strains, grinding her nose against you and shoving her slick chin against the base of your pussy.

She sags back down, taking in deep, exhausted breaths. You worry about just how much of your ass she’s breathing in right now. Is she even getting any proper air?

You shift your legs slightly, hoping to ease the strain.

Shizuha folds her legs together. Squeezing tight, she shoves them against yours until they’re tucked underneath them. She then wraps them around your shins.

Your limited strength gives out, once more completely smothering Shizuha beneath your ass. Shizuha shoves herself forward, popping her head out behind you. She stops when her breasts hit your crotch. She takes a long, heavy, gulp of air. Then, shifting the weight of her legs to your thighs and, planting her hands beneath them, she pulls herself back.

Her chin slides back through your crack, followed by her nose. They scrape against your flesh again, as she tries to shove them out the other side. She twists and wiggles her head, seeking an angle that will let her out. Nothing happens. She lifts her crotch, pushing her head to the side. She shouts something into your ass. She then wiggles her head, bobbing it to one side.

Straining, you push against the ring again. Your muscles burn, but you get that precious bit of space. You can only guess what she means; you pray you’re right. Using the space, you twist your ass just slightly to the side.

Shizuha slams her nose against your backside. You bite back a groan of pain, as her skull pounds against your pelvis. Then, with a pop, her head slides beneath your ass and lands between your legs.

Shizuha looks up at you, a mix of triumph and irritation on her face.

“Are you alright?”

“I’m fine. Everything hurts, but I heal quickly.” Shizuha lies back down.

She coughs a few times.

You take a breath of your own, your ass now resting over open air. Apart from Kosuzu staring at your breasts, nothing happens. You squirm, twisting your legs and arms. Nothing. Still anchored into this odd squatting position. Essentially displaying your bare pussy for the store to see.

In fact, you’re pretty sure it’s visible from the doorway.

Aaand putting that thought out of mind, you focus back on the bindings themselves. Three rings. One around your stomach. This one locks your upper arms to it, and then locks all three to a specific point in the air. Then there’s one around each ankle, locking them a point, but not tying them to any other objects. Rune-shaped holes in the rings, with additional, glowing runes, above and below the central ring, but not the ankles.

Shizuha tucks her legs back in, then stretches them out between your own. Her arms follow suit.

A flinger slides along your back, gliding against the kimono still held between your arms and sides, still draped over the lower half of your back.

“You know, I’ve never seen this language before. I wonder where it came from?”

You can’t help a bit of discouragement at that. You were kind of hoping to decode the rings and find a solution that way.

“So, you can’t read it then?”

“What?” The finger stops. “Oh no, I can still read it just fine. I just can’t tell where it came from. Isn’t that weird? Why would a book not use the language it was written in? Or did its language change somehow?”

“Wait, you can read a language you’ve never seen before?”

“Huh? Oh, yeah. It’s a little talent of mine, I guess.”

That’s… that’s not a youkai thing, right? Because she could probably do anything she wanted right now, and you’d be completely powerless to stop her. Hell, you’d probably be powerless to hinder her. You need her to be human right now.

Either way, now’s not the time to press her on this. You have someone who can read the nonsense. Studying the gift horse can wait until it can’t bite you.

“So, what does it say?”

“It’s… difficult to convey. For instance, this section literally says ‘Core, extension, arms, binding.’ But what it means is something like ‘Target the center, add the arms, and bind those together.’ Magic grammar’s just really weird like that.”

That might prove useful in the future. Possibly. But right now, all it tells you is what you’ve already learned through pain and futile endeavor. Wait, so she’s read other spells before?

Naoko, you’ve been gifted a portion of my author’s power. You can break the circles with it.

Shizuha hauls herself up into a sitting position. Grabbing one of your knees, she pulls herself onto her feet.

“Hey, Kosuzu, got something to drink?”

“Table, top right drawer.” There’s a sound of focus, almost to the point of tunnel vision, in her voice.

As Shizuha walks off, you notice that her breasts are already back to a more healthy, peachy tone.

There’s no comfortable position to put your legs in. Between being suspended from just about a head’s depth above the ground, and locked to points a good pace apart, a dull ache is building within them.

Shizuha spits. Out of the corner of your eye, you catch her holding a cup and rubbing her lips. She then takes a drink of whatever’s inside.

“It’s just so weird.”

“What is?”

“The… intentions, I guess.” Kosuzu presses a finger against your back, again. “See, this one feels curious, wanting, and a little… frisky, I guess.” She removes the finger. “But the ones on your legs are completely different. They feel more like a predator. Super focused, no curiosity, and super… um, you know. Pervy.”

Is there really such nuance in those symbols?

“Also, uh, Naoko.” There’s a quiet jingle behind you. “Please, please, please. Don’t freak out, okay?”

Well, that’s encouraging. But you do need to focus. So, you brace yourself for the news as best you can.

“The letters aren’t just on your rings.”

…What? What does that even…

“What do you mean?”

“W-well. It’s down your back, and your… butt. On your arms, your legs… And you know, just all over.”

Okay, that’s just ridiculous. You look down your body. Still not thrilled about the bra sitting uselessly above your breasts. But there’s no writing, anywhere but the rings.

“I don’t see anything.”

“Wh-huh? You don’t?”

“Nothing.”

“What about you, Shizuha?”

Footsteps sound behind you.

“Nope, nothing.”

“I-uh, okay. I’m probably just seeing things then, I guess.”

And you’re back to square one, trapped in magic shackles, anchored to a quiet, dark store filled with demonic literature.

Lady Honda, your magic.Use it.

You can’t feel anything there, but…

You clench and twist your muscles. Your hands open and close. Your knees wiggle. Most of your body does fucking nothing.

With nothing left to go on, you close your eyes. To find yourself or something. Shut out every other sense. Just focus on what is within. You’re pretty sure that’s how it normally goes. But you find nothing. Reluctantly, you open your eyes again.

You catch a flare of red light. Then your head locks into position, ramrod straight above your shoulders. A scream of terror surges from your lungs. Only to die as your jaws lock together, muffling your voice far beyond recognition.

Shizuha rushes to your side, vaulting over a bound leg to stand before you. She places one hand flat against your stomach.

“For the love of all that is holy, you piece of shit. Be. GONE!”

The entire store turns a deep red. Every circle burns, heating your flesh. Countless pinpricks poke through your skin.

But something reacts against it. Something inside you. It feels like… energy, actually. Like what you use to pull yourself out of bed, play ball with your brothers, or dig holes and furrows for planting.

There are subtle differences, but they’re difficult to describe. You might say that if your ‘normal’ energy is fire, then this is water. There is, for lack of a better term, a ‘cooler’, ‘softer’ feeling to this.

And now that you sense it, you realize you can move it. Taking as deep a breath as you can through your nose, you drag the power inward. Pulling from your limbs and head, you concentrate it within your stomach. Much of the pain dissipates.

Shizuha glares at your stomach, bathed in red.

You shove the energy at your front, slamming it against the main ring. It feels like heavy, scalding knives cutting through your belly. But though you can’t look down, you notice that at least, there’s no blood pouring out.

Shizuha’s eyes widen, before she returns to that mask of determination. Maybe that did something? Testing, you find both your torso and arms still as locked as they were before.

That energy gathers again near your skin. You pull it together again, only for a blast of pain to scatter it. In the following haze, a woman appears behind Shizuha. Long and straight black hair, a shrine maiden’s garb decorated with red, leaf-patterned sash.

She leans to the side, her hands on Shizuha’s shoulder as she watches from behind.

Ayame.

You can’t let her see you. Not like this. You gather the energy and throw it at the main ring again. Pain follows, then an audible crack.

In a burst of red, the ring shatters. The rings around your ankles wink out. Then, finally, the ring around your head.

No longer anchored to a point in mid-air, you collapse. Your head falls back into a pair of comfortable, fleshy pillows. They’re not very big, but they’re soft. A pair of arms wraps around your torso, dragging you backward. Gingerly, she hauls you onto a chair. The girl then circles around to your front.

Kosuzu places her hands on your knees, an act that pushes her humble, but still very naked breasts together. Shizuha stands a few paces behind her, likewise still nude.

Honestly, you can’t believe you’re somehow the most dressed person in the room.

“Where’s the book?” Shizuha stares at Kosuzu.

“W-Which one?”

“The black one. The one that attacked us.”

“Its- it was over there.” Kosuzu points to nearest isle. Shizuha marches toward it.

Scanning the store, it comes with some surprise to realize that it’s mostly still intact. You could probably count on one hand the number of books or scrolls knocked off a given bookshelf. With all the commotion you heard, you expected this place to look like a war zone. In fact, most of the clutter is just a scattering of red leaves.

Grunting, you reach up and pull your bra back over your breasts. Then, reaching down, you slip your foot back into your panties and slide them back up your legs. You lift your ass off the chair to slide them over it.

“Are… are you okay?”

You pull your kimono back under your ass before you sit back down. You’re finally free. But you’re exhausted and dirty. Again.

Shizuha rifles through the shelves. Barely keeping from knocking books off them.

“I’m… fine.” As much as you appreciate the support, you can’t sit still.

You have magic now, apparently. With some training, you might just learn to fight off low-level youkai. Like that one shit that keeps pestering your neighbors.

You’re also now contracted to some mysterious ‘author’. Whatever that means. You pull your kimono back over your shoulders, settling it back into its proper place. You push yourself up off the chair.

Kosuzu throws her hands against your shoulders, pushing you back down.

“Please, I’ll get it for you. Just tell me what you want.”

You sigh, too tired to fight her.

“Obi.”

“Oh, right.” Her face turns pink. She turns around.

That ass is way too plump for how thin she is. You’re kind of jealous. Of course, yours is probably a little bigger, but it just never had quite the right shape for you. Not the cute bubbles she has, at least.

Kosuzu returns with the obi, wordlessly handing it over. You finish tweaking your kimono, then wrap the obi around yourself. You need to be somewhere safe, and you need information.

What you need is…

“Kosuzu, the book’s not here.”

“Are you sure? Maybe it’s just nearby.”

“No, it’s nowhere near here. I don’t think it’s even in the building anymore.”

…Shit. That’s one more problem you can’t tackle right now.

But you’re all tired, hungry, and dirty. And you can’t stay here.
Your muscles ache, there’s an odd, almost salty taste on your tongue, and you’ve just been through shit you really want to forget. But before you can get to really addressing any of those, you need to take care of something else.

Low, angry gurgles sound from your stomach. You need food. Admittedly, you’re not quite certain what a god needs to eat, and you’re not even quite clear on whether demonic possession affects hunger. But you need a chance to talk things out before you can make any clear plans anyway. A good meal’s as good a chance to talk as any.

“…Let’s get something to eat.”

A dull pain throbs in your midriff, your ankles, and a section of your arms. It seems the rings took a greater toll on you than you thought.

“…Okay.”

Kosuzu shuffles off to pick her bra off the floor.

Shizuha walks over to you, apparently unconcerned about her bare, brown nipples or the blonde hair between her legs. She stands over you.

“You okay?”

“I’m fine. Just fine.”

You’re not very mobile right now, and you do need to get the hell out of the store. But you’re free, and not under any immediate threat. Once you’re walking, you’ll be safe. You hear fabric slide up Kosuzu’s legs as Shizuha slips her hands into your hair.

Those hands then slide down the sides of your face. You can’t help but notice how her arms push her breasts with their movements.

“What are you doing?”

“Checking.”

Her hands slide to your shoulders. Then they slide to your breasts. Apparently, gods really are susceptible.

“Please don’t touch m…”

“Dumbass. I’m worried that bastard left something behind.”

“Oh.”

The hands shift to your sides, where they slide down to your hips. Behind Shizuha, you catch Kosuzu sliding a book back into its shelf. With nothing but a few strips of pink cotton on her ass and upper back. Shizuha’s hands slide down to your ankles. She lets go.

“It looks like you’re probably safe.”

“Thank goodness.”

“But I think there’s something wrong.”

Shizuha grabs the bottom of your kimono and shoves it up your legs. On instinct, your hands snap to hers to push them back. For a moment, both are held in place, battling for dominance.

Shizuha stares you in the eyes.

“Trust me.”

Reluctantly, you let go. Shizuha pushes your kimono up to your hips. She then lifts your ass up to slide it just a bit higher. She lets go.

Then she slides your panties down, almost to your knees. Her fingertips touch your pussy. Her head sinks, until you feel her breath on its lips.

She pulls it open. You focus on Kosuzu, who’s rewinding one of the scrolls.

“Where is it?” Shizuha slides a finger inside.

You can’t help but squirm a little. The finger slides in, squishing against you, one knuckle at a time. Your body warms up quickly, apparently somewhat frustrated from earlier. The base of Shizuha’s other fingers hit your crotch as it slides down to the hilt. It pushes to one side, then the other. Up, then down. It rubs a few quick circles around your walls. A clear fluid soon climbs up her finger to drip on the chair beneath you.

“Where IS it?”

“Wh-ere i- is w-hat?” Her motions make it very difficult to keep a level voice.

“The… the thing. That twisted object she shoved inside you.”

Twisted object? What did she shove inside… The dildo. Where did that go?

Shizuha yanks her finger out.

“So that’s another thing that’s just disappeared. Great.” She stands up. “Did you at least see what it looked like?”

You swallow. She’s been your only real help so far, might as…

“A-a penis.”

You turn to Kosuzu’s blushing face. Still wearing just her bra and panties.

“It was black and shaped like a someone’s… manhood.”

“Great.” Shizuha steps back. She performs a quick scan of the store. “Nothing left to do here, then.” The leaves littering floor start to shake. Shizuha takes a few more steps back. The leaves burst to life. They soar through the air in a great spiral, toward Shizuha’s body. Then, starting at her collar, they merge together. The growing mass extends down Shizuha’s arms and torso. Capping off near her knees, they form her dress.

Shizuha steps forward again. She holds out her hand. You slide your panties back up.

“Time to eat, huh?” 
A fine mixture of rich, earthy smells greets you, as you stand before the Yoshinoya. Apparently a quite new restaurant with an aim for the ‘hip’ and ‘modern’. Whatever the hell that means. Shizuha’s half-carrying you as Kosuzu, now dressed, leads you inside. After a brief exchange with a receptionist, Kosuzu leads you to a small, four-chaired table. Shizuha lets you ease yourself into a chair, as she takes one adjacent. Kosuzu sits opposite Shizuha, placing you between the two.

Young men and women sit at other tables, dressed in outfits that are fancy, but not ostentatious. High-class farmers, or minor nobles, probably. There are no horns, exotic ears, or other indications of the supernatural. As far as you can tell, they’re all human.

“So, what do you want to eat?” Kosuzu gives you a nervous glance. Precisely what makes her nervous, you’re not quite certain.

You glance through the menu. You recognize most of the meals in structure, but they all seem to have something a little weird to them, except for one friendly face.

“Perhaps the beef bowl?”

“I’ll have the soba.”

“Okay.” Kosuzu lets out a sigh of relief. “I’ll just take another soba, then.”

A young woman stops by, wearing the restaurant’s name on her apron. Kosuzu relays the orders, and the woman walks away.

“So, uh… does anyone um… well, today was nice and cool, right? Not too hot?”

You glance to Shizuha. She shrugs.

“It won’t last. A heat wave’s coming in soon.”

“Oh. Okay. Um, is there anything you like, Shizuha?”

“Woods, red, peace and quiet.”

“Oh. Well, what about you, Naoko?”

You… You’re not sure. It’s been awhile since you’ve really had a need to think about it.

“Cards and ball, mostly. But lately I’ve just been reading…”

“Reading? What do you read?”

“Well, it’s a book about a girl found inside a bamboo tree. It’s strangely relatable, at times.”

Shizuha raises an eyebrow.

“Oh, I see. Did you get to the part w…” Kosuzu continues, but your gaze slides to the entrance, where a young woman enters. Short, black hair. Brown cap, with matching jacket and shorts. Long, pointed ears.

Aya. Reporter and author of the Bunbunmaru news. Tengu.

You hurl your gaze around the room. Dozens of people, one exit. There’s nowhere to run without running into her.

“Youkai.” You whisper to Shizuha, pointing.

Shizuha looks at Aya, then back to you. She lets out a pointed sigh, and turns her chair to face you.

Then grabs your head and buries you in her breasts.

“Just act like you’re passed out.” She whispers back.

Rustic woodlands fill your nostrils as your head rests between gentle mounds for the second time today. You feel nothing between her dress and her breasts. Ignoring that, you let your arms slump, hoping to keep inconspicuous. The room continues to chatter, as your head gently bobs to the rise and fall of Shizuha’s chest.

Shizuha lets go. “She’s gone.”

Slowly, you lift your head back out. Sure enough, you can no longer find her amid the crowd. The waitress returns, carrying a wide plate.

“Here’s your food.”

She sets three bowls down on your table, then turns to leave. You lift your arms to your bowl, wincing at the discomfort of moving your limbs.

“Ah! Here, let me get that for you.” Kosuzu scoots her chair near yours and, grabbing your chopsticks, fetches a portion of your dish, lifting it toward your mouth.

Shizuha’s eyes narrow, before she turns her attention to you.

You take a bite. There are some spices you don’t recognize, but the normal texture’s still there.

“Naoko, you made some kind of pact, I assume?”

“Uh, yes. I think so.” You give an embarrassed smile. “Honestly, I couldn’t pay attention at the time, so I’m not sure what the pact was.”

Kosuzu blushes at that, for some reason.

“Excuse me? You signed a contract without reading the damn thing?”

“I’m sorry! But you were… it seemed like you were really suffering. I had nothing else.”

“Ugh, fine. But now we need to know just what your little deal entailed.”

“Um, I think I know…”

You both turn to look at Kosuzu.

“It was a… a familiar pact. You promised to serve as a familiar for one week. It means… well, you do whatever your new master says.”

That’s… oh god.

“You know, as foul as your ass tastes, you could’ve said no. There must have been another way out. Somehow.” Shizuha takes a sip from her bowl. “Yuck, I can still taste it. Anyway, we need to find this ‘master’ then, I suppose. Learn what it is we’re dealing with, now.”

“I suppose so. Kosuzu, do you know anything?”

“Not much. The book came from a second-hand dealer, so I’m not sure who the author is.”

“Shit. Wait.” Shizuha’s brow furrows. “It’s one week, right?”

“Yes.”

“Maybe we can just sit the week out, then. Hope the contract expires before her ‘master’ comes calling.”

“I… I don’t know. But I guess that might work?”

“Hey, Kosuzu!” A woman wearing brow-

Aya’s returned, standing at your table. “So, how’s business, partner? Everything going well?”

“Yeah. It’s fine. Everything’s fine…”

You stare straight at your beef bowl. You stuff a chunk of it in your mouth, ignoring the protests of your arm. If she doesn’t see your face, maybe she won’t notice you.

“Great to hear.” A chair slides away from the table. Then back in. An unfamiliar boot taps against your foot. “Books selling, no robberies, all that jazz?”

“Yep! There was a little… fight, but nothing too serious.”

Aya’s foot stops. “Well, as long as you’re still okay.”

Now that you’re used to the new spices, this beef tastes pretty good.

“At least one of our jobs is going well.”

“Yours isn’t?”

“Nah. It’s been a really slow week. The mountain’s been kind of slow too, but the village is just dead. I’ve got a grand total of one story I think the humans will really care about, and I haven’t even had a chance to speak with the main subject yet.”

“Tell me, what’s this story about?”

“Oh, hey. Late introductions, you’re one of the Akis, right?”

“Shizuha, yes. About this story…”

“Ah, ah, ah. No spoilers. Can’t have details leaked before anyone has a chance to read about it, right?”

“Tsk.”

Your bowl’s running low. You won’t be able to hide this way much longer. Attempting a casual posture, you lean back and look outside. The view through the windows isn’t amazing, but you can play ‘spot the youkai’ while waiting for the conversation to finish.

“But really, what I’d give for just one little interview right now.”

“Is she missing?”

“No, I don’t think so. But she should be at home right now. Unfortunately, she’s very reclusive, and the few people she’s in regular contact with haven’t seen her.” Aya audibly stretches. “It’d be such a shame, had I never found her.”

Maybe you could just walk out? Would she notice?

“So, Ms. Honda, could you spare a few moments of your time?”

What?

“Me?” You’re still watching the window.

“Yep. Naoko Honda. Daughter of Takuma and Masami Honda. Apparently a subject of interest in multiple youkai attacks, one of which may cause a bit of a stir here.”

“I… I have a thing I really need to…” You push your chair out. You really need to get…

Your chair slides back into the table. Looking up, you find Aya’s grinning face. A moment later, she’s back in her own chair, facing you.

“Just a few questions. Besides…” She flicks out a picture. It’s a picture of you, from the back, bare naked save for a pair of white panties you’re sliding up your leg. “I think it would be in both of our interests for me to know a little more about you.”

She puts the picture in one of her jacket’s pockets. “I really want to know just why I would ever have taken such a picture.”

Kosuzu speaks up. “What do you mean?”

Aya huffs. “I’m not a voyeur. Besides, humans just don’t do it for me. Never have. Except for little miss lady magnet, somehow. And I’m afraid that if she doesn’t find a way to turn her little power off, I may just… lose control. Soon.”

“Somehow, I doubt that’s quite what you want. Is it, Naoko?" Aya leans forward, placing her hands on the table. “So, how about you tell me a little bit about what happened, and maybe we can work something out.”

Can you trust her? Is she really on your side with this? You glance back to the exit. Given her stunt with the chair, you need to tell her something, but what?

“So… how much do you know?”

“That I am dangerously close to doing something with you that we will both regret.”

“Try it, bitch.” Shizuha growls.

You swallow. You hate having to be so goddamn passive, but you’re in no position to fight or even bargain. Besides, you have a duty to the village right now.

“A black book attacked me, just a few moments ago. We don’t know where it-”

“A book? What about the karakasa?”

“That was last night. She’s… I don’t think she’s a threat to anyone but me. But that book is on the loose, I think it-”

“About the karakasa, Kogasa, I-”

“She’s not important!” You burst out. “Yes, she… assaulted me, like the book. She… licked my ass.” Shizuha grimaces. “But she’s my problem, and the village can fight her off if needed. That book could be anywhere, in…”

“Fine. Tell me about the book. When did it make it’s first… advance on you?”

“Shortly after I opened it.”

Aya scribbles notes down in a small book. “And how long were you in the room before then?”

“A few minutes, at most.”

Kosuzu raises her hand. “Also, she read it just after I… unsealed it. Sorry, Naoko.”

“…It’s fine.” That’s not entirely true, but you can’t afford to hold a grudge right now.

“Hmm…” Aya looks between you and Kosuzu. “So, what did the book do?”

“It twisted my words, then locked me in glowing rings.”

“And then?”

Shizuha spoke up. “It possessed Kosuzu, and used her to rape Naoko.”

“Confusion, binding, and possession. Anything else it’s capable of?”

“It wrapped me in a scroll and stuffed my face in Naoko’s ass. What do you count that as?”

“…Telekinesis, I suppose.”

“It also made my tongue weird.”

“…Transmutation? Is that everything?”

“I… I think so.”

“Great.” Aya’s pen stops. “If I can find evidence, I can report that to the elders, and possibly get some secrets in return. But.” She turns to you. “That doesn’t tell me much about you. The book appears to have acted the moment it made contact, but I know that your little aura can take longer to… trigger. You were attacked last night as well, correct?”

Kosuzu turns to you, both guilty and curious.

“…Yes.”

“And it was the karakasa that time, Kogasa, I believe?”

“She was one of them, yes.”

“One of…?” Aya resumes her writing. “Anyway, how much contact had you had with her before?”

“She tried to surprise me once. We crossed paths once or twice afterward. That was all.”

“And had she shown any interest before last night?”

“Maybe? She was very friendly, but isn’t she like that with everyone?”

“Hm. You said she was ‘one of’ the people who attacked you last night. Who else was there?”

“Some kind of wolf girl, I think.”

“Hmm… Book, karakasa, wolf girl, crow tengu. Book was instantaneous, Karakasa took longer…”

Aya puts her pen down. She gives you a pointed stare. “Seriously, I don’t want to chain you to my bed, but I’m running out of time here. Either way, this will have to do.”

Aya stands up and walks around the table, to stand next to you. With a light kick, she scoots your chair out to face her. “Look at me.”

You force your gaze to her. She points down. Reluctantly, you stare at her shorts. She pops the button, then pulls down the zipper. Before anyone else can act, she has both her shorts and panties around her knees. Her bare, shaved pussy stares at you.

In an instant, her shorts are back where they were before.

“Like I said, I’m not a voyeur.” Aya turns to leave.

“I’m an exhibitionist.”

As Aya walks out the door, a spot of moisture builds between your legs. 

Filled up and slightly rested, you step outside the restaurant, followed by Shizuha and Kosuzu. The sun’s still shining bright, a couple hours past noon or so. Kosuzu had insisted on paying for everyone, apparently still feeling guilty about her role in what happened at Suzunaan.

“So, what are you going to do now, Noako?”

“She’s going home, that’s what.”

“I don’t that I sh-”

Shizuha grabs your wrist and jerks you down the road.

“I-I’ll see you guys later, okay? If you need help, come to my st-” Kosuzu’s voice cracks. After a moment, she continues, somewhat sadly. “Um, go the Hieda House, I’ll get you in.”

“Okay.” You say, as Shizuha drags you down the road. You jog to catch up with her. “Are you sure this is a good idea?”

“Twice.” You’re about to ask for clarification, when she cuts you off. “You’ve been ‘assaulted’, as you prefer to call it, twice now. Am I wrong?”

“…No, you’re right.”

“We’re not taking any chances anymore. You’re going home, where you’ll stay. I’ll lock you in if I must. If you need anything, I’ll get it. Food, water, information, a fucking suit of armor or a legendary artifact.”

Your gut sinks. Sure, it’s not too different from how she talked back at the farm, but you’d kind of figured she was at least half-joking or something.

Still, an odd thought crosses your mind.

“And what if I need to… you know… ‘go.’”

“I’ll drink it.”

…What? You stop. Shizuha stops soon after.

“I mean, I’ll get a bucket. Besides, it can’t be any worse than your asshole, anyway.” You feel a sting of guilt at that. That still bothers you, having put her through that. Helplessly watching her squirm as your ass sank ever lower…

Shizuha grunts. “Damnit. You’re the one that should be bitching right now.” She turns around and pulls you close. “When we get there, let’s just take the chance to unwind, okay?” She wraps a hand in your hair and buries her head against your neck. “But you’re going to be just fine. One way or another, I’m keeping those monsters away from your crotch.”

Her firm breasts press against your own.

She pulls back, letting out a forced cough. “A-anyway. We’re going to your home. Maybe you’ll stay there, maybe not. But let’s get somewhere safe before trying to make any more plans.” Shizuha steps forward, then stops.

“By the way, where is your house?”

“This way.” You lead her down the street. You turn from the wider boulevard through a humble artisan’s square. You’re not especially familiar with the wealthier parts of the village, but you know the general direction. Soon you’re back into the market thoroughfare and from here, it’s easy.

Then, just as you pass into a quiet neighborhood, someone’s hands press hard into your shoulders. You turn to look, only for a pair of thighs to land on your shoulders. And for a soft mound to press against your hair, separated only by a strip of soft linen. The mere texture sends a quiet shiver down your body.

“What’s up, girl?”

That voice… No, that’s impossible. That’s impossible on so many goddamn levels. Still, you look up. A curtain of black hair greets you, and a face you’ve seen once today.

Ayame?

She never talks like that, and she sure as hell was never as rambunctious as you. She was never the kind to touch people either, much less ride on their shoulders. That was more Kaori and Youta. On top of all of that, she was damn busy last you talked.

A grand total of two days ago.

But still, that’s obviously her voice, and her face. She wasn’t possessed, was she? Impossible. The book would have had to make that journey in less than an hour, then return almost instantaneously. Besides, she hasn’t degraded Shizuha yet.

“What the hell, Ayame? You were praying to me less than an hour ago.”

Your legs squirm. Not from Ayame’s weight, as she’s surprisingly light. But rather from the inexplicable, growing heat in your belly. A need’s building within you, and you haven’t a clue why. One of Ayame’s thighs flips over your head, and she rolls off your shoulders. Landing gracefully, she stands back up. Her skirt’s quite a bit shorter than it usually is, going barely halfway down her thighs. Probably why you felt her, well…

“Aw, c’mon. I was really worried, so I decided to check on you myself.”

She speaks nothing like your older sister. Confused, you turn to face both her and Shizuha.

“What, you’re not jealous, are you?”

Shizuha just cocks an eyebrow.

“What the hell would I be jealous of? Are you planning to actually worship Naoko?” She grins. “I mean, you might as well, really. You certainly fixate on her enough.”

“What? No. Nothing like that.” Ayame puffs out her chest. It’s not titanic, but it’s big. Always was. “But maybe I’ll marry her before you do.”

That was a joke, clearly. But she sounded like a part of her meant it. This is getting weird, fast.

Your sister’s not a youkai, is she? There are certain types of youkai who can be siblings to humans, but you doubt she could be any of them.

“You’re going to marry your sister?” Shizuha scoffs. “Very funny.”

Something about that statement surprises Ayame. Did she expect a stronger reaction?

Regardless, she laughs it off. “Yeah, bad joke.” She turns to you. “Hey, sis. I’ve got something I need to tell you. Super private. Could you come with me, for a sec?”

Without waiting for a response, she grabs your wrist and drags you through the street.

“Hey!”

“Five minutes, I swear!” Turning a corner, Ayame scoops you into her arms and takes off. Skimming just above the ground, she weaves around pedestrians like a graceful bird.

Ayame’s a pretty decent priestess, who even holds a couple spell cards, but she never learned to fly.

She twists and turns too fast for you to keep track of location. After one last turn, she sets you down in front of your house. You’re… not quite sure you want to know how she knew where it is.

“Key.” Without thinking, you hand it over. She unlocks the door and slips inside, pulling you with her.

She closes and locks the door. She lets out a heavy sigh and sits against it. The house is pretty much still the same small, sparsely decorated home you’ve spent the past year in. Still the same as you left it a few hours ago, minus the set of clothes you’re now wearing. Though you realize you forgot the clothes you wore this morning somewhere. Not that you’d have much use for them anymore.

“So, uh… Sorry about that whole mess. And I’m, well, not your sister.”

“Then you’re a youkai.”

“Oh. Heh, heh. That.” Ayame rubs the back of her head. “You tend to get a bit leery around us, huh?”

“What do you want?”

“I just wanted to talk, honest. I’m not usually into girls, but I would totally do you.”

You look away, blushing. Your arms and legs quake. There’s something building up inside you. It feels… like magic, or what you think is magic. But creepier, more twisted.

“I- I’m sorry, that came out weird. I mean, I still would, but not, y’know. If you didn’t want to.” Ayame pauses. “Let me start over.” She squirms. “Wou- would you let me take you out on a date?”

“…What?” Is she seriously, unironically, asking for your consent? For a relatively non-sexual encounter? “I-”

Your legs give out. You throw your hands out to catch yourself. You’re body trembles, your heart pounds, and a trickle slides down your leg. Something slithers inside you. On all fours, you glance back to Ayame.

“Hey, are you okay?”

A thick, rubbery shaft of something pushes against your folds, from the inside. Ayame grips your shoulders. Belatedly, you realize your eyes went wide.

“H-hey. You’re gonna be fine, okay? Is there anything I can do?”

“J-just don’t leave me, okay?” You force out through shuddering breaths.

“…You got it.”

“And pl-ea-ea-ease, please, sto-hrk-hop wearing my sister’s face.”

“Ah, of course.”

Ayame’s form shimmers and distorts, then fades to an indecipherable haze. The shaft pulses against you, sending a shock through your body. Your hands give out, dropping you to your elbows.

The haze clears, revealing an almost lanky young brunette with a great red bow on her head and a distinctive red dress.

“R-Reimu?” Admittedly, you don’t know much about her. But she’d become something of an icon to you all the same. A badass human who never had to run or hide from youkai, and could probably kick the shit out of any would-be molester. Keine was cool too, but ever since learning about her youkai side, your thoughts of her no longer held the same comfort.

“Reimu?” She looks at you. Then at herself. She scowls. “Whatever. I’m not your sister anymore. That’s good enough, right?”

She walks around to your side. Slipping one arm under you, near your breasts, she pulls you backward. Then, catching your butt with the other, she scoops you up into her arms. Carrying you a few short steps, she lowers you down to your futon. Is it just you, or is it getting a bit stuffy in here?

“Uh, how are you feeling, Naoko? You look kind of hot.”

Straining just to move your neck, you glance down your body. Your kimono sticks tight to your body, dripping in sweat. The tremors have died down for now, but your muscles are too sore to move again.

“I guess I’m a bit warm.”

Reimu leans over you. You glance away, too embarrassed to stare at the valley between her firm breasts. It feels almost… sacrilegious to gaze lewdly at an icon of immunity to such intentions.

If only it was the real Reimu.

She lifts your ass off the ground and fiddles with your obi.

“What are you doing?”

“Getting your clothes off. You’re drenching them.”

Reimu finishes untying it. She slides it off and parts your kimono. She slides a hand down your now slick stomach. She gulps.

“Uh, sorry. About this. H-how are you feeling?”

Still twitching, you bite out a few words. “Be-etter, I think. I n-ghk!” The shaft moves again, starting a slow rhythm against the depths of your pussy. Your legs twist, bumping against Reimu’s side. “I ne-e-e-eed you t-” You gasp, set off by a precision strike to your sweet spot. Your back arches slightly.

“Need me to what?” Confusion and panic rise on her face.

“My v-ah! V-ulp!” Broken, incoherent syllables pour out of your mouth, soaring in pitch and intensity.

Reimu throws her gaze across your body. “Screw it.” She says, as she pulls your kimono wide open. She hauls one of your arms out of the sleeve, takes a glance at it, then lets go. She pulls the other out, to similar disappointment. She hurls your sandals off, before turning to your breasts.

She freezes. Then slaps herself. She throws herself over your torso. Hands shaking, she grips the band between the cups. She closes her eyes and shoves it up. Back where it was when Kosuzu…

She peeks an eye open, growing furiously red.

“I… how creepy would it be to call you beautiful, right now? Or talk about how gorgeous your tits are?”

“A l-eep!” A part of the shaft sucks on a segment of your walls. There’s something else happening inside you. It feels like some sort of pollution crawling through your body.

“Right, right. Focus. Sorry.” Reimu once more casts her eyes across your body. She slides beside you to lift one side up. She sets you back down. Then she turns her gaze to your crotch. Wordlessly, she points at it. She looks at you, questioning.

You force out a curt nod.

She slides her hands to your hips. She grips the waistband.

“Seriously, are you… okay with this?”

You force another nod.

“Okay…”

She pulls the band. The panties slide down your hips. Passing over your knees, they travel down your shins to your ankles. Reimu pulls them off.

Red and shaking, she turns back to you, dragging her eyes to your pussy. She crawls over your legs, planting her hands by your hips. She stares.

She snaps her gaze back to you.

“Seriously, I can’t find anything wrong.”

The shaft settles again. You take a few shaking breaths, as deep as you can.

“I-it’s inside! In there. In my pu-urgh-my pussy.”

“Really?”

“Yes! Pl-eek!” The shaft inflates, stretching your walls with its new girth.

Reimu returns to staring at your crotch, she lowers her head to it.

“…You smell kinda nice, you know.” Reimu slips two fingers inside. She pulls them apart, pushing your entrance open.

You squirm, but the sensation of her fingers against your folds is minor. At least when compared to the hard shaft still stretching you further in.

“Hey, I think I…” Reimu stares hard at your pussy. “There!” She readies her other hand, a finger pointed outward.

The shaft pulses. Your hips jerk upward, knocking her finger away. She angles it for another go, only for another pulse to drop them.

“Hold still!”

The shaft pulses harder and faster, pounding your walls with it’s fury. Something smooth and round wraps itself tight around one thigh. Another one wraps around your other thigh. They hold your legs tight, elevating your crotch just slightly. Presenting it to Reimu.

And the fact that you can’t even see these things, makes it look like you’re the one spreading your legs.

You jerk and twitch, but your crotch remains constant. More or less.

Reimu extends two fingers inside, probing you. They bump against the shaft. She grips it, as tight as she can. Fluid’s filling you, just as the shaft undulates, now pressing against your walls in waves.

“Hyaa!” You can’t help but scream. You’d clap your hands over your mouth, if you could move them.

“C’mon, you bastard. Whatever you are, I’m pulling you out of my girlfriend!” Reimu stammers. “I- I mean, prospective girlfriend. Shit, does that still sound presumptuous?”

A steady trickle drips from your folds.

She gives it a hard yank, only for it to pull back in, pressing against your walls on the way. Your breath hitches.

“Stop hiding!” Reimu reaches in again, only for the shaft shove its way back out. It pounds her hand away, it’s head breaking free to rest against the lips.

“Ha!” Reimu grips the tip. She yanks at it. It resists.

The shaft pulls toward its head, leaving your core. It bunches up, almost leaving you completely.

It forces itself back down your channel. Smashing through you. It once more grows fat as it pumps in and out, pounding your walls.

Spittle flies out as your head and body jerk to its rhythm.

“You know what? Screw this.” Reimu pulls back.

Then Reimu’s teeth sink into it, her lips pressed against your crotch. The shaft freezes, and your body follows suit. Moisture builds on her chin, seeping out from your pussy. For a moment, it seems as if you’re caught in a standstill. With a demon tentacle.

Not even a tentacle monster, but a single tentacle.

Fluid continues to trickle from your crotch. Reimu plants her hands against your thighs. Digging her palms in, she tries to pull herself away. The tentacle pulls back, dragging Reimu’s nose against your crotch.

Reimu twists her head to the side, still tugging. She lets out a muffled grunt. Then a growl. Then something forces your thighs together, smashing Reimu’s hands against the sides of her head.

“RRGH!” She lets out a muffled, angry scream.

“Aagh!” The tentacle swells again, forcing your walls wide open to accommodate its excruciating girth.

It stretches out, pushing Reimu’s head a short distance away from your crotch. It pounds its way back inside you, pressing deep. Even amid the pain, a familiar haze returns. Reimu’s head slams against you, only for the tentacle to drag it back away.

Hauling your head up, just a bit, you catch a clear fluid leaking from the sides of Reimu’s mouth. Is that drool, or is this thing feeding her something? The fluid leaking from your own orifice has built almost to a slow pour now.

The tentacle hammers at your core, pounding harder and harder. A need builds, feeding the fire as your body now quakes in earnest. Squeaks and groans escape your lips even as your pussy screams in pain.

Reimu’s head no longer slams against you, instead seemingly sliding along the dark cock on its own accord. Then it hits.

Your thighs tremble, your heart clenches. Nothing. The pounding continues. Your pussy still leaks, your muscles still quake, and perverted moans still emit from your tongue. But the heat, the need, only builds.

Reimu’s lips pull back. A curt thud sounds out as something thin and sharp jabs the tentacle. Another hit lands, followed by another. Soon, a long, steady series of staccato jabs land against the tentacle.

They build in power and fury as they hammer away. The shaft vibrates against you. Finally, there’s a crack. Reimu’s head pulls away from your crotch, taking half the shaft with it. With a wet thump, she spits it out. She hacks out a few ragged coughs, as your thighs snap completely shut, squeezing your poor, abused pussy even tighter against the invader.

Pain wars with need as your pussy screams for release, one way or another. Finding one last reservoir of strength, you drag your shaking hands to your crotch. Just as they arrive, the shaft grows once more. It extends out, rigid and fat, complete with that flared tip you’ve seen before.

On Kosuzu’s tongue.

It thrums with need, even as it stretches you out. Reimu turns back to you.

“W-What the hell! I just ripped you out!”

Reimu steps back over to you. Dropping into a crouch, she wraps her hands around the shaft, sending a shock of pleasure through you, as the cock thrums in response.

She latches on and yanks.

You scream. Pain blasts through you as the cock threatens to take your pussy with it. Reimu stops. The cock twitches as two dull thunks sound. Squeezing tight around the cock, she heaves.

For a moment, there’s nothing but the sensation of that cock yanking on your walls. Then blinding pain.

After a moment, the pain fades. Your voice dies down, easing your now strained throat. You must have been screaming. Your pussy’s still throbbing and sore, but mercifully vacant. There’s a wide, sticky pool beneath your crotch, with a light trickle still dropping from your folds.

At least it’s not blood.

Then a wet, but heavy squish. The creeping sense of filth evaporates, and your thighs slide apart. The burning need drops to a quiet urge.

“Finally.” Reimu sighs.

You let out a shaky, relieved breath. Idly, you glance out the window. The sun’s not quite setting, but its close.

“That was one persistent bastard.”

You freeze. You’ve never heard that voice before. It’s smooth, but playful. Someone steps over to kneel beside you. Short and wild black hair framing a mischievous face. She wears a very short, but simple black dress. And…

You flinch. And try not to scream again. She has three red curvy… scythe things sprouting from one side of her back. From the other is a trio of blue, arrow-tipped… tentacles? And there’s a weird, green snake on her wrist.

You’ve never seen someone look just so… ‘youkai’ before.

“Name’s Nue. Sorry about, well, everything. I guess. Hey, you wanna…”

A knock on the door.

“Just a second.” Nue hops up and walks to the door.

Straining, you lift yourself just high enough to see it over your breasts. There’s a little hole in the back of her dress for those… things. Nue unlocks the door and opens it a crack. There’s a short, muttered exchange. She jumps.

Nue opens the door. Striding through, wearing the same brown hat and jacket ensemble she had before, is Aya. She glances around, before fixing her gaze on you.

She visibly blushes, but shakes her head. She looks away.

Nue returns to your side.

“Ms. Honda, you need to leave. Now.”

“What? Why?”

Nue slides her hands along your arm. “Hey, can you move?” You try to lift your arm. It shakes, but it does lift off the ground. A little. “Crap.”

“No time for details.” She glances out the window. “Let’s just say you made the right call, about your story. Someone’s been possessed, and she’s on her way. I can’t afford to get in a fight with her right now, and you don’t want to be around when she comes.”

“…Who? Does she know where I live?”

“She knows where you are, and…” Aya looks you over. “I don’t think you’re in any condition to fight her.”

Nue massages your belly. “Do you think anything’s broken?”

You lift your head on your elbows. Your muscles scream in protest, but the bones seem fine. “I don’t think so.”

Nue sighs. “Good enough, I suppose.”

“Hey, I s-”

The door slams open.

“What the hell is this?” Shizuha stands just behind Aya. “And who the hell are you?” She marches toward you. She kicks Nue off.

“Hey!”

“Who is she, and just what did she do to you?”

“I didn’t do anything!”

Shaking, you look back to Aya.

“Who’s been possessed?”

Aya glances at Shizuha, before returning to you. “Someone powerful. Please, let me handle the details.”

“Who are you talking about?”

“The black book’s new puppet.”

Shizuha freezes.

“Heading here. Right now.”

Nue leaps to your other side, now across from Shizuha. She slides your bra back over your breasts. “Hey, Naoko’s girlfriend, wanna get her panties?”

“What? I am not-!”

“Yeah, yeah. You gonna dress her or do I have to?”

Shizuha grumbles, but moves down to your legs.

“A-hem!” Aya glares at Nue. “Are you going to get her out of here, or do I have to drag her out myself?”

“…Where would I go?”

“Good question. I can’t speak for everyone, but the Moriya Shrine is far away, reasonably well protected and-”

“And on what is literally called ‘Youkai Mountain.’” Shizuha all but seethes. “No thank you.”

“A lot of the youkai don’t particularly like the shrine. There wouldn’t be too many undesirable visitors.”

“And what happens when the gods find out about her aura? You think they won’t find a way to exploit her?”

“Uh, hey. If shady gods are a problem, what about Byakuren’s temple. She’s nice, honest, and good at protecting people.”

“Even worse! The entire temple is crawling with youkai! It’d be an orgy in minutes!”

“Orgy?” Nue looks genuinely confused. “Why would it…”

Shizuha groans. “If she’s going anywhere, it’s to the Taoists’ place. Wherever that is. We just need to find one of them and convince them to let us in.”

A thought occurs to you. A part of you’s too scared to say it, but if it helps the village…

“If I’m all she wants, maybe it’d be better if…”

“I swear to Aki, Naoko. I will tie you up, gag you, and haul you off myself, if you finish that sentence.”

Aya glances at you, before turning away to study the window. “She'll be easier to bargain with if she doesn’t already have what she wants.” 
“…Perhaps the Land of Rear Doors?” At least you can’t be cornered there, right?

“Land of Rear Doors?” Aya puts a finger to her chin. “That could work… if I still had my own back door.”

“Uh, hey, the land of what?”

“Rear Doors. I did a story on it just after the four seasons incident. It’s sort of like a giant intersection to every place in Gensokyo. Not the easiest place for a simple human to try and live. But in this girl’s case, it might be a step up from the alternative.”

Shizuha grumbles as she slides your panties back up your leg. “And how many youkai live there?”

“I’m not sure that any youkai live there. The only people I encountered were the local goddess and her servants.”

“Goddess.” Shizuha repeats.

“Yes. Okina Matara. Goddess of secrets or something.”

Shizuha snaps your underwear pack into position. “But nothing else?”

“Nothing I know of.”

“Fine. Land of Rear Doors it is. Just tell me how to get there.”

“Sorry, I lost my only ticket back in.” Aya flicks her head to the side. “Crap. Gotta go.” Aya turns back to you, pulling a small wallet out of her shorts. She places it on your belly. “Here’s a sort of… parting gift. Promise you won’t lose it, and you won’t open it near anyone else, okay?”

“…Okay?”

“Good. Now, Shizuha, Naoko. If you want to try and get there, you should look for somewhere Okina’s been operating recently and hope she left one behind.”

Aya leaps backward and slips through your door. Heavy footsteps echo in the distance. Nue peeks her head out your window, those… things splaying out behind her. She turns back to you.

“Hey uh, Naoko? Shizuha? We gotta go.”

“Right.” Shizuha starts working your arms back into the sleeves. Straining, you shift your arm slightly toward the hole.

Nue pushes Shizuha aside. She grabs one side of your kimono and pulls it across your body. She pulls the opposite side across. She pulls both sides tight, pinning your arms to your sides, and the wallet to your waist. Grabbing your obi with one hand, she lifts your waist with the other. Slipping the obi underneath, she pulls it up and around, tying it across your stomach.

“…What the hell are your doing?”

Slipping her arms beneath your upper back and your knees, Nue heaves you up. And extends her arms out.

“Here you go.” You fall into another pair of arms.

“I’ll buy you guys some time, if Naoko promises a date when she gets back.”

“She’s not coming ba-”

“I’ll do it.” She’s already saved your ass once, and you kind of want to know how a youkai shows her affection when she’s not about to force herself on you. If you can just get over her extra bits.

“Sweet! Trust me, this monster will be ancient history by the time you’re back.”

Nue takes off, her form shifting just before she leaves your sight.

Shizuha rocks you from side to side, pressing your face and knees against her breasts. She settles your body against herself, all but burying you in the soft fabric of her dress. She steps toward the door. She peeks around the corner, then jogs out and into the street. Dodging through back streets, she leads you toward the edge of the village.

Skirting around the still-bustling markets, Shizuha glances at the walls. She leaps up, reaching at least double your body’s height and clearing the wall. With a quiet whump, she lands on the other side.

“So, genius, what’s your master plan now?”

You… never quite thought it through this far. You’d kind of spit-balled that name, not necessarily expecting anyone to go along with it. It sounds wonderful: no youkai, and numerous exits, so you’re never cornered. But as to how you’d get there…

“…the Hakurei shrine, maybe?”

“The Hakurei shrine.”

“There’s always a party there when the incidents end, right?”

“That one was at least a year ago.”

“Oh.”

“So, we’re back where…” Shizuha trails off. Amid the cricket cries of sunset, a gentle, melodious voice wafts through the air.

“There she is!” A guard cries from the wall.

Shizuha takes off, surging toward the woods. She flies close to the ground. Odd.

Kogasa did something similar. And come to think of it, so did Ayame… no, Nue. Maybe you should ask someone about that, next time you catch a break.

The singing grows loud enough for you to make out some of the words.

“When first I heard your voice, I knew I had no choice~ My love is far too much to tame~”

And it’s apparently a cliché love song.

“Your kind, lovely voice, still makes my heart rejoice~”

Light drains from around you as Shizuha plunges deep into the woods. The sound of crickets fades, replaced by calls and cries from insects you’ve never heard before.

“When first the passion came, I lost all sense of shame~”

That… sounds uncomfortably familiar.

Shizuha stops to lean against a tree.

“Land of Rear Doors… How the hell do we get there?”

“You!”

A finger jabs at you, attached to slender body, in a light blouse and dark, poofy shorts. A bowl of green hair frames her glaring face. There’s… something on her back, probably. Maybe a cape of some kind?

“Your damn siblings can’t stop me now!”

The song grows a touch louder. Is the singer moving toward you?

“Though I never won your game, please tell me your name~”

“…Who are you?” There is something familiar about her. But just barely. Like a neighbor who needed help once. Or one you caught trying to swipe something.

“Wriggle Nightbug! We met behind your house, but those bastards tore us apart! And you never came back!”

The girl reaches out to grab you. Shizuha jerks away. The girl throws herself at you, crashing against both of you. She wraps her arms around you and tugs.

“Let me go!”

“No, goddamnit! You belong with me!”

A thump. Shizuha shakes but holds firm. The girl trips backward but refuses to let go. You crash into her flat chest, as Shizuha falls on top of you. For one peaceful moment, they both let go.

The girl’s hands shoot back around you, but Shizuha shoves them away. Shizuha pushes you away, and you tumble into the leaves of the forest floor. The girl twists toward you, but Shizuha yanks her back.

“Run, Naoko. I’ve got her.”

The singing grows louder. And clearer. The singer is moving toward you. With Shizuha distracted, you’ve got no one left to protect you. Slowly, you heave yourself into a sitting position. Your hands are still tangled in your mis-tied dress, but you don’t have time to try to correct it. Instead, you lean forward, press your feet beneath you, and drag yourself upright.

“I hope it’s not too crass, how much I need your ass~”

Your legs shake, your body wobbles, and your muscles whine. But you’re upright.

You take a few shaking steps back. That girl lunges toward you, but Shizuha tackles her. Something stirs in the near-black air around you. With four awkward steps, you swivel around, looking deeper into the forest. You plant one foot forward, then the other. You shamble into the darkness.

You trample through soft, wet leaves as you march through the woods, traveling as fast as your weary legs can carry you.

“Please, don’t make me act like a whore~”

Long, winding branches hang just above your head, covered in old and rough bark. It feels like you’ve done all this before.

“It's too lovely a mass, to ever let it pass~”

You glance behind you. You see nothing but the darkened trees immediately near you. Everything else is black. If you just had use of your arms, you might use the nearby trees as leverage. Still, you force your sluggish body forward.

“We’ll join ‘till you’re sore, and you can’t stand anymore~”

Scattered webs enter your view, perched in the corners where branches meet their trees’ trunks.

“Oh, we’ll fuck again and again~”

You look back again, to find a pair of fluffy ears on a mop of fluffy pink hair, and bizarre, brown wings spread wide. You’re too tired and worn to jump back. Instead, your foot catches on a root. Instantly, a pair of hands are wrapped around your back, long nails sliding against your bundled dress.

“You’ll beg for more, forgetting who you were before~” She sings into the crook of your neck.

Her hands guide you into her chest, depositing your chin between her heavy breasts.

“Do you like my song? It’s about us.”

“It’s a bit forward, isn’t it?” Like the way she’s pressing her tits against your cheeks.

She chirps.

“Of course not. We’re getting married, right?”

“Married?”

“Yes. You stood me up for a year! Don’t you remember? You promised!”

Did you? A year ago would be… that summer. Was she part of the onslaught? Did you do something weird to get away from her?

You know, most girls would ditch someone for pulling that. Why couldn’t she be one of those girls?

“Would it be too late to call the whole thing off?”

“Well, I guess. But then you’d have to be my mistress, and that’s just weird.”

“What the hell, Mystia!” That’s the girl from before.

Mystia looks back over her shoulder. “…Oh, hey, Wriggle. Uh… This is not what it looks like…”

“Urgh, that’s not why I’m mad! ‘Mistress’ is the opposite of what she’s supposed to be!”

“Different kind of mistress, Wriggle.”

“Still, you thought you’d have her all to yourself, didn’t you?”

“Uh, well…” Mystia’s arms press your face into her chest.

There’s a dramatic sigh. A floral perfume assaults your nose from the fabric of Mystia’s dress, as she buries your face in it. The might of her seemingly delicate hand threatens to smother you between her breasts.

“Whatever.” Wriggle grunts. “But you heard her. She doesn’t want to marry us, and you know what that means.”

“That’s too cruel! How could you do that to her?”

Your eyes flutter, as your muscles sag.

“Excuse me? She blue balled us for decades!”

“One year, Wriggle. It was one year. And besides, we don’t have balls.”

“Still.” Wriggle lets out a strangled sigh. “No. She said no. We’re going with my plan now.”

Their voices grow distant.

“But she didn’t actually say no yet, did she?”

“Well, no, bu…” Your mind trails off into oblivion.



Wet leaves rustle against your head, and the bare flesh of your ass and side. Coarse rope pins your wrists together, behind your back. You’re naked again, but your strength is back.

Pulling your torso upright, you glance around. You’re in some kind of clearing. Well-lit leaves extend out a few paces, before they plunge into impenetrable shadow. Aches and creaks makes themselves known across your body, but they’re manageable. Almost as an afterthought, you snap your thighs together, hopefully hiding your pussy.

Mystia and Wriggle are nowhere to be seen. Thank god.

Footsteps sound, rustling the leaves beneath them. A thick, but curvy figure steps out of the shadow. Like you, she’s completely nude. Full breasts and giant hips sway as she steps forward. A head of full, wavy hair. A face you’ve seen before…

It’s Masami. Masami Honda.

Your mother.

That forest between the thighs, that you’re staring at right now, belongs to your mother.

She turns and drops to her ass next to you.

“How was your day, Naoko?”

She slides her hands to your sides and pulls you into her lap. She’s still a bit taller than you. Hard nipples press into your back, as her pubic hair rustles against your bound hands.

You throw yourself forward, but her arms wrap around your belly and hold firm. Confused, you fall back into her, and fall back on old, old habits.

“I… made a new friend…”

“That’s good to hear. Is she taking care of you?”

“I… well, I lost her recently, but she’s been really helpful so far. I wish there was something I could do for her, though.”

“That’s good, but you should be more careful. Goddesses aren’t as safe for you as they seem.”

Goddess? When did you say that?

“I hear you’ve had some troubles lately, do you want to talk about it?”

“Troubles, like what?”

“They say some mean girls have been pushing you to do things you don’t want.”

“I… it’s fine. It’s under control.” You shut your eyes. Now’s not the time to break down. “I’ll get away from them soon.”

There’s a bright, clear blue sky through the window. You’re sitting at the dinner table now, your bare ass still resting on your mother’s thighs. The table’s bare, and the room is likewise deserted. No fire, utensils, dishes, tools, or anything.

Not even any sounds from outside.

Soft hands slide down your arms, rubbing them.

“You have a plan, right?”

“Of course. I just need to find the right door.”

“What sort of door are you looking for?”

“I’m… not sure. But I need to find one that leads to the realm of the rear door.”

“‘Realm of the Rear Door,’ hm?” She slides one hand across your belly, rubbing circles in it. “And how do you plan to find that door?”

“I… don’t know.”

She slides her hands beneath your breasts. “Well then, perhaps I can help.”

“Really?”

“Yes, but I’m afraid it will come at some cost. You see, I have a friend who knows the way in, but she won’t give that away for free.” She gives one breast a light bounce. “She’ll need something from you. Your name, your face, your humanity, or something like that.”

“…What does that even mean?”

“I’m afraid I don’t know. How badly do you want to access that realm?”

“I… I’d give…” 
“I… I’d give… Nothing.”

A pressure tightens around a nipple as your… As ‘Masami’ pinches it.

“Life will be difficult for you without that help. You know that, right?”

“Yes. I… I know.” You can’t quite remember what happened to you before this, but you’re certain you were in peril. And yet… to give in to strange demands, from a strange woman, with only vague promises of help? No. Whatever trouble you faced before, you’re better off facing on your own. “But I’ll face it myself.”

For some reason, you don’t quite feel comfortable openly admitting you don’t trust her. Or her ‘friend’. You’re starting to wonder if they’re really different people.

“Well…” A pair of fingers closes around your other nipple, and Masami tugs at them. Your skin crawls at the feeling. “I won’t try to stop you, but I’m not sure when you’ll ever find help again. Are you really okay with that?”

“…I am.” More okay than giving what she wants, anyway.

Pain coils through your breasts, as Masami twists your nipples.

“Very well. But I’ll be watching.” With one last, painful twist, Masami lets go, and her hands return to cupping your breasts. It’s… technically an improvement.

“Why… why does that friend want to help?”

“She didn’t say. All I know is that you’ve managed to catch her attention.” Masami rubs circles around your areola.

“Why does she want those things?”

“Hm…” One hand slides down to your crotch, gently rubbing your pussy.

“Could you… could you not touch that? Please?”

A finger slips inside.

“H-how’s Shizuha? Is she okay?”

“Oh, she’s fine. But you… well… I hope you like chains…” 
Birds chirp as the smell of grilled meat floats toward your nostrils. Your head throbs in pain, but you’re not quite sure from what. A soft cushion and warm sheets comfort you, but the way your nipples rub against them feels weird. You stir, only to feel metal dig into your wrists and rub against your crotch. Groaning, you open your eyes. You’re in a bedroom, with a short table to your right, and a chair in the corner. You twist your wrists, but they’re locked tight behind the headboard. Flipping your head back, you find a pair of metal bands chained together behind the wooden bars. A chain that's barely three links long.

You’re pretty sure that being chained to a stranger’s bed isn’t the worst position you’ve been in. Yet. The strange metal wrapped around your crotch might change that, though. Or the legs straddling your stomach. You look down your torso at the green-haired girl sitting on you, her black cape draped over your blanket. Her creepy antennae wiggle, and she pulls the blanket off your breasts.

Goosebumps crawl across the bare flesh of your breasts. You're naked under the sheets.

“Morning, bitch.” That voice is far too cheerful to have uttered that sentence.

Wriggle’s crotch pinches the blanket over your stomach, twisting it with each movement. She leans forward, planting her hands on your breasts to support her weight. She’s grinning, somewhere between playful and vindictive.

“Slept well?” She leans in close, two black antennae all but touching your face. She pulls back. “’Cause I did. Best sleep I’ve had in ages!” A grin breaks out across her face. “Hey, how ‘bout I give you a free preview of what you’re doing tonight?”

“No?”

Wriggle shrugs. “That’s cool. I don’t mind if you struggle.” Her grin grows. “That just makes it more fun.”

Something primal wells up within you. You can’t help it, and can’t resist what happens.

You scream.

“Hel-”

In a split-second, Wriggle’s leg flips over your body, turning her around. Your breath dies in your throat. Her ass looms over you, as a pair of shoes press against the sides of your face, draped over your arms. You try to pull yourself toward the headboard, but her feet prove stronger. Slowly, her ass sinks toward you. Darkness falls, as her black shorts blot out the light. Then it happens. Her ass-cheeks first press against your face, then sink to either side. You can feel the depression of her asshole through the shorts.

“Naturally, you’ll be eating this out ‘till your tongue falls off. But we still haven’t quite figured out where Mystia fits in.” Wriggle’s voice is muffled, but still understandable. She plants her hands on your breasts. “She wants to do something more ‘romantic’, but that’s gonna be kind of hard.”

The scent of denim and her ass fills your nose. You push upward, arcing your body for every ounce of strength you can muster. You push. But Wriggle’s just too goddamn heavy. You twist your body, hoping for some kind of leverage. Nothing.

Mercifully, Wriggle lifts her ass up. You take in a deep gulp of purer air.

“Thank y-”

Wriggle sits it back down, burying your face again. “Aw c’mon~ We can play around a little longer, right?”

You strain to breathe, as Wriggle’s ass dominates your lungs. At least you’re not forced to sniff directly from her asshole. Still, what you’d give for a moment of clean air. Her ass lifts back up again.

It stops a hair’s breadth from your face. It’s enough to breathe a bit easier, but you can’t see anything beyond the black-clad cheeks. For several excruciating moments, it just sits there. Her feet remain clamped to either side of your head; there’s still nothing you can do if she chooses to sit back down.

She stays still.

“Uh… Wriggle. P-please, I’ll do wh-”

Her ass buries you again, her asshole nearing your lips again.

“If I want you to do something, you’ll do it. Besides.” She lets out a quiet, surprisingly feminine moan. Her ass wiggles from side to side, carrying your face with it. “I doubt anything could feel better than this seat.”

Then she stops. Wriggle leans back, burying the entirety of your face beneath her ass-cheeks. Your lungs strain, but barely anything makes it through the barrier of denim and flesh, pressed against your nose and mouth. It feels as if, for this moment, your entire world is just Wriggle’s taut, but suffocating ass.

Then, in a move that squeezes her ass-cheeks around your face, Wriggle hops off the bed. Gripping the edge of your blanket, she yanks it off. You shudder in the suddenly-cold morning air. Wriggle crawls back onto the bed, to sit between your legs. Gripping each by the thigh, she hefts them up. Revealing a metal ‘T’ shape wrapped around your crotch, with some sort of grill in front of your pussy.

The vision of your otherwise utter nudity doesn’t surprise you anymore.

“What do you think?”

You stare at your own crotch, as blood rushes to your head.

“…What is it?”

Wriggle sets your thighs back down, beaming with pride and… something else. Sadism, probably.

“A chastity belt. Now you don’t get to cum unless I allow you. And hey, check this out.” Wriggle fishes through a pocket, then pulls out a small, pink block with a couple knobs on it. She pushes a button.

Something vibrates inside you. It pushes against your flesh with a light thrum, just behind the ‘belt’. You can’t help but squirm a little, but it doesn’t do much.

Wriggle giggles, in a way that’s somehow menacing. She pushes the button again, and the vibrations stop.

“By the time I’m done, you’ll be begging me to fuck you. Just like I would have, had you even given me the chance.”

“Breakfast is ready! Wriggle, bring her over!”

Wriggle shrugs and hops back off. Leaning over you, she fiddles with the bands. There’s a click, and one opens.

You try to bolt out and away from Wriggle, only for her to catch you by the wrist and pull you back. Grabbing the empty shackle, she yanks. Thrown off-balance, you tumble off the bed, held up by your still-bound wrist. Stumbling to your feet, you stagger forward as she opens the door and drags you through it.

You should use your free hand to find something to fight back or escape with. Instead you use it to hide your pussy, and the short hairs now growing near it. You squirm as she drags your naked ass toward Mystia.

There’s a plate of rice and some kind of meat on the table. Mystia stands next to it, beaming.

“Sit her down.”

“Yes, ma’am.” Wriggle hauls you to a chair. She shoves you onto it and pulls one arm through the bars at the edge of the seat’s back. Then, pulling the other arm through the opposite gap, she snaps the cuff back around your wrist, binding your wrists behind you again. The angle bends your arms such that the entirety of your forearms are trapped behind the bars. And you’re forced forward at an angle that exhibits your breasts to your captors.

You give the restraints a light, experimental tug, too intimidated by her earlier aggression to do anything more… obstinate.

“Welp, I’m done here.” Wriggle takes a plate and returns to what must be the bedroom.

“Hey! Don’t make a mess.”

“Wouldn’t dream of it.” The door closes.

“Honestly. If I hadn’t needed her help…”

You glance at the plate in front of you. You lean forward, twisting your arms. You can’t reach the plate. Is this a cruel joke?

“Oh, sorry!” Mystia leans in front of you, using a fork to pick out a piece of meat. She raises it to your lips. “Say ‘ahhh’…”

Biting back frustration, you open your mouth.

She extends the fork, and you clamp down. She pulls the fork back, and you chew. It’s not too bad. Weirdly sweet and a bit bland, but not bad.

“I’m sorry about the handcuffs, but Wriggle’s just so convinced you’ll run away.” Mystia readies another fork, this time including some rice. Obediently, you open back up. Your dry mouth can wait. Mystia slips a hand under your chin as she glides the food in. You take the bite.

“You said you loved me, you know. Why’d you leave?”

You take your time to chew. You need an answer that doesn’t piss her off, but also doesn’t promise too much. Not until you know what will or won’t bite you in the ass. You decide on something partly true.

“I was just… confused.” You start. Some thought or feeling flits across Mystia’s face. “Everything happened so fast. By the time you came, I barely knew who I was.” Technically true. You ran through dozens of theories as to why every youkai around suddenly wanted to fuck you. At one point you figured you must have actually been a youkai. “I’m sorry.” Sorry you got caught, that is. You still put on as contrite and sorrowful a face as you can muster.

Mystia’s face melts. She rushes toward you and throws her arms through the bars to hug you. “It’s okay. We’re together now, and we can finally do everything we promised!”

That puts a pit in your stomach. After a year of memories you wished to forget, you suddenly wish you had perfect memory. Just what the hell did you promise her?

“Well, we can’t do the chocolate tonight, but maybe the pet-play?”

…What the hell is that?

“Oh! You’re probably thirsty too.” Mystia rushes off. Your plate’s barely started. Mystia returns with a clay cup. She extends it to you. “Actually…” She pulls it back. “I’ve got a better idea.”

At just that moment, you feel a click. That thrum starts back up. That… thing vibrates against your walls again.

Mystia raises the cup to her own lips and takes a drink. Grinning, she sets the cup next to your plate and turns to you. She swings a leg over your lap and straddles you. Your legs squirm at the vibrations between them. Sliding her arms behind your head, she leans in and presses her lips to yours.

For a moment, nothing happens. Then Mystia grunts. You part your lips. A sweet, tangy fluid pours down your mouth, and drips down your chin. Fruit juice, but not a fruit you’re familiar with. It’s a welcome relief to your throat, at least. A hard pulse beats against your walls, jolting you and spilling some of the juice down your chin and breasts. Mystia pulls back to take another swig.

She leans back in for another ‘drink’. The vibrations cease. You open up. Just as the first drops slide down your tongue, another hard pulse hits you. You jerk, pushing Mystia back and spilling more of the juice down your bare chest. Mystia takes another gulp and goes right back in, undeterred.

You swallow almost all of it, but her tongue follows. You lock up. You can’t bring yourself to play to this. Mystia pulls back.

Mystia buries her face in your shoulder. “It’s okay. You’re a bit confused right now. I just love you so, so much.”

“You don’t know the first thing about me.”

“That’s not true… Your name is Naoko, you helped check the crops in the morning, but by evening, you’d either play card games with your sisters, or throw a ball with your brothers. You’re a C-cup with a plump ass and…”

“…About who I am.”

“We’ll figure out together.”

Three hard pulses hit your walls. Then it hits a constant thrum, much, much harder than before.

Mystia leans back from you, as a tremor rocks your body. She pops the top button off her dress. She looks at you, bashful. “Do you… do you still feel that way I…”

You open your mouth to respond, just as a ring falls between you and her, held aloft by a pair of metal brackets, each fixed to a leather strap. Before you can speak, it’s jammed between your teeth and latched up behind your head.

“Bweh?”

Your tongue lolls just beyond your jaw, now held wide open by that ring. The brackets pull at the sides of your lips. The vibrations ease to a low hum.

“Hey! We were having a serious discussion, Wriggle!” Mystia steps off your lap.

While they’re talking, you lean forward, straining against the chair.

“Yeah, about sappy shit. Now are you gonna help me train her or not?”

You have no hope in breaking the cuffs on your wrists, but maybe you could snap the wood?

“She doesn’t need to be trained!”

You pound your forearms against the bars, to no avail.

“Mystia, do you even know what a sex slave is?”

“Hweh?” You can’t hide your alarm at that remark. Small beads of sweat form on your skin.

“Shh, girl. Your fiancés are talking.”

Sex slave? Spittle flies from your mouth, as you make one last, desperate heave against the chair.

“Fiancé? Are you kidding me? You still seriously think she’ll even consider fulfilling her marital duties?”

You sag in defeat, staring down your moistened breasts. Saliva trails from your chin, to your bare breasts, down your naval. Small shivers still climb up and down your body, caused by hum inside your pussy.

“If you’d been listening, she’s already all but confessed her love!”

Wait, you did what? When?

“Anyway, take that horrible gag away.”

“You sure you want me to?”

Mystia hesitates. “Why wouldn’t I?”

A hand wraps around your chin. It forcibly angles your face to Mystia’s.

“’Cause I could’ve sworn there was something you really wanted to with these lips.”

“I…” Mystia looks down at you. Well, more leers than looks. “I shouldn’t. You know I shouldn’t. I should just wait…” She glances at Wriggle. “Just this once. And only for a moment.”

Mystia pops every button off her the top half dress in record time. She’s flushed, breathing heavy, and licking her lips. She's shaking but doesn't even slow down. The blouse is half-undone before you notice, both sagging on one side to the deep red of her bra, and the breast it supports. She pops the cup up, exposing her pendulous breast. She leans forward. Wriggle’s hand forces your gaze a bit lower. A single, swollen, brown nipple slides through the ring. Her heavy flesh sealing the hole. The nipple slides against your tongue.

“Ohh… Oh, Honda. We are so going to do this every day.”

“Which is why we should just keep her as a sex slave.”

“But that was not. The. Deal.”

Whack! Your ass burns from the force of Wriggle’s slap. Mystia’s hands fly around the back of your head, keeping your lips on her breast. Her rock-hard nipple slides along your tongue.

“Come on, Mystia! She stood you up. Left you cold and alone. Besides, why do you even want to marry her when you could just fuck her?”

“I…” Mystia nudges your head, trying to force her breast deeper inside. “It’s love, Wriggle. You wouldn’t understand.”

“Love, huh? And if she doesn’t want to fuck you? Would you love her enough to leave her alone?”

“I don’t know! Maybe?”

“And besides, don’t you have work today? Do you really think you can take her with you?”

“I’ll work something out! Now let her speak, so she can prove she still loves me.”

“Fine.”

Wriggle circles around in front of you and pushes Mystia to the side, finally freeing your tongue from her breast. You’d try to cleanse your mouth, if you could move it. She slides her hands behind your head, leaning in close. Quietly, she speaks.

“You and I are going to have a lot of… fun, if she or I find out you lied today.” She leans back and speaks louder. “Actually, I don’t think she really needs to speak. So, girl. You love her or not. Just nod your head to say yes, or shake it to say no.”

Mystia stares at you, hiding nervous shivers behind a bright, but plastered-on smile. Wriggle looks more… eager. Like she’s just waiting for you to fuck up.

Could you possibly do it? Pretend to not only like, but love the woman who’ll rape you? And keep up that charade for who knows how long? Could you possibly say no, knowing your fate may be even worse?

“Oh, don’t forget. You’re not just marrying her. If Mystia gets you as a bride, then so do I. Aren’t you such a lucky girl?”

A part of you really wants to just kick her. Groin, stomach, legs, wherever. It’s a stupid, stupid idea, but this might just be your only chance to wipe that grin off her face. There’s no way it’d be worth her retaliation, is there?

Thinking on it, drool still gliding down your chin.
ou nod, disrupting the saliva flow from your locked-open maw. Goddamnit. Mystia’s face lights up like a star, as her wings fan out. She pops the cup of her bra back over her breast, but leaves her dress and blouse sagging open.

Her smile’s nice, but if you’re doing this, you need some protection from the green sadist. And since you can’t speak, you do the only thing you can think of. Hauling one naked leg up, you pound it into Wriggle’s gut. Amazingly, she actually stumbles backward.

“You piece of sh-!”

Mystia leaps forward, knocking Wriggle aside as she buries her tongue behind your locked teeth. She drapes a hand behind your head, and another around your back. Her tongue drifts between your lips, sliding against your own and taking brief tastes across the sides of your mouth. Like she’s testing the waters. She pushes her tongue underneath yours, then sweeps it back over.

She pulls back, licking her lips. You suck a breath in, through jaws still locked wide open.

Mystia hops back and circles behind you. Wriggle rubs her stomach, muttering under her breath. She grabs a fat, white stick of some sort, with a black cap. Looming over you, she extends it toward your forehead. You swing your leg back for another kick, only for her to catch it with her foot.

“Don’t hurt her, Wriggle.” Mystia fiddles with your cuffs.

“Yeah, yeah.” She pops the cap off, revealing a very short black brush at the end, and presses it against your face. You wince as she rubs it against your forehead, moving it in squiggly lines for a few moments. When she pulls back, you open your eyes to catch her bringing it down to your lower belly.

You squirm helplessly as Wriggle scribbles something just above the belt, just before a cuff snaps open. Wriggle bounces back and walks away. You pull your wrists out from the chair, as Mystia circles back around. She takes one look at Wriggle’s handiwork.

“Wriggle!”

“Just leaving her a few… reminders.”

Mystia groans in frustration. She turns to you and stretches out her hand. Hesitant, you accept, and she helps pull you upright.

“C’mon, Naoko.” Mystia wraps her arm around your shoulder, her almost bare breast against your side. She leads you back to the bedroom. Your heart pounds and your fingers twitch. She’ll probably expect you to do it with her. Enthusiastically. Like you want her inside you, or to be inside her. You’ve been through a lot, but that… What’ll happen when she finds out you lied? Will she tell Wriggle?

A hand snaps around your free wrist and drags it behind your back, snapping the cuff back on it before you can act. You throw your gaze behind you, to find Wriggle slipping a key down her shorts.

“Iheea. Ieh. Eeuh,” you blurt out, trying to force words through the ring.

Mystia opens the door and turns back to you. “Oh. Heh, heh, sorry. Gimme just a sec, okay?”

She leads you to the bed and sits you down on it, then plops down beside you and starts working the straps to your gag. Her wings encircle you, not quite touching your skin. With a clack, the clasp is undone, and she pulls it loose. Then, leaning against you, she pulls the straps away from your head and pops the ring out of your mouth. She pulls it back to herself as you exercise your jaw. It’s already a bit sore.

Then Mystia wraps her arms around you and throws you into the mattress, wrapping her body and wings around you.

“Oh, this is a dream come true!” She nuzzles into your shoulder. “It’s finally happened! After that long, cold year, you’re finally here, where you belong!” She plants a quick, soft kiss on your neck.

A click. The vibrations start again, having stopped at some point during the chaos. Your breath hitches, but you manage to keep from letting anything more embarrassing out.

“So, where do you want to go first?”

“Go? For what?”

Mystia swats your thigh. “For our date, silly. We can’t just get married without going on at least one, right?”

Date. Of course. Just what y- hrk. A bead of moisture trickles out from behind the belt. No. You could use this. If you play your cards just right, you could hold off on actual sex until afterward, right?

“So, where do you want to go?”

“I…” There’s only one place you want to be right now. But there’s a much worse monster waiting there. You clamp your legs together, fighting the urge to rub them against one another as the heat builds.

The vibrations die back down. Wriggle’s playing with you. Taunting you. You need to get the hell out of here before she breaks you down. If you could just yank that thing out of your…

Your stomach rumbles.

“Oh, oops. I kinda forgot to finish feeding you, huh? Give me just a second.” Mystia lets go and stands back up. “Oh, stay there for a bit, okay?”

She walks back through the door.

For one precious moment, you’re alone. You’re bare-ass naked, hands tied behind your back, but you’re alone. Idly, you wonder if you could escape like this. There’s a glass window that looks like you could just pop it open, if you could work the latch with your teeth.

Well, if you sat with your back to it, you could use your hands…

But either way, streaking through the forest, bound, is probably even worse than staying here.

The door opens, and Mystia walks back in, carrying your plate and cup. Her wings flutter as she sets the dishes on the bed-table. She scoops up a portion of your breakfast with her fork and extends it toward you.

“Say ‘ahh.’” She holds one hand under the fork, smiling.

“Ahh…”

She slides her spare hand under your chin as she guides the food in.

She spends the next several minutes feeding you. It’s quite nice. The food’s good and no one’s pestering you for pleasure. You take a moment to relax and savor the taste, until she’s fed you everything on the plate. Then she grabs the cup and empties it behind her own lips. Her cheeks swell. She leans in close, puckering her lips.

You can’t help a nervous twitch as your eyes bounce left to right, but you close them tight and open your lips. Gotta pl-

Mystia plants her lips against yours and forces the juice down your throat. She rubs her tongue against yours as she shoves you down against the mattress. Juice drips down your cheeks, onto the sheets. Everything tastes sweet and fruity. She all but collapses on top of you, wrapping one arm around your back while burying her other hand in your hair. You let out a quiet mewl as she assaults you with her tongue. She pulls back for air, ruffling your hair, but before you get a single breath in, she buries her tongue down your throat again.

She pulls back again, this time to slip her dress over her head and wings, then drop it on the floor. Her blouse follows. She must’ve unbuttoned them while she was-

Her lips crash into yours again. She holds back her tongue, for at least a moment, as she grinds her body against yours. Heavy breasts, tipped with painfully erect nipples rub against your own, as she slides a leg between yours and presses it to your crotch.

It hits metal, but she doesn’t even seem to care as she returns her arm to your back. Her tongue returns, this time poking at your own.

The hand around your back slips down and gives your ass a squeeze.

That sets something off. Before you can think about it, you’ve turned your head away, breaking the kiss. Mystia’s gyrations stop, and you make yourself drag your gaze back to her.

She stares at you, blinking, saliva still trailing from her lips. You take a few moments to catch your breath, the rise and fall of your stomach pressing against her own.

Her brow wrinkles in worry.

Shit. You’re supposed to be ‘in love’ with her. You need an excuse. Now.

“I- I… I, I’m sorry. I just… I wasn’t ready. Let’s…” Keep going. Keep going. Keep fucking going. She’s the only thing between you and Wriggle right now. Just tell her you’re ready to… “Maybe later?”

Goddamnit. You can only pray this doesn’t ruin it.

“Oh, heh heh. Sorry.” She rubs her neck. Wrapping both arms around your back, she stares deep into your eyes, a dreamy expression on her face. “It’s okay. I always knew we’d be here. Wriggle thinks it was a lie, that all your talk of love and submission was just a ruse. Just an excuse to get me to let go. And who knows? Maybe that’s true.” She strokes your hair. “But it’s okay. You’re mine now, and that’s all that matters.”

Right. Hers. You’re her little sex toy now. Just like you were Kagerou’s toy, and Kogasa’s toy, and that… thing’s toy. You’re shivering. You’re not quite sure why. You wrap y- Your cuffs clink. Right, you can’t even hug yourself.

You choke back what might be a sob. Or a cough. Or just something stuck in your throat.

“Are you okay?”

You push away with your feet and flip, turning your back to her.

“Is it something I said?”

You fold your legs in, against your stomach. You can’t do this. You can’t pretend to love her. You can barely pretend to like her. Weren’t you supposed to be in some esoteric realm by now? Rear door, or something? How the hell did one simple, goddamn trip get so badly derailed? Where’s Shizuha? Shouldn’t she have saved you by now? You never should’ve left the farm. What’s Ayame doing right now? Wh-

A faint buzz stirs against your flesh.

No. Not now. Not f-

The toy explodes into action, beating against you. Your body’s quaking in seconds. You try to choke back a groan, but your breathing’s already labored. A heavy, throaty moan escapes your tongue, and you can already feel more on the way.

“Naoko? Are you okay?”

Mystia rests a hand on your shoulder. You try to twist away from it, but you’re shaking too hard and your motor control’s shot to hell.

“F-f- i-ine.”

Your legs betray you, squirming in a vain effort to push the toy in deeper. Then the toy hits a sweet spot, arcing your back and forcing a squeal past your lips.

“You… you know, I hear some girls could get off just by playing with their breasts really well, maybe…”

What? No! Your muscles lock together, as a spasm runs through you. Your juices slip down your hips and seep into the blanket. Your body curls forward.

You feel the edge approach. She’s about to make you climax without even touching you.

Then it stops. The toy dies down to a low hum.

Your muscles sag, partly in relief, as you bite back a frustrated scream. Mystia pulls you into her arms, her still-rigid nipples reminding you of her desire.

“There, there. I’ll talk to Wriggle. I’m sure we can convince her to go a bit easier on you.” A hand slides across your breast. There’s some pleasure from her touch, which makes your skin crawl.

“…I don’t have to marry her, right?”

“Eh heh. Sorry. But you kind of do. Unless you really did want to be her slave.” Mystia idly plays with your nipple.

“Hell no.”

“Well, then I guess you’ll be Ms. Lorelei and Ms. Nightbug. I’ve got an awesome wedding dress picked out for you, you know. I think you’ll love it.” She buries her nose in your hair. “All white, and pretty, lots of lace…” The hand not fondling your tit travels south to paw at your iron belt in slow, sleepy motions.

One heavy moan escapes your lips as the toy starts back up. You bite back the next one. The returning quakes aren’t helping. Mystia’s motions soon slow to a crawl, then stop altogether. Then her other hand falls off your breast, slumping to the mattress beneath you. Her stomach pushes against you in a steady rhythm of rise and fall.

She’s asleep. Mystia is now the first person to fall asleep molesting you. And there’s still sunlight pouring over the whole goddamn room.

There’s a quiet knock on the door. Then it clicks open, and a pair of feet step around the bed, until a pair of black shorts enter your vision. Wriggle drops into a crouch, bringing her eyes level to yours.

“Hm. I guess you would make a pretty good body pillow, huh?” As far as you can tell, she’s not actually carrying any weird toys. What does she… “Well, Mystia needed the sleep anyway. Now.” She gives your breast a light swat. “Get up. We need to talk.”

You nestle into Mystia.

“Don’t bully her, Wriggle.” Mystia stirs, her voice bleary.

“Don’t nanny me, Mystia. It’s just a talk.”

“…Fine.” Mystia scoots your legs off the bed, and Wriggle hauls you upright. You squirm in her grip, twisting against her, but she just presses your arms into your torso and shoves you forward. She pushes you around the bed and back through the door. She hauls you toward that chair and drops you in it. At least she doesn’t bind you to it again.

She pulls another chair out, until it’s facing you. She sits down in it, propping her feet on your lap.

“I need you to do something for me, before I let you off the hook.” She pokes your stomach with the tips of her shoes.

“…I thought the deal was just about whether I loved Mystia?”

“The deal was that both of us got to fuck you. The question was whether we’d be fucking our wife or our slave.” She levels a glare at you, rubbing her stomach. “Somehow, I don’t trust you to follow through on your own.”

“Do you… need me to do something?”

“I need you to prove you won’t waste the past year of my life.” Wriggle swings her legs off your lap and stands up. She unzips and kicks her shorts off. There are simple black panties underneath. She sits back down, spreading her legs. “I’m not taking the belt off until Mystia and I have both come, but I need to know you’ll do your part. So, you can eat me out, or you can lick my feet. Or do something else, but I’d better come out convinced.”

A sleepy, inaudible mumble floats in from the bedroom.

Wriggle looks away and lets out a frustrated sigh. “If… If you do well enough, I might ease up on the torment. I guess.”

“If… If I…”

“Don’t? If you don’t, we go back to doing things my way.”

You gulp. In retrospect, this was probably the best you could expect from someone so deep under your “talent’s” influence. Still doesn’t ease the bile at what you’re being asked to do.

A part of you really wants to just come out and tell her why she wants you so badly. Maybe she wouldn’t be quite so eager to fuck you if she knew she was being manipulated. On the other hand, what if she takes that as an admission to having lied to Mystia? Now seems like a terrible time to learn what she meant by ‘fun.’

You part your suddenly dry lips.

“I… I’ll do it. I’ll… I’ll lick your, your feet.” You’re shaking. You hate submitting like this, but if it delays having to fuck someone again, even for just a moment, you’ll do it.

“Well, what are you waiting for?” Wriggle taps her feet.

You plant your hands against the seat and lower yourself to a kneel. With how close she’d been sitting, you’re already between her feet.

“Good girl.” Wriggle pops the strap off one shoe, then the other. She slides the first to your face. “Take it off for me, would you?”

She’s kidding, right? She’s the one that locked your hands behind you. What does she expect you to…

No. She’s not expecting you to do that, is she? You look up at her, praying that you’re wrong.

She lets out a dramatic sigh. “With your teeth, dumbass.”

Of course. Returning to her feet, you bite down on the front of her shoe. Her foot slips out, and you drop the shoe on your lap. She offers her other shoe. You move to bite that one as well, but she pulls away. You look to her, but she just smiles back. You lean forward, and she pulls her foot back against her crotch. You lean further, finally closing your teeth around it. Using that foot, she pushes your head back, before finally retracting her foot from the shoe. You throw that shoe to the side. All that’s left between you and your inevitable, repulsive job is a pair of short, white socks.

“Good girl.” She says, wearing that condescending smirk. “Now, how about you help me with these?” She prods her foot against your lips.

They smell like sweat and, well, used socks. You wrinkle your nose, but part your lips wide open, hoping to keep all but your teeth away from the wool. You bite into the edge, pinching the sock between your teeth and pulling away. It slides across, and then off her foot. You drop it to your lap the split-second her toes pop free. Wriggle presents the other sock, rubbing it across your lips. The aroma of used sock fills your nose. You bite down and rip it off, swallowing a taste of her sweat to end it early. You spit it to the side.

“So far, so good. Maybe I won’t have to bully you so much, after all. Now, about your promise.”

Wriggle presents you with her bare foot. For a moment, you stare. Her toes flex in anticipation. The smell nearly smothers you. You need to lick that thing, to run your tongue along her foul feet. Her gaze hardens. Up to now, you’ve managed to get her in a relatively good mood, and you need to start soon if you want to keep her that way.

You press your lips to the big toe. You look back up to her smug face. You slide your tongue along the tips. You have no idea how to do any of this. Sex, at least, is something you understood, conceptually, before your first time.

Your first rape.

There’s a taste of dirt and sweat. You angle your head up to slide your tongue over the top of her foot, avoiding the worst of it. Wriggle angles her foot down, allowing you to slide up from the toes to the ankle, and back down. It feels like you’re tilling the ground, trailing each lick along fresh skin. As unpleasant as it is, it’s somehow a step up from what’s become the norm of your life. You wish you could just lick someone’s feet all day.

Just as you reach the end of her foot, she swipes it away and pushes her other foot to your lips. You repeat the process. Back up and down the dirty skin of your captor’s bare foot. Soon you’ve licked the tops of both feet clean.

Then she angles her foot up. She doesn’t push it toward you or rub it against you. She just lets it sit there. She knows what you’re going to do. She knows what you must do. Forcing down disgust and frustration, you lean forward, planting a kiss against the ball of her foot. The smell almost does you in before you force your tongue out. It tastes… quite a bit worse. For a moment, the scent and taste of Wriggle’s sweat, mixed with some dirt, overpowers you. You pull back, hacking out your disgust.

Then her leg slips over your shoulder, and she presses her foot against your face. Her toes block out your sight, as her heel squashes your lips. All you can do is sit there. Naked, save for the chastity belt. Kneeling, hands bound behind you, inhaling nothing but the scent of Wriggle’s sweaty foot.

She pulls her foot back, slightly. “I believe you still have some work to do. Right, Naoko?”

Grimacing, you stick out your tongue and force yourself forward. You drag it down from her pad to her sole. It’s foul, but you force your tongue all the way to the heel. You drag it back up, fighting the urge to gag. Even after several long licks, as you coat her foot in your own saliva, the smell lingers. Muted, but very present. Struggling, you flick your tongue across the top edge of her pad, grazing her toes.

Wriggle pulls the wet foot back and plants it on one of your bare breasts, pushing you back as she slides her leg off your shoulder. Setting the wet foot on your lap, she presses the underside of her other foot to your lips. More sweat and dirt greet your tongue, but you fight your way through. Eventually, with a flick, you finish off that foot as well.

Wriggle pulls that foot back, and sets each foot on one of your breasts, pushing you backward. You’re forced to plant your bound hands to the floor, but you don’t fall.

“Did… did I do good?”

“Hmm…” Wriggle strokes her chin like there’s a beard there. “You did okay. But I still have one little thing for you to do.” She extends a foot forward. “Open up~”

She slides her big toe past your lips, followed by its neighbor. The foul taste that tormented your tongue now fills your mouth.

“Make sure to get between them, okay?”

Wincing, you slide your tongue between Wriggle’s toes, as she slides them through your mouth.

“Oh! I just forgot. How silly of me.” A click. The toy roars back to life between your legs, pounding and thrashing against your flesh. Your tongue falls limp as your body quakes. That body, denied ever since the library, screams for release.

A foot taps your gut. “Keep licking, girlfriend.”

Struggling to focus as your muscles rattle, you drag your tongue back inside and just manage to squeeze it between her two smaller toes, as the toy dies back down. Your tongue droops past your lips, as Wriggle pulls her toes free of your mouth.

You sag forward, sweating and worn out from the endless stream of teasing that Wriggle has put you through. A pair of toes lifts your chin up.

“C’mon, you’re almost there~”

Wriggle raises her other foot to your lips. You open up for her, as she slides her toes inside. You’re too weary to care about how disgusting it tastes, as you slip your tongue between her smallest toes. Exhausted, you drag it between each pair, picking up who-knows-what on your way to the big toe.

Finally, you manage to haul your tongue across the side of the last toe, as Wriggle drops her other leg back over your shoulder. You look to her, confused. She pushes her foot further past your lips, jamming three of her toes inside and tapping the base of your tongue with the big one. Revolted, you try to pull back, only for her leg to hold you firm.

“C’mon, give it a good suck, would you? Then we’ll be done, I promise.”

Relenting, you do as she says. You’ve already licked off most of the sweat and grime, so it doesn’t taste much worse. Then the vibrations start again. Once more, your body warms up fast. Small shakes and tremors return, but the toy sticks to a low hum, allowing you to continue squeezing against her toes.

After a moment, Wriggle pops her foot free of your lips, before she rubs it across your face.

“Good girl. Maybe we can get along after all, huh?”

“Will you leave me alone?”

Wriggle gives you a flat look, pressing her foot to the side of your head. “Very funny. But,” She retracts her leg and sets both feet down. “I guess I shouldn’t leave you in suspense anymore.”

“…About what?”

A devilish grin splits Wriggle’s face, as she hops off the chair and rummages through a nearby cupboard. She pulls out a polished bronze disk. She settles back into her chair and presents it to you.

It’s a mirror. You see the image of a young woman naked, kneeling and bowed. You. There are scribbles on your forehead and lower belly, but it takes a moment to decode them. Reversed by the mirror, the writing on your forehead spells out ‘bitch.’ Scrawled just above your belt is ‘property of Wriggle and Mystia,’ with an arrow pointing downward.

“See, it’s not too bad, is it?” Wriggle strokes your belly with her foot. “I mean, I could have called you so many, much meaner things. Instead I just wrote that you’re slightly mean.” She pinches your nose between two toes and drags your face close to her crotch. “Now, neither of us have cum yet, so you’re still wearing that belt for a while, but maybe you can get ol’ Mystia taken care of soon.”

“…What do you mean?”

Wriggle lets go. “I’ve got some business to take care of. So I…”

There’s a knock on the door.

“Just a second.” Wriggle stands up, hauling you up after her. “C’mon, this way.” She pushes you back toward the bedroom. She throws the door open and pushes you inside, closing it behind you. After a moment, there’s a click, and the door locks. You slump against it, squirming at the toy whirring away inside you.

You hear what you assume to be the front door opening, and an unfamiliar voice engaging with Wriggle. This… this could be your ticket out of here. If this woman is powerful enough, and cares enough to take you away. Of course, even if she does, she’ll likely try to force herself on you instead. And if she doesn’t get you out, you’ll blow all favor you’ve managed to earn with Wriggle and Mystia.

…It’s probably better just to play along, for now. But then there’s the question of the belt. So long as you wear it, neither of your captors will touch your pussy or ass. Probably. But at the same time, that sex toy will stay lodged inside you for Wriggle to tease you with.

You look to the bed, where Mystia sleeps, splayed out only halfway under the covers, likely due to the rising summer heat. Of course, even waking her up from that, you doubt it would take any effort to ‘seduce’ her. But you just doused Wriggle’s feet in your own spit for the sole purpose of delaying this kind of thing. Is now really the time to start fucking someone for a favor?

Or you could try telling her about your aura. She’ll probably be hurt, but she’s likely not as eager for an excuse to punish you as Wriggle seems to be. 
You can’t count on whoever’s on the other side to help you. Even if you get through the door, it’s bound to piss Wriggle off. If you want to hold off sex in any meaningful way, you need to try what you’ve never quite done before. You gulp and turn to Mystia. Sunlight shines across her wings and breasts, only half-covered by the sheets. Her arms splay out across her wings, as her chest rises and falls in a steady, quiet rhythm. You step toward her. It would be nice to just go sit in a corner and wait for nightfall, maybe fall asleep there. You almost drool at the thought of hours upon hours of not getting fucked or molested.

Then you suffer a short spasm, reminding you of the thing still whirring away inside you. Besides, so long as you remain trapped in this house, it’s all certain to be nothing more than idle fantasy. Your hands remain locked behind your back, and that damn belt still rubs against your bare flesh.

Warm, sticky fluid slips down your leg and drips onto the wooden floor. The voices in the other room grow heated as you glance over Mystia’s sleeping form.

If you want any hope of easing your stay here, you need to make yourself less desirable. You must convince one of them of the truth. You lean down to push your face against Mystia’s arm. But she barely stirs. You drop your face into the sheets and shove against her arm. Her arm shifts, but she remains still.

Then she rolls over, her other arm falling across your neck and pulling in, pushing your head against her bare chest. She physically drags your body partly into bed as she presses your face to her chest. Your face is trapped in a tight, wet, and warm space as her breast brushes against your cheek. Yet the gentle rhythm of her breathing remains perfectly steady.

“Uh… hey, Mystia?” you whisper. No response.

“Hello? Wake up please…” you raise your voice incrementally. Even as the weight of her body presses against you, the last thing you want to do is piss her off before you have a chance to talk. “Please, wake up. I need to tell you something.”

There’s a few soft, incoherent mumbles, but nothing more.

You don’t know how long Wriggle will be distracted, or what she’ll do when she’s done. You need to get this conversation started now.

So, you do the only thing you can think of. You open your mouth, strain forward, and bite into her breast.

Mystia yelps and spins to her other side, knocking your teeth back and dragging you with her. Her eyes flutter open, weakly, as your body slumps into the sheets, next to her.

She gives you an almost angelic smile, wrapping her legs around one of yours. She drapes a wing over your body.

“Hey, Naoko. You need something?”

“Yes, I… there’s something you need to know.” Best ease into this.

She pulls you back. “Well then, go ahead.”

“It’s, well. I think something’s sort of, uh, you’re being tricked. Manipulated, into…” Her legs rustle against yours. “I have this… aura, I think. It, well…”

You clear your throat. Focus.

“You and Wriggle weren’t the only ones who wanted to, to be with me.” You can’t quite bring yourself to say the R-word. Not to her face, at least. “There were a lot of… people, chasing me down.” Mystia’s brow furrows. “It’s…”

“Every youkai I meet wants the same thing you and Wriggle want. They all want to be with me. To play with me.”

Mystia’s gaze softens in sympathy.

“If it wasn’t for that aura, we’d never have met. You wouldn’t even know I existed.” Well, probably. Hopefully.

Mystia leans in to plant a light kiss against your lips. “I guess I should be thanking it then, huh?”

Is she even listening? You don’t want to irritate her, but you need to press her on this, “Mystia, do you think every youkai near my farm just happened to decide they all wanted me? That all of them just happened to decide on the same farm girl, at the same time, for the same reasons?”

“Hm?” she gives you a blank stare.

“You… you don’t really love me, y-”

Her eyes narrow. “Excuse me, what?”

The toy still whirrs inside you, and Mystia’s flesh still presses against you. “I’m still shackled, Mystia-”

“Handcuffed.”

“Whatever. I don’t even know what happened to my clothes, and you’ve barely even protected me from Wriggle. You don’t love me. You just want me for your own pleasure. And-”

“No. You’re wrong, Naoko. I-”

“It’s fine. You don’t have to love me. I really don’t even…” Wait, you don’t want to admit to your deception yet. Not until you have the aura thing out of way. “Anyway, your feelings aren’t really, well, real. It’s just my au-”

“Then turn it off.”

“What?” Your legs squirm against hers, still agitated by that buzzing toy.

Mystia pouts and pulls you tight against her. “If my feelings aren’t real, if it’s just something you’re doing to me, then surely you can turn it off, right?”

“If I could, I would have last summer.”

Mystia rubs your back. “No helping it, I guess. If my feelings are so fake, I guess I should just give up now and leave you with Wriggle.”

“What?” No. She’s just joking, right?

“No, no. You’re right. Clearly my feelings are too fake, so I should leave you with the girl who doesn’t care where hers come from.”

“I… can we talk about this?” This is almost the last direction you wanted this conversation to take.

Mystia pulls you into a tight hug, squishing your face against her breasts. “The thing is, I can’t help how I feel about you. Maybe it’s not love, but it certainly feels like it. And besides, being here with you feels so much better than without you. So,” she pulls back, and her eyes flatten, “you can be with me, or alone with Wriggle, which do you really want?”

“I, I don’t…” Something’s wrong. It smells fishy. It-

She strokes your cheek, face settling into a glare. “Naoko. You don’t… You don’t really love me, do you?”

And there it is. As inevitable as this was, you’d hoped that maybe you could sidestep it somehow. Still, you need to find a way to ease her desire.

“Really, Mystia. The only reason you want me i-”

She wraps a hand around your head and plants her lips against yours. She pulls back. “Naoko. Do you love me. Yes or no?”

You swallow hard. She’s not Wriggle. She probably won’t hurt you for looking at her weird. Your wrist-cuffs clink. Your heavy tongue lifts as you part dry lips.

“I… I’m sorry, Mystia. I don’t.” For a split-second, her eyes fly wide open. Her expression then turns black. “Listen, when Wr-”

Mystia buries her face in your chest. She wraps her arms around your back and lets out a muffled screech. She pulls back, glaring at you.

“So it’s true. You lied to me back at that farm, and you lied to me here.”

“I’m sorry, really. But y-”

“No, no. It’s fine. Just fine.” She sighs, planting a hand against your breast. “You don’t want to touch me, right?” A hand slides down your back and squeezes your ass. “You don’t like me doing this, do you?”

“I…” As uncomfortable as her wandering hands are, there’s something in her tone that bothers you more. No point to lying now, though. “Please don’t. I just w-”

She kneads the base of your breast. She lets out something between a sigh and a groan. “Looks like Wriggle had the right idea all along. You need those handcuffs on your wrists. If we didn’t chain you up, you’d already be gone, huh?” She pulls you close. Her breasts press against yours, as her wings envelop you. “You’d leave us lonely and frustrated, wouldn’t you?”

“…What?”

“It’s been a year, Naoko. Do you really think these things will just go away?”

“I, guess not?”

“And rather than try to help, you’d abandon us to it? Curse us to live all our days as slaves to desire, unable even to experience even the simple joy of your company?”

“I, I’m sorry. I just want to be left alone. Is that really so much to ask?”

Mystia groans.

“It… it’s not like I can’t understand, you know.” She leans in to plant a kiss on your forehead. “I’m sure it must have been difficult, hiding all the time. So…” She flicks your nipple. “I guess I’m willing to offer a compromise, if you’ll hear it.”

“…What is it?” She’s not completely pissed off, right?

“I still can’t bear to be without you, so…” She gives your ass a light squeeze. “We’re still getting married, but you don’t have to pretend to love me, at least when we’re alone, okay?”

You let out a defeated sigh. “Do I have a choice?”

“Of course you do. There’s always Wriggle.” A shiver runs down your spine. A sly smile creeps across her face. “For such a pain in the neck, she can be just so convenient. So, you don’t want to go back to her, right? Without my protection?”

Slowly, you nod your head.

“Good.” Mystia nuzzles your cheek. “But…” she pulls back, “we do still have to handle your little fib. And if Wriggle won’t punish you, I guess I have to.” She sits up and swings a leg over your body. “So, we can do this one of two ways.” She hops off the bed and moves to the closet. She rummages through it, pulls out a pair of objects, then turns back to you. She hops back to the bed, holding a white puff-ball attached to a series of beads in one hand, and a headband with a pair of white rabbit ears in the other.

“If you hate my touch so much, I guess you just have to make good on your original promise and be my cute little bunny. Or we tell Wriggle.”

“…Do I just wear the ears?”

“Hm…” Mystia eyes the headband. She looks back to you. “No. I think I’ll have you hop around too, and good pets don’t say mean things like how they don’t love their masters, so I’ll also need to get the gag back out.”

“Are there any other options…” You trail off, catching a glimpse of very pale, green hair whip through the closet.

“Unless you’d rather fuck me, right now, no. Or you can come up with a better punishment, I guess. But if I don’t like your offer, I’m leaving it all up to Wriggle.”

Mystia hesitates, then offers an apologetic smile. “If you choose to stick with me, I promise I’ll at least try not to force you into anything explicitly sexual. I can’t control Wriggle, though.”
“Can I look in your closet first?” You can’t quite meet her eyes.

Mystia frowns at you.

“Just, just for a second! I’ll take whatever punishment you want. I just want to, you know, see what options I have.” She gives you a flat look. “I-I mean, what if we find something you’ll like more?”

Mystia narrows her eyes. “Fine.” She sets the ears and puffball near you. “C’mon then. Follow me.”

Hesitantly, you push off the bed and follow behind her. Your hips jerk as the still vibrating toy pulses once, before settling back into that endless, insufferable rhythm.

“C’mon, c’mon.” Mystia slides an arm around your hip as she wraps a wing around you. She pulls you close to her side, rubbing her hand up and down the side of your ass.

“Could you maybe, not touch…”

“Shh. You don’t want to fuck me, right?”

You nod.

“Well, I’m trying to hold myself back here, but you need to give me something to work with, okay?”

You look away, allowing her to fondle your ass as she pulls the closet door completely open. There’s a series of dresses hanging from a rack, and a pile of assorted things beneath them. The first for you to recognize being at least three more sets of shackles, or handcuffs as Mystia called them.

There’s a very short roll of some shiny, gray fabric. A short black sash of some kind. A paddle, a whip, a coil of rope, a leather leash, and a black box.

Half the outfits and dresses on the rack are familiar or common enough, but some are just strange. There’s a very lacy, sleeveless white dress, with a tight midsection, but a see-through skirt and similarly transparent chest, which tapers up to a white collar. There are a few more dresses and outfits with holes or transparent fabric over the breasts, tiny skirts, or slits in strange places.

“What’s in the box?”

“Eh he he. Just a little jewelry we scrounged together.”

Mystia folds her wings against her back as she kneels down to pop the box open. She pulls out a pair of silver earrings with a weird chain between them. “These go on your nipples…”

“My what?” Okay, not earrings, exactly.

“Here, let me show you.” Mystia leans over you.

“No, no. I’m good.” You back away, falling on your ass and scooting back toward the bed. She soon stops, and so do you.

“Well, if you insist…” Mystia goes back to rooting though the box.

You settle down, stretching out your legs and planting your hands underneath you. You’ve no doubt Mystia will find something horrible in there to force you into, but so what? You can’t run, fight, or even meaningfully resist her. There’s just no point. She’s going to force you into something humiliating, she’ll force you to go on some ‘date’ with her, and she’ll no doubt rape you eventually.

This isn’t a question of if she’ll violate you, and maybe it never was. Perhaps they had sealed your fate the moment they saw you. Maybe you should have just stuck with Kogasa. Let her do whatever weird stuff she wanted with your ass; at least she never forced you to touch or taste hers. Idly, you tug at your handcuffs. You’re shaking, a bit, as your fluid drips from the belt to the cool wood beneath your ass.

Maybe you never had a chance to escape this. Maybe you were destined to be Mystia and Wriggle’s bitch the moment they laid eyes on you. Your family had performed admirably, but it now seems like the entirety of their accomplishment was in delaying the inevitable. If only you could go back to the time before that horrible summer.

If you could just return to living on that farm, busting your ass during the day, then goofing off at night. Before that summer. That goddamn summer. Those fucking monsters. Th…

“You think this would look good on you?”

Mystia holds up a cutesy, pink apron.

“What would I wear it with?”

Mystia lets out a soft, longsuffering sigh. “You just don’t get it. You’d wear only it. Nothing else. That’s the point.” She shuffles through the rack some more. “Maybe I should get something more exciting.”

If Ayame was still here, maybe she could’ve saved you. If she saw you like this, surely, she’d at least have tried. No one in your family was exactly a Reimu Hakurei or a Keine Kamishirasawa, but they were used to fighting off youkai. A skill that, despite your efforts, you never quite got a hold of.

“I guess we could do a maid thing, maybe? Or, hm…”

You lean back, closing your eyes. Of course, trying to explain this to your family would get weird fast. ‘Oh hi, mom. Hey, Ayame. Do you guys know it how felt to be molested by what seemed like you?’ Well, Nue didn’t molest you, exactly. Hell, she didn’t even force you into that ‘date.’ Still, if you went back, it’d probably be best to avoid those topics the first few weeks…

Mystia’s voice, along with the sound of her shuffling through jewelry, fades out. Confused, you open your eyes back up. Vague, muddy colors swirl around you, until they converge into a whole lot of red.



Books. There are tall, imposing bookshelves everywhere. Balconies stretch above you, containing even more of these books. A soft, red carpet rests beneath you.

“Good morning, Ms. Honda.” A shockingly familiar voice calls. Thin, tired, and raspy, like that one book you talked with. A woman sits before you, slouching behind a desk. Long, violet hair droops from her pale hat past her shoulders and down her back. She wears what appears to be a lavender set of warm nightclothes.

“Please tell me, young lady, just what it is you’re doing on my arcane payroll.”

“Your what?”

She lets out half of an exasperated sigh, before it degenerates into a dry cough.

“I have a project of utmost importance underway at this very moment, and therefore no time for games.” She sets her hands down on the table. “I have enough of my power drained by my current servant and I cannot afford a second waste, especially for one who offers nothing in return. So, precisely how have you managed to accomplish this feat, and what would it take to remove you from my command?”

“I… what are your talking about?” At this moment, it strikes you that you’re not sitting or standing in the room you see. In fact, it’s as if you’re not even physically present.

She rubs her temples. “Do you know what a familiar is?”

That term sounds weirdly, well, familiar. “I’m not entirely sure. Was it some kind of servant?”

“I suppose I’ll have to start from the beginning then. Like magicians, familiars come in both natural and occupational forms. Since you have not spawned from the maelstrom of my energies, you are an occupational familiar. The function of a familiar is to perform arcane tasks while her mistress is otherwise occupied. Now, please, both my time and my power are precious; would it be so terrible to tell me how and why you’re draining it?”

She glares. You wince. This, this is your arcane mistress, then?

“I needed help. I was…” You take a moment to think. “Under attack. A book had possessed someone and used her to assault myself and my, uh, friend.” In retrospect, your relationship with Shizuha is a little weird. “A different book promised to help me if I signed a pact. I didn’t have any other choice.”

She somehow leans back further. “That’s it?”

“That’s it.”

She leans forward. “So you signed a pact with a book and somehow, that attached you to me?”

“I guess? Kosuzu said it was a familiar pact, and I never signed any others.”

“Hm…” She returns to slouching. “What sort of book was this?”

“I don’t know. But it was purple and it sounded just like you.”

She puts her finger to her chin. “Then, perhaps it is… No, it must be that book.” She focuses on you. “I take it you know of no way to revoke the contract yourself, correct?”

“No, but I think it’s only supposed to last a week.”

The woman waves her hand dismissively. “Still too long. But I may yet get something in return for my trouble. Bring me that book, and perhaps we can work something out. You have three days.”

“…How do I get it to you?”

“Do you not know who I am?”

“I, no, not really.”

The woman coughs again, quietly.

“Then simply bring that book to the Scarlet Devil Mansion and ask for a Ms. Patchouli Knowledge.” She sighs. “That’s me, by the way. My name.”

“The… Scarlet Devil Mansion?” You hesitate. This woman is likely the source of that power that broke you free of the book’s bindings. Learning from her could save your ass. But to willingly surround yourself with youkai? “Is there any other way to…?”

“No.” She flicks a finger, and everything swirls into confusion again. After a moment of muddy colors, daylight once more pours down upon you.



A soft pair of lips press against your own. Mystia pulls back, outstretched wings folding in as her ample breasts squeeze between her arms. She fidgets, possibly seeking what to say. Now that things have moved around a bit, you catch a glimpse of a tall mirror against one wall. You slump at the reminder of ‘bitch’ written on your forehead, and the property markings on your lower belly. You glance to the rack, still confused by the white, see-through dress.

“So, what is that dress for?”

Mystia looks at it. “That? Oh, that’s your wedding dress.”

“…What does it go on top of?”

“On top of?”

“Yeah, I mean, how do I cover my, you know, my privates?”

“Hm? Oh, you mean like your breasts? You don’t, silly. I can’t have you hiding something so valuable from me at such an important moment, you know?”

“…What?”

“Besides, it’s the skirt that’s really important. Anyway.” Mystia waves her hand. “I think I’ve got another idea, if you don’t want to be my pet.”

“You can wear this,” she pulls the apron out, “and these.” She pulls out a pair of oddly angled black shoes. “They’ll take some getting used to, but you can be my pretty little maid.” She closes her eyes in thought. “But you know, I’m not quite sure how I should gag you.” She opens them back up. “Oh well, I guess I’ll just say that if you ever say anything that’s not a direct response to a question or command, or something I just don’t like, I’ll let Wriggle do whatever she wants.”

She puts the apron and shoes down, before she flashes you another apologetic smile. “I couldn’t really come up with anything else, though. Sorry.”

You glance through the closet. “Can I just wear-” a gasp breaks past your lips, knocked loose by that toy, “my, my old kimono?”

Mystia giggles. “Of course not, silly. I need some eye candy.”

“Some underwear, maybe?”

“Hm…” Mystia tilts her head to the side. “I guess we could do that. I’d still have to gag you though. And throw in a blindfold, I think.”

You slump; no matter what, she’s not letting you speak freely.

“Oh, don’t get like that. Once you’re behaving better, I’ll be happy to take it off.” She goes back to the box, then turns around. “Oh, and that also applies for the other punishments.”

You’re about to speak, when something catches your eye. The mirror’s slightly askew, and you could swear you saw something move behind it. Yet there’s no space for anything to be there. Then it’s gone. Something funny’s going on, and a small part of you dares to hope you just might have a way out.

On the other hand, if there is anything there worth checking, any attempt to use it would no doubt anger your captors. If you want to play it safe, you’ll have to just accept a punishment. Taking the ‘maid’ role gives you a chance to speak, but a single verbal misstep could land you right back under Wriggle’s full power. The other two roles are safer, but one sounds like it still leaves you completely naked, and may even hobble you, while the other straight-up blinds you, even if it does allow you to cover up a little.

You squirm, shifting your weight across the wet wood. “Then, I guess I’ll take…” 
“…The apron.” As much as you’d like to imagine that some safe haven lies behind that mirror, any attempt to reach it will almost certainly just piss Mystia off again. She’s already threatening to take your voice away, and you really don’t want to find out what she’ll take if you push her any further. Best to just accept what leaves you with the most freedom.

“Okey-dokey. Just stand up, please.”

You fold your legs underneath you and push up, your balance threatened by weary thighs.

Mystia lifts the apron’s top loop over your head to let it fall around your neck. The apron descends across your front, mercifully concealing most of your breasts and crotch, as its frills brush against your sides.

“Lift your hands, please.”

Embarrassed, but relieved to finally wear something, you lean forward, angling your hands as high as your cuffs allow.

“Your butt is sooo cute. I just want to hug it.” Mystia slides her hand across your ass, giving it a soft squeeze. Your body quakes, whether in revulsion or frustration, you can’t tell. She lifts her hand back off you. “Oh, uh, don't worry. I know you're not ready for that kind of stuff yet.”

Mystia pulls the loose strands around your waist, tying them together in what you think is a bow. You let your hands fall back against your bare ass.

“Okay, socks next.” Mystia returns to the closet and pulls out a pair of short but frilly pink socks. You lift your feet, one at a time, for her to slip them on.

“There, now you just need your shoes.” Mystia pulls out the black shoes, sets them in front of your feet, and pops the latches off. “Step in, please.”

Now confronted with them directly, a pit forms in your stomach. You’ve never worn tilted shoes before, much less ones so… extreme. Can you even walk in those?

“What… are those?”

“These? high heels, silly.”

Well, now you have their name, at least. With a light gulp, you slide your foot in one. It comes to rest at a steep angle. How are you going to walk in these things? Mystia clips the shoe shut, and you try to lift your other foot. Your body wobbles and your weight tips backward, but Mystia wraps her arms and wings around your back, then pulls you upright.

She takes a deep whiff of your apron.

Resting against her, you slip your foot in the other shoe. Slowly, Mystia lets go, folding her wings back in. You falter but hold your balance long enough for Mystia to clip that shoe shut as well. Mystia takes a few steps back toward the bed. “C’mon, this way.”

You take a step forward, swaying. Another step. By the third, you’re teetering. You take a moment to regain your balance, then take another step. Your ankle twists and sends you plummeting. Mystia rushes toward you just in time for your face to crash into her generous breasts. She rights you, then moves to stand beside you.

“Here, let me help.” She places a hand on each hip and guides you toward the bed. You almost tumble forward, but she pulls you back. She guides you around it, and slowly, your steps grow steadier. Once you’re standing between the bed and the main room, she sits down. She pats the bed next to her. You settle down next to her, and she wraps her wing around your back.

There’s still a slight trickle, moistening the bed with your unwanted lust. Your face burns at the realization, though you’re certain your captor won’t mind.

“See, that wasn’t so bad, right?”

“I… can learn to live with it, I guess.”

Mystia fidgets. “Hey, can you try calling me ‘mistress?’”

“Mistress?”

“No, no. With my name.”

“Mistress Mystia?”

Mystia smiles, then wraps her arms around your neck presses her lips against yours. Her tongue pushes through, almost choking you as she rams it in. She takes a moment to rest it atop yours a-

There’s a click, just before the door slams open and Mystia pulls back, yanking her tongue and wing back with her. Her spit trickles down your chin. Wriggle stands before you, glaring over her shoulder.

“Pain-in-the-ass preacher stopped by. Harvest goddess looking for new followers, or something. Barely managed to- why is Mystia awake?”

“Oh, Wriggle, good timing.” Mystia lets out a dramatic yawn. “You’re right. I gotta go back to sleep, so you can look after her now.” She rubs your side. “We made a little deal. She doesn’t get to speak unless spoken to, and she can’t say anything that’s not a direct response to a question or command. She also has to address us as either master or mistress.”

You look back at her, preparing to object. You open your mouth, only for her to place a finger against it. “If she breaks any of these rules, you get to do whatever you want.”

An almost lecherous smirk climbs up Wriggle’s face. She steps forward. “Is that all?”

“That’s all.” Mystia slides back into bed. “Nighty night.”

Sunlight’s still pouring in through the window. Judging by the angle, it’s about midmorning.

“Goodnight, Mystia.” Wriggle turns to you. “This way, Naoko.”

You glance back to Mystia. She nods.

Sweating, you stand up and take a shaky step forward. Wriggle plants a hand against your hip and nudges you to the door. You step through, just in time for her hand to pull back and crash against your ass, propelling you forward. You soon slip, but Wriggle catches you by the wrists and pulls you back. With a click, she unlocks a cuff and glides your free hand in front of you. Pulling the other hand to your front, she snaps your cuff back on.

She steps in front of you and pulls out that pink block again. She slides something from one end to the other and pushes a button. The toy bursts back to life.

After ages of near-constant strain, your thighs all but collapse on the spot. Before you fall, Wriggle catches you and hauls you back up. She leans in close.

“How about you fetch me a cup of water?”

“…Fine.”

Wriggle cocks an eyebrow and a lopsided grin. You realize your mistake just as she opens her mouth.

“Yes, mistress.”

She shuts her mouth, her grin smaller and softer, but still quite visible. You turn toward the table, wobbling, but not falling. A steady stream of your personal fluids trickles down your leg, staining the floor behind you. It irritates you that she all but entirely controls your need and desire, but it humiliates and infuriates you that she’s also free to force such secretions out of you.

“You know, I could watch that ass all day…”

You bite back a curse at her. Relax, just relax. Stop fighting. Stop wasting your captors’ patience. Stop giving them reasons to bind or hurt you. You reach the table, finding it largely empty. Behind, however, there’s a short counter against the wall with a few clay cups and a couple bottles. Stumbling over to it, scooting your bound hands across the table for balance, you find one bottle to be sake, while the other is unlabeled, containing a similarly clear fluid. Popping the cork, you take a whiff. No identifiable odors, so you’ll just assume it’s water.

For a moment you hesitate, fearing this may be some trick on Wriggle’s part. But a quick glance reveals no other obvious sources, and the heels have crippled your mobility. Seeing no real alternatives, you pour its contents into one of the cups. Once the cup’s mostly full, you pick it up and turn back to Wriggle. You take slow and measured steps toward her, hoping to keep your quaking thighs from breaking your already waning balance. Miraculously, you reach her without having spilled more than a few drops.

Wriggle takes the cup from you and sips at it. “Not bad, now how’d you feel about serving as my footstool this morning?”

You shake your head, too nervous to openly deny her.

She smiles. “That’s what I thought. So, how about you sweep the floor for me, so I don’t give you another intimate moment with my feet?”

“…Yes, Mistress.”

You look around, and find a broom resting against the wall by the outside door. You sway and stagger forward, almost tripping on your heels. But you reach the wall, planting your cuffed hands against it for balance. You take in a heavy breath. You can see the shape of your nipples through the apron. Quivering, you grip the broom and push it against the floor. Your thighs clench as the toy dies down again.

Half-using the broom as a walking stick, you push some dust under the door, before moving out from it. You start working on one corner, between the door and the table. You spend a few minutes in uninterrupted, peaceful labor. It’s almost blissful, just performing a simple chore without the incessant buzzing inside your pussy.

Your feet twist in their heels, but the broom keeps you steady. Then, just as you’re about to finish the space between the table and the door, the toy flares back up, beating against you and breaking your focus. You collapse into the shaky support of your broom.

“Hey, how about over here?”

You veer toward Wriggle, stumbling but pulling yourself up. Slowing down, you return to measured steps, recovering some balance. As you step next to her, she slides a finger up your leg. You stop to let her, but shiver as it picks up the sticky residue of your arousal. She pops the finger in her mouth and appears to savor your taste.

“Hey, how about you take a little break? Just a quick little rest on your girlfriend’s lap?”

“I’d really rather…”

“My lap. Now.”

Suppressing a scream, you stumble toward the table to set the broom against it. With a more careful gait, you return to Wriggle wearing a forced smile.

“How, how do you want me to sit?”

“Facing me.”

“Of, of course.” You place your hands on Wriggle’s lap as you slip one leg through the chair’s arm, then the other. You sit down, your weight resting against her knees. Wriggle fondles your ass, kneading it as she stares into your eyes. “Give me a kiss, will you?”

Shutting your eyes tight, you lean forward, puckering your lips. Wrapping her hand in your hair, she pulls you in, but merely plants a soft kiss against your lips, sparing you her tongue. The vibrator dies back down. Your mounting frustration strangles what little relief you’d otherwise have felt.

She pulls back.

Wriggle slips her hands under your apron to squeeze your breasts.

“Bet you’re getting real tired of that belt, huh?”

You bite your lip. “No, I’m fine. No, no problem. Really.” You’re panting, sweating, and moistening her legs as you speak.

A click. For one violent pulse, the toy pounds your flesh, tearing a squeal out of you. Wriggle gives you a knowing smirk. “Are you sure you couldn’t go for just a little bit of relief?”

“I’m, I’m fine. I, huh, I’m just a bit, winded.”

One hand tightens its grip, slowly squeezing and twisting. “Do you really think you should be lying to me right now?”

You look away, as her nails dig into your flesh. Your breast burns in her constricting grip.

“I… Fine. I, might, I guess, prefer to be, uh, free of it.” A strand of drool slips free of your lips.

Wriggle lets go. “There, that wasn’t so hard, right?” She gives both breasts a short squeeze, then lets go. “You can get off now.”

“Oh, uh, okay.” Planting your hands against her lap again, you slide your legs back out, soon standing before her.

“Kneel.”

Confused, you lower yourself down, until you’re resting on your shins. Wriggle steps up and stands in front of you. She pulls your head toward her crotch, all but rubbing you against her shorts.

“You remember the arrangement, right?”

“But, but I proved myself, didn’t I? So I wouldn’t have to…”

Wriggle angles your head back. “Don’t worry, I won’t force you into anything. But like I said, I’ve got some business to attend to, and…” She gives you an almost cruel smirk. With a flick of that box, her toy beats another violent pulse against your flesh. Your hips jerk as it rips a strangled moan out of you. “…Well, I’m just trying to help, is all.”

She lets out an almost compassionate sigh. “I just want to do my part to help free you from that horrible belt.” Her caring frown falters. “But… I’ve already offered you my pussy once. So…” She turns around, still gripping your scalp. Your nose grazes the seat of her shorts. “If you want to do this the simple way, you’ll be licking my ass.” She lets go, turning back around to face you. You pull your head back, looking up her shirt and her small, but visible breasts, to her glinting eyes. “If you really don’t like that idea, then I guess I could lend you my pussy, but only if you let me put something of my own on you. I’m thinking… how about a leash? A nice collar I can wrap around your pretty little neck and attach to, oh I dunno, maybe Mystia’s bed? This chair? Maybe just wherever I feel like.”

She guides you back up. “So, what do you say?”

Your lip quivers. She’s been playing with your pussy almost nonstop since you awoke. As much as the idea disgusts you, it might just be worth it to pleasure her so that you’re one step closer to finally freeing yourself from her depraved toy. If you do, the obvious choice would be to eat her ass to protect what little autonomy you have left. But could you do that? You barely made it through her torment on the bed and fared little better with her feet. Maybe it’s better to just refuse her, unless…

She never gave you a chance to bargain before, but Mystia appears to have softened her tone a little. Maybe. And she seems to like embarrassing you. If you begged her to leave you alone, you might yet win some relief without fucking her. Or she’d just egg you on, then turn you down at the end.

You swallow hard. Your skin burns and sweat coats your body. You really are going to do this, aren’t you? All for some stupid, fleeting dream of escape. You’re really going to…

“I’ll do-”

“Ah, ah, ah.” Wriggle nudges your head back. “I’m doing you a favor here, so how about you ask for it? Politely, of course.”

You bite back another curse.

“Please, mistress,” you blush, bracing yourself for what you must say next, “let me lick your ass.”

She pats your head. “Good girl.” She slides back into her chair, popping a button off her shorts and pulling the zipper down. She stops. “Say, why don’t you help me out here?” Licking her lips, she shimmies the shorts down to her knees. “The sooner you start, the sooner I finish, after all.” She pats her shorts.

Shaking, you lift your hands to her shorts and tug them down her legs. Your pulse quickens.

“You know, I’m impressed.” She slides her fingers through your hair. “Just this morning you were fighting me, yet here we are.” She hums a cheery tune. “If you keep this up, we might even get to take your cuffs off soon.”

You drop her shorts around her ankles and look back up to find her panties now stretched between her knees. You grip them and yank them down to her ankles. She lifts her feet out and sets them atop her shorts. Done.

You look back up to find a neatly trimmed but thick, dark green bush, thinning as it nears her pussy. As much as you hate what you’re about to do, you feel a tinge of relief that at least you won’t have pubic hair all over your face. Hopefully. Wriggle rubs your scalp as she stands back up. She turns around and with a snap, her black cape falls from her shoulders to join her discarded shorts and panties. She pats her bare, round ass.

“Well? Go ahead.” Wriggle leans forward on the chair, rubbing a circle on one cheek.

This is it. You swallow one last time as you plant your hands between her legs and lean in. Her ass-cheeks fill your vision once more as you approach her crevice. As she removes her hand, you veer off to kiss one of the cheeks.

You lick the cheek. The salty taste of her moist skin is hardly pleasant, but it’s no worse than her feet. You drag your tongue out in slow, lazy circles. You do this partly to delay the inevitable, but also in the hope that it’ll warm her up enough to finish the job quickly once you're inside. You lick across the crack to her other cheek, and with a few more circles, you’ve tasted about as much of her ass-cheeks as you can tolerate.

Still, encouraged by the relatively mundane taste, you plunge in, wedging your face between her cheeks. As a faint and bitter, almost floral scent drifts to your nose, the full weight of what you’re doing hits you like a hammer. With the weight of Wriggle’s ass pressing against your cheeks and your own lips poised near her asshole, you struggle to retain your nerve. You’re committed now. You must see this through. Unable to use your hands for anything more than support, you wedge yourself in a bit further and plant a kiss on her asshole. It’s not awful, but it’s weird enough to give you pause. You can’t quite bring yourself to push any deeper. Not yet.

You take a deep breath through your nose and let it out over Wriggle’s asshole. She shivers. You slide your tongue down her crack, working up the courage to taste it. As shivers run down your spine, you slide your tongue back up, tasting only skin. You lick around the edge a few times. Finally, bracing yourself, you take the plunge. You press your tongue against her asshole. It doesn’t budge. It’s clean, but that bitter taste hits you harder, almost choking you.

Wriggle hums a bouncy, bubbly tune you can’t quite recognize, as she wiggles her ass from side to side. Without her weight pinning you down, you’re forced to shift your head along with her or lose your momentum. You push your tongue against her, straining to keep up the pressure as she threatens to throw you off. For a moment, you feel the sphincter give, just slightly. Then you break through, your tongue slipping through to the interior of Wriggle’s ass.

Wriggle’s voice catches, but you almost choke on the bitterness engulfing your tongue. You keep going, but struggle to keep taking her alien flavor. You can’t give up yet. Wriggle’s already won, but you stand the thought of her smug face, should you pull out now. You slide your tongue along the edge, scared to go any deeper. You can feel small shivers crawling across Wriggle’s body as they run across her ass to vibrate against your face and your tongue.

You take a few more experimental licks, triggering new shivers each time. For once, it almost feels like you’re in control. You slide your tongue back out, eliciting a quiet whine from Wriggle. It would be fun, if you didn’t have to bury yourself in her ass for it. Taking a moment to breathe, you stare at the soft, round flesh before you. Wriggle’s ass wiggles a bit.

She speaks up. “Look, if you really want to wear that leash, you could just ask.”

Taking the hint, you lean back in. Letting a soft breath out, you press your tongue against her hole. You straighten your tongue and shove it back through her hole, forcing it down as far as it will go. Wriggle squeaks and clenches around your tongue as you force your way down her insides. Suddenly unsure of what to do next, you allow your tongue to go slack.

“W-What’s wrong? Can’t h-hoo-handle me?”

You drag your tongue back until only the tip sits inside.

“Bet you c-urk!”

You shove it back down, grinding against the walls of Wriggle’s now shaking ass. You drag it back and push it forward once more, getting a heavier quake out of her.

Something drips onto your hands. One drop, then two. It builds into a slow but steady rhythm, evidence of her desire moistening your palms. You’ll want to wash your hands, but at least you’re nearing your goal.

You pump your tongue up and down Wriggle’s asshole as hard as you can. You get her quaking, and her ass bouncing against your face, but you can’t quite seem to finish the job. You lift your hands up and rub your knuckles against Wriggle’s wet pussy. You hear her moaning now, but she’s still not cumming.

You scrape your tongue against one side as you flip your palms to cup her dripping slit, then rub one finger against her. She jerks, her ass smashing against you and jostling your tongue free. Anger blossoms, and you shove your face, with your suddenly tender nose, back into her crack. Your tongue surges through her sphincter to grind against her. Your finger slips through her folds to shove against her walls. She’s jerking and moaning. You hammer your tongue and finger against her. Then it hits. More of a screech than a scream, Wriggle’s voice rips through the air. For once, you thank the presence of her ass for dampening it.

Wriggle collapses in the seat as you haul your tongue from her ass. With a pop, her twitching asshole releases your tongue and you fall back on your own ass. For a moment you just sit there, dazed. As the fury subsides, you choose to thank whatever god might be watching that you didn’t do something stupid.

The bitter taste lingers on your tongue, as Wriggle’s juices drip from your fingers.

Still twitching, Wriggle hauls herself off the chair and sways toward you. Gripping your scalp, she presses your face against her hairy crotch. She rubs herself against you a few times, then pulls back.

“Sorry… ‘bout uh, that. But like I said, business. Can’t… can’t afford to be all wet for it, you know.” Wriggle turns around and crouches down. She picks her panties up and slides her legs through them as you slump into the hard ground.

You turn your head and spit a few times, but it does little for the taste. Relief fills your chest, as shame fills your stomach. You made it through everything without pissing anyone off or earning any new restraints, but you had to bury your face in Wriggle’s ass to do it.

A soft leather package thumps against your apron. You turn your head back to look at it, as you catch Wriggle, dressed again, standing over you. One hand holds that weird, fat-handled brush again.

“It’s from when we found you.” A tired grin creeps into her face. “You, uh, probably don’t want to let Mystia see that.” She hops down, popping the lid off her brush, and pushes your apron up to your stomach. She scribbles something on your upper thigh, before popping the lid back on and standing back up. “Just so Mystia knows to unlock you if you do, well, you know what.”

You glance down again, working through the difficulties of reading upside down, you manage to parse the message. ‘Fucked Wriggle.’

She turns and walks to the door. Struggling a bit with how close your wrists are stuck together, you peel the wallet open. The first thing you see is a flawless rendition of firm, full tits with hardened red nipples, lovingly cupped by their owner’s hands. Across from that is another image, this time of a spread pussy. You’re about to close it when you notice the side with the second picture is slightly thicker than the first. Reaching behind the picture of the pussy, you find a folded note.

Pulling it out and unfolding it, you find a message. ‘Last known sighting: forest of magic, deep.’

You press the note back inside. Great, just when you’d discarded most of your secrets. You look back to the door as a droplet of Wriggle’s arousal falls from your chin. You’re alone and no more restrained than when you arrived. If you took off your heels, you could try to sneak outside while Wriggle’s away and Mystia’s asleep. They may have prepared for this, but you might never get another chance.

Or you could try checking the mirror now that Mystia’s asleep. You can probably do it without waking her, but even if there were no risk of irritating your captors, you have no idea what you’d find. Maybe it’s nothing, maybe it’s your ticket out, or maybe it’s a trap, possibly leading to some other predator’s domain.

Or you could just surrender completely. Do whatever they want and hope they treat you better after having their way with you. Just focus on keeping them content until someone hopefully saves you. Maybe offer a prayer to some unknown god for luck. Maybe they’ll at least stop locking you in weird stuff. 
After what you put yourself through with Wriggle, you’re not wasting a chance to do something. Spitting again in one last attempt to get that taste out, you haul yourself up into a sitting position, holding the wallet in your lap. You want to hold on to it, in case it contains some further secrets or information, but as the warming summer air hits your bare back, you’re reminded that you really have nowhere to put it. You could try just holding on to it, but you’d rather not have Mystia catch you with porn of another woman. No matter how thoroughly disinterested in it you yourself are.

Either you take it with you, risking everything just to hold on to something that likely won’t even help if you make it through, or you find somewhere to hide it so that if you’re caught, you still have a chance of salvaging things. In the end, it’s not even a real choice. Pushing against the floor, you haul yourself onto your unstable feet.

Mystia’s asleep and Wriggle’s gone. You’d like to think that gives you at least a few hours to do this, but you’re not optimistic enough to count on that. You need to get in and out now, while you still have the chance. You drop the wallet and kick it into a corner. No one should notice it immediately, and without Wriggle there’s nothing clearly connecting it to you anyway.

Walking as quietly as you can in these irritating, clacky heels, you approach the door and slowly, gently, turn the handle. Nudging the door open, you find that Mystia’s once more collapsed in her bed, this time on her side, with only her wings and ruffled hair poking out from the sheets. Wobbling a bit, you scoot toward the closet. Your heels clack against the floor as the silent toy shifts inside you. At least it’s not buzzing anymore. Glancing to the side, you catch Mystia’s wings twitch slightly, but nothing else. Click, clack. After a few more steps, you’ve finally reached the closet.

Pushing the door aside, you slip in. You muscle your way through her weird dresses, gingerly stepping over her toy chest. Finally, you stand before that mirror once more, confronted again by Wriggle’s insulting graffiti. Stepping to one side, you slide the mirror askew. Rotating it to face the side wall, you find something utterly bizarre.

A door. There’s a door on the backside of this pane of polished silver. Your heart leaps as the forbidden, sensuous feeling of hope rises within you. You yearn to shove those doors open and just plunge straight in, no matter what lies beyond. But your sanity reigns and instead you simply prod at the door, finding no obvious traps or dangers.

You put only the tiniest pressure on the handle. Then a little more. Now that you’re so close, you can’t stand the thought of screwing anything up. Increasing your effort in tiny increments, you slowly, eventually get the handle all the way down and push the door forward. It swings open and you step inside.

Your foot plunges, dragging you with it. There’s nothing on the other side. Your other leg crashes against the floor and sends you careening into a pitch-black abyss.

You roll and spin through the endless shadow. All around you, in every direction save for the rapidly fading, dim light of Mystia’s closet, is oblivion. Then a new light appears and, even through your chaotic, uncontrollable tumbling, you just manage to keep track of it. Soft, pale green peeks out from behind a pair of doors opening in the distance. Then another color, this time a dim red, cuts through the shadow.

Then the door you came from closes, sealing its light. Another light appears. Not a door, but a purple sphere. Light blasts out from it in a cascade of arcane bullets. Calling on your borrowed magic, you strain to push your body away. The energy moves, shifts, and even twists within you, but nothing happens.

The light from the bullets illuminates the realm around you, revealing an endless expanse of doors in every direction, often in the process of either opening or closing.

A bullet crashes into you, searing your back and throwing you aside. Thankfully, it managed to straighten you out. No longer spinning, you see a strange, amorphous floor beneath you, which you’re descending toward. You throw every ounce of will into moving and manage to shift yourself just barely out of the next bullet’s path.

A screech rips through the air, dragging your eyes to a distant door with a faint brown-ish shape rocketing toward you. In mere moments, it resolves into the unmistakable pink hair and odd wings of your captor. Mystia Lorelei’s closing in on you. Looking forward, you find a door opening, and by straining your power, shift your trajectory just enough to fall toward it.

You crash against the floating doorstep, wounding your already sore back as you tumble through an unfamiliar stone basement. Leaping to your feet, you trip on your stilted shoes, barely catching yourself. Standing back up, you lurch around toward the door and shut it. You turn away and plant your bare back against it, just as Mystia pounds into it. One thump, then two. Looking forward, you catch a familiar face, her stark-naked body strung taut in glowing red rings.

Nue stands before you, her wings missing and her wrists hanging in the air, her body slender and lithe, save for a pair of perfectly shaped breasts. Another pair of rings forces her legs apart. Red whip marks adorn the skin of her bare breasts and a similarly red hue burns across her likewise bare pussy.

She looks away, her face flushing. She squirms, then looks back at you, giving a sheepish, apologetic grin. She opens her mouth to speak, but no sound comes out. Then you notice the red ring around her throat.

An awkward silence falls. Nue twists her arms and legs but fails to accomplish much. She nods in your direction.

You raise your voice. “What…”

Nue shakes her head, then dramatically purses her lips. You place a finger to your lips, the cuffs dragging your other hand with it as you cock your head in question. She nods. Whispering, you continue.

“Do you need my help?”

She shakes her head again, firm and controlled. She flashes a cocky grin, before returning to a more somber expression. She nods toward you again.

You point to yourself, questioning. She shakes her head. Looking behind you, there’s just the door. You point to it. She nods.

“You want me to leave?”

She nods again, emphatic.

“I… can’t.” The thumping dies down and you sink to your ass in relief. “Someone’s chasing me back there.”

She stares at you, a mix of sympathy and exasperation. She strains against her bindings a few times, whether to break free, or for effect, you can’t tell. She nods to the door again, giving you this look. Like your mother telling you to eat your vegetables, or not to go outside after dark.

You raise your hands, in what you’d intended to be a placating gesture, only to be reminded that they’re still locked together.

“Is there any other way out?”

She mimes a heavy sigh. Small, paper lanterns give off a weak glow, barely illuminating the rows of heavy barrels to each side. One such row runs behind Nue to the corner of the room. You’re in a cellar meant to store drinks rather than prisoners, but there’s only going to be one other way out.

“I’m uh, sorry for getting you caught up in all of this.”

Nue scoffs, grinning again.

“Is there anything I can…”

Footsteps sound above you. You turn to Nue, whose eyes fly wide open.

“You really think I should…”

Nue nods, a touch frantic this time.

You get up, careful to retain your balance as you rise. You take a step back from the door and turn around. Maybe she’s gone now, maybe…

The door flies open, Mystia lunging toward you. She grabs the chain between your wrists and hauls you forward, all but throwing you with her back into the abyss.

Where once there was one ball firing out barrages, there’s now several. Swarms and cascades of bullets rain down upon you. And up to you, and from your sides. Mystia presses your head into her bare breasts, and your poor pussy’s ‘belt’ against her bare thigh. She soars through the void, jerking and weaving around the torrent of light.

The flowery scent of her flesh fills your nose again, but she gives you space to breathe, at least. As she presses something thick, long, and rubbery against your hair. She rolls through one barrage and sort-of ‘leaps’ over another. After a few more ducks and dives, she halts before another pair of doors. Lurching to one side, she throws it open and hurls you through a moment later.

Once the confusion dies down, you find yourself back in the close-

Not the closet. You find yourself in a strange room. It’s made of a different, lighter wood, possibly cedar. The room’s empty, apart from a lone futon in the corner, a pair of wide golden rings propped against the wall, and a simple door across from you. There’s a thin window near the top of the wall, letting in a small band of daylight. Mystia tumbles through a moment later, shutting the door behind her.

“Finally! Back…” She looks around, apparently as confused as you are. “What the hell? This was the exact door I came in through.”

While she’s catching her bearings, you drag yourself to the side. She’s not touching you, so if she can just spend a little longer orienting herself…

Her hands slam against the ground on either side of your shoulders. Something rolls across the floor nearby.

“You. You’re never going to want me, are you?”

Really? Is now the time for this? What does she… wait. There’s a ragged edge to her breathing, and though she's no doubt still stronger than you, her limbs sag. Even her eyes flutter once or twice. She’s tired and, if you could just put her back to sleep, you should be able to get away.

Still, you need a diversion. This is not a subject you want to talk about right now.

“I… I fucked Wriggle.”

Her eyes snap to you, narrowing.

“I mean, she made me do it. Harassed me until I gave in. And uh…”

Mystia scoots up, planting her bare, moist pussy on your stomach. She places a finger against your lip. “Well then, if you’re never going to want me, I might as well follow her example. There’s no real reason to wait, is there?” She slides a hand over your breast, giving it a light squeeze. “So, are you going to pleasure your fiancé, or do I have to take a more forceful approach?”

A quiet, solemn chant echoes nearby.

You can’t fight her, but you’ve left her home. You could try calling out and pray that whoever arrives is strong enough to take her on, but not another youkai. Or, if you calm her down enough, you might just get her asleep again and try to figure out where you are before you expose your presence to every local in earshot. Of course, looking at her now, you have doubts about how ‘calm’ you can get her.

On the other hand, if you could just distract her with something, you could make a break for the void door. She liked talking about when she met you, so maybe try and get her on that again. Hopefully she'll be unable to follow you through that kind of chaos again. 
You’ve been here before, pinned down by someone dead-set on your body, and so far, only one thing’s ever pulled you out before you’d satisfied your captors.

“Help! Somebody! Please- hlph!” Gripping your head, Mystia smothers you between her heavy breasts. The flowery scent of her skin stifles you as her firm breasts crash against the sides of your head. You press your hands against the smooth skin of her stomach and twist your body in a vain attempt to free yourself from the crushing confines of her bust.

Your lungs soon burn. Straining, you push back against her grip in a vain bid for breath and speech.

“Quiet!” Mystia bites out, bunching your apron up against her crotch as she slowly retracts her hands. As you pull back, sucking precious air back into your lungs, she presses a finger against your lips. “I swear, if someone interrupts us…”

“Somebody! Anyone! Please save m- ulp!” Mystia shoves a breast through your open teeth, burying it inside your lips.

“Shut. Up.” She mashes your face against it, then rolls your mouth around her breast, rubbing her nipple in circles against your tongue. She gives you a nearly withering glare. “Do you really want to do this?” Releasing one hand from your head, she hangs two fingers before your face. Sliding them just above your mouth, she pinches your nose. You try to jerk your head away, but both hands remain firm. Your muscles strain, but she keeps your airways sealed tight.

Pulling you by the nose, she drags your mouth in a few more circles around her nipple. You hear a quiet moan as your muscles burn and your lungs quake. She looks down on you, expression softening, as your vision swims.

Your body trembles as sensations fade.

Then, suddenly, she lets go. You collapse back to the floor, quaking. You wheeze, gulping in every bit of air you can as Mystia scoots up to your breasts.

“Pleah. S- oh… ome… one…” You strain, forcing out what you can between each gasping breath.

“We could have been the most adorable couple, you know. Maybe we could’ve even ditched Wriggle.”

Mystia scoots over your bust to settle her full thighs on either side of your head. The short, pink strip of hair above her pussy looms before you. You barely exhale your dread before the inevitable happens, as her full, puffy slit presses against your lips.

“Sorry, honey. But you just keep shouting. I kind of need to keep you quiet.”

She rubs her pussy against your lips, smearing you with the steady flow of her juices. You take a breath and push your head from side to side, seeking an opening. Mystia rocks her hips, smearing up to your nose with her arousal, before sliding back down.

“Hhph. Mh.” Nothing but muffled, incoherent noises make it through her pussy.

Then Mystia swings a leg out, flipping onto her back and dragging you with her. You’re pulled onto your chest, head still buried in her crotch as she loosens her grip. She strokes your hair as you pull back, resting on the soft flesh of her thigh, panting.

Gazing past her ample breasts, you find an almost mischievous smile.

“Ready, honey?”

You give a nervous smile back. Sucking in another breath, you part your lips to speak-

Only to have them shoved back against her pussy, vice grip pressed tight against your scalp.

“Aw, c’mon. You don’t have to keep trying that, do you?”

She rubs your nose between the lips, letting out a happy sigh. You plant your hands against the floor and shove upward. Your back arches, but your head fails to budge.

Then her thighs clamp together, rubbing against your head as she drags your face across her crotch to scrape against her pussy. Her scent and taste seep into your skin as she grinds against you.

Back and forth, she rides your face and bathes you in her arousal. She soon lets out heavy, almost moaning breaths as you feel sweat bead across her thighs. You twist and strain, beyond hope of freedom, but unwilling to simply surrender to the cage of her smothering muff.

Even as the first tremors travel down her body, she slows down and eases her thighs off you.

“H-hey, Naoko. You hate th-that belt, right? Help me out so we can take it off, okay? Give me some of your lov-vely tongue, would you?”

You shake your head. Her thighs smash back against you as she shoves your head back into her flesh. Her legs squeeze around you, bearing down on your skull. For a few, defiant moments, you hold firm. Then pain flares across your cheeks and your jaw threatens to crack under their mounting pressure.

Fear overtakes frustration and your tongue slides against her pussy. The pressure eases, but your head remains locked within her legs and her grip. You lick at her moist mound, easing into the taste of her terrible lust. She’s shaking as you sweep up and down her slit. Your tongue grazes her clit, ripping a stunningly deep moan from her lips. You give a few more passes, sending her into contortions, quakes, and heaving, panting breaths, then push in. The dripping lips part around your own wet muscle and it slips with ease into her canal. You shiver, squirming at the taste as you slide deeper in, probing for her sweet spot.

She’s quaking as her sweat seeps down your nose and cheeks. You pull your tongue back and pump it in once, then twice. The third push drags an almost trilling squeal out of her and her thighs beat against you, slamming against your skull until her voice dies back down and they fall limp. Her hand falls from your hair. Now free, you pull back, wincing at the fluids dripping from your face.

You pull yourself back, sitting up. For a moment you just sit there, stunned. Is that it? Certainly, you’re not exactly bothered by the thought of finishing so soon, or not being ‘pleasured’ yourself. Even if Mystia’s left you smothered in the smell and taste of her own satisfaction. At least it’s overcome Wriggle’s taste.

Now would be the time to run or call for help again. Or do something. You look around, spotting that thing Mystia had held. A shiny, purple, double-ended cock. Something she must have decided to pick up before pursuing you through that door. You look back to Mystia’s resting form, her wings sprawled out across the ground. She stirs.

Mystia stretches, sitting up. Blearily beaming at you, she pushes herself onto her feet. Her wings droop, but her but crotch still drips in desire. She steps toward you, wobbling slightly and bringing that dripping slit closer to your face. She crouches down to your level, still beaming. She holds up a small silvery key.

“Well, Wriggle and I both came now, so I guess you don’t need that terrible belt anymore, right?”

“I, guess not?” This should be wonderful news, so why has a pit formed in your stomach?

“Good.” She pushes your apron back up and takes a minute to stare at the writing on your thigh. “Oh, that cheeky brat~” She slides the key along the side of the belt, into a contraption where the ‘buckle’ would be. “Lie down so I can take it off, okay?”

Still oddly nervous, you lie down.

With a light twist, something clicks, and the strip pulls free. Fiddling with something, she loosens the metal bands of the belt and pulls it from your crotch. As she drags it down your legs, you slide your own hands to your pussy and with one of them, reach inside to grab that damn toy. Pulling it out, you’re surprised to find the round, pink object smaller than you thought.

You throw it away as Mystia pulls the belt from your feet. You let out a sigh, finally free of at least one trouble. Mystia steps away from you.

You close your eyes, sighing again in relief. It’s over. You’re safe for now.

Mystia picks something up. Looking to your side, you find her holding that purple cock. It bends toward the ground, bouncing slightly, as she walks back to you. Standing over you, she presses one head to her pussy. Your stomach drops as the head slips through her eager slit and the shaft travels up, bit by bit. That’s why she cared so much about your belt.

Hands bound in front of you, you wiggle your back to shift away from her. She grabs one of your legs, holding the other head of her toy cock in the other. You whimper as she positions it against your pussy. She yawns but remains fixed on your crotch.

“You- you’ve gotta be tired, right?” She can’t keep going, right? “We just had sex. How about you get some rest?”

Mystia shakes her head. “C’mon, Naoko. That was just the warm-up! Now…”

“I’m here! Who needed sa… ving?”

Mystia freezes. You crane your neck to catch someone standing behind you, with black-streaked, dirty blonde hair and a rack superior to your captor’s. She steps forward, bringing her long, crimson dress close to your head, draped over a pair of white pants. There’s a wet flop when Mystia’s dildo falls to the floor. She stands straight, shoving her arms across her rigid nipples and dripping pussy.

“No one. No one needs saving, right, darling?” Mystia turns to you, hinting a threat beneath her forced cheer.

“Please, save me.” You scoot away from Mystia. Something feels off about this new woman, something that reminds you of Kogasa, Kagerou, and Wriggle. But you can’t afford to reject any would-be saviors right now.

She levels what you’d like to think is a heroic glare at Mystia. “What’d you do to her?”

Mystia lets out a soft but shrill laugh. “Me? Nothing. She’s pulling your leg. Right, Naoko? You’re not leaving me again, right?”

“She took me away and made me…” You’re shaking, but you can’t quite bring yourself to continue.

The woman kneels. “Relax, I’m here for you.” Standing back up, she steps over you. You shut your eyes just as her legs cross over your head.

“Naoko! Wait, please! I- I’m sorry, okay? We can go slower ne…”

“She’s under my protection. Leave.”

With your vision blocked by the woman’s admittedly firm back and shapely ass, you can’t tell just what Mystia sees. But she jumps at the low, feral growl the woman lets out.

For a moment, Mystia cowers. She stammers, stops, then she bolts through that strange door, slamming it behind her. The woman turns around and crouches over you. She looks over your body, visibly wincing. Then she takes a sniff, scrunching her nose.

“Don’t worry, you’re safe in our temple.” She grins, cocky and proud.

She sits down next to you. “Name’s Shou. So, there uh… anything you wanna talk about?” She gives you a worried look, before turning her head away, blushing.

“Where am I?”

“Where are… you don’t know?” Shou looks out the window, face scrunched together. “What sort of villain…” She clears her throat. “You’re in Myouren Temple, the center of Buddhism here, and a refuge for all who suffer.”

Myouren, huh? That’s… not good. Mystia and Wriggle might have been better than here. You can’t stay here. But… It’s close to the village, where that monster lurks.

“Uh, thanks for saving me,” you give the brightest smile you can offer, “but I really need to go.”

“Not yet.” She fidgets. “Wait just a bit, okay?”

You shiver, backing away from her. “How, how long?”

“Just an hour or so, ‘kay? You need to rest and stuff, I think. Then we can take you to your friends or something.”

You relax. You’re still in danger, but she’s probably not planning to jump your bones. Yet. Still, there’s something you need to know.

“You’re a youkai, right?”

She blinks, rubbing the back of her head. “I uh, guess so. But don’t worry. On my honor, the honor of this temple, and my assistant, I swear I’ll protect you ‘till you’re ready to leave.”

That’s… chivalrous, you guess? But…

“Are there any humans that could take your place?”

She droops. “No, really. You’re totally safe with me. I’m not going to eat you or anything.”

You heave out a sigh. “Yes, I know.” Well, not necessarily, but that’s a topic for another time. “But you’re going to, well…” You clear your throat. “Seriously, is there anywhere else I can rest instead?”

She looks downright offended now. “Really, we’re not all ravenous beasts, you know. But…” She closes her eyes, scrunching her brow. Opening them, she continues, “I suppose the human village is-”

“Besides there.”

She cocks her head, visibly puzzled. “I guess I could take you down to the mausoleum? I think there’s someone who could shelter you there. But really, what is your trouble?”

“I, I make youkai want to… well, do what she just did. To me, that is.”

Shou’s silent, whether she’s concerned or simply humoring you, you can’t tell.

She hasn’t attacked you yet, so maybe she’ll be more like Nue? If so, you might be able to afford sticking around for a little while, but could you possibly count on the rest of the temple showing such restraint? On the other hand, any escape route now all but promises more youkai on the way. 
For a moment, you just lie there. Between the looming dangers of Mystia and Kogasa, both escape routes hold the threat of youkai who’re already primed and waiting for the chance to fuck you. The temple, at least, should contain only youkai who’ll eventually try to rape you.

So long as that book runs free, the village is off-limits, and a return to any of the outlying farms would undoubtedly result in nothing but a repeat of last summer. Beyond that, there are a few outposts with humans powerful enough to ward off most youkai attackers. But even then, with places such as the Hakurei Shrine, there are just too many youkai who either visit or operate nearby.

Besides, as much as you’d love to have a personal one-on-one with the Hakurei Shrine Maiden herself, the thought of burdening her like that makes you sick.

Which leaves you with, having had your attempt to reach Okina collapse the moment you left the village, no option but to wait and pray someone takes care of that book soon.

In the meantime, you’re stuck in a den of soon-to-be randy youkai, with your wrists still cuffed, more than half your body naked, and nothing to protect yourself.

“Are you… feeling okay?”

You turn to Shou, who struggles to meet your gaze.

“I’m sorry, but I’ve never really…” she shrugs, more defeated than indifferent, “never really had to help someone with this sort of problem.”

“What sort of problem?”

She glances away, pressing a finger to your face and wiping a streak of fluid off. “Well, this.” She sniffs it, wrinkling her nose. “I guess I’m just trying to say that, well…” She sighs, wiping her finger on her skirt. “Well, that I’m here for you. If there’s anything you need to get off your…” she gives a brief glance to your chest, “anything you wish to say.”

“Actually…” There is something. You don’t want to talk about it, but you sure as hell need to. “About m-”

“Oh, just a second.” Shou jumps to the door, giving you a quick, embarrassed shrug. “Be right back!” She rushes through it, closing it behind her.

Damn it.

Well, at least you’re alone. For now. The futon lies, still untouched, in the corner. Near your legs lie the purple cock, still sticky with Mystia’s ‘excitement,’ as well as the belt she took off your crotch, and the pink ball you pulled out. You’d rather not have to see either of those toys again and worry they may give the locals certain ideas.

But that belt, well, it’s not like you have anything else to protect yourself.

Pulling yourself up, you slip your legs through the holes and grip it on either side of the buckle, stretching your cuffs as far apart as they’ll go. You slide it up your legs, and with a quick flip with one hand, slip it under your apron. Cold metal slides up your crack until the thick, heavy bands hover over your waist once more. You push the loose band back in, snapping the belt tight against your hips.

The chain between your wrists jingles as you tug at the belt’s edges. To your relief, it holds firm. So firm that you’re certain any attacker must be far stronger than you to break it.

Which has been at least half of the people to attack you.

Still, it might resist them too, and it’s better than nothing. Crotch guarded, you sit back down to plan. Grabbing the key Mystia used to open it, you flip it between your fingers. Idly, you angle one of your cuffs up, exposing the keyhole. You line the key against it and push, only for it to bump against the edge, incapable of sliding inside. You grumble, but you’re not shocked.

Honestly, did they even have to cuff you? What were you gonna do, scratch them? You flip the key around. The thought of forever trapping yourself in the belt worries you, but so long as you hold on to this key, your attacker could always just take it, then use it to undo your one barrier.

Flushed, you look up to find a only blank wall. The door you just came from has disappeared, leaving a featureless plane of smooth wood in its place.

Crap.

You’ll need to hold on to that key for now, and just pray you can find somewhere to hide it. Maybe you could…

The door opens. You twist around to find Shou striding back inside, her giant tits drawing your eyes as she carries a small bucket with one hand and a bottle with the other, with a small, thin brown blanket thrown over her shoulder.

“I figured you’d want to, well, get that stuff off.” She circles around in front of you, giving a faltering, awkward smile as she sets the bucket and bottle down beside her. Dropping the blanket behind her, she pulls a wet cloth out of the bucket. Giving it a squeeze, she leans forward, bringing it to your face. “Close your eyes, okay?”

“Ms. Shou, I appreciate the help, really. But you…”

“The youkai thing?”

You nod. “Even otherwise innocent youkai try to force themselves on me eventually.”

She falters. “Well, someone needs to help you clean up at least. You’ll let me do that, right?”

Nervous, you nod.

She pushes the cloth forward. You wince as the cool, plush fabric hits your cheek. She drags it across your nose to the other side, smearing sudsy water behind it. She slides it down, then toward your mouth. For a split-second, you panic, visions of black tentacles, metal rings, and your own panties filling your head. You lock your jaw, preparing to run. But it just passes over, moving up to your eyes. She swipes it across your face a few more times, then pulls back.

You open your eyes. She’s scrutinizing you, staring at your forehead.

You wince when she pushes the cloth back against it. She scrubs back and forth, pressing harder with each pass. Soon it feels like she’s trying to grind it into your skin. She pulls back, and you loosen your face from the grimace you’d adopted.

She sighs.

“It’s just not going away, huh?” She runs a finger across your forehead. “I’m sure Hijiri could get this out, be she won’t be back for awhile…”

Her breasts sway slightly, nudged by even the subtle motions of her arm.

“Seriously, I don’t think…”

“Here, take this.” She holds out the bottle, its cork already gone.

Hesitantly, you take it.

“I can’t clean her profanity off, but this should help get the taste out, right? Just take a sip.”

A part of you realizes this is a terrible idea. Accepting an unknown liquid from a youkai, given what your aura does to them. But you find it increasingly difficult to say no to such people. As if any sign of resistance will turn them into another Kagerou or Wriggle. Or another whatever-the-hell possessed Kosuzu.

You press the bottle to your lips and take a gulp.

It is refreshing, and it does do a decent job of washing Mystia’s residue down your throat.

“There, see? I’d like to say something like ‘all better now,’ but,” she glances at you, “that’d be a lie, wouldn’t it?”

You set the bottle down. “I guess so.” You sag. “But thanks. It’s… refreshing for, well, someone like you to help me, when…”

She looks toward the ceiling. “The youkai thing again?”

You look down. “It’s going to happen, you know. I can’t say how long it’ll take, but the longer you spend near me, the more likely it is take over… I think.”

“You think?”

You grumble. “Most youkai don’t attack me like that until we’ve talked or at least made eye contact a few times.” You turn to look at her. She’s looking more relaxed. Or maybe you’re feeling more relaxed? “But seriously. It’s going to happen. If you really want to help, you need to help me get out of here and take me somewhere that’s not crawling with youkai.”

She rubs the back of her head. “You know, I’m sure there are some youkai you can trust. But if you can’t go the village, where else is there to go?”

“I… I don’t know.” You sigh, defeated. It’s inevitable, isn’t it? Unless you can somehow find a haven in the village, there’s nothing that’ll prevent you from falling into the lap of another sex monster. Well, maybe if you snuck into Senkai or the Realm of the…

Back Door. That’s where you just came from, isn’t it?

God damn it.

Shou leans forward again, this time wrapping her arms around you. Her massive breasts threaten to choke you as she pulls you into a bear hug that squeezes the air from your lungs. Your skin heats up and you let out a wheeze, just before she pulls back. She pulls the blanket out and throws it across your shoulders. You realize it’s not a blanket just before she ties the threads across your collarbone. It’s a cloak. She tugs the edges, pulling them closer together to over your apron.

“It’s not perfect, but given your, uh…” she gestures at your hands, “restraints, this is the best I could do.” Your heart’s thumping. Not for love, but not from fear either. In fact, it feels a bit like that time with Nue.

She stands up, and you can’t help but watch the motion of her healthy, curvy thighs as she does so. Something’s wrong.

“Hey, I bet my assistant could get those cuffs off you. She’s really good at…” She trails off, her eyes resting on your crotch.

Then you feel it, moisture trickling out from behind your belt. Again. With nothing even forcing it out this time. You look back up at Shou, confused and flushed.

For a moment you just sit there, stunned. Then, in a flash, you clamp your hands over your crotch and lock your legs together. Your thoughts turn to a near-incoherent mush, every attempt to explain yourself or plan your next action derailed by the thought of having shown your… arousal? Having shown your lubrication to a potentially friendly, helpful stranger.

“I, uh, well, Mystia, she…” You raise your hands—forced again by those fucking cuffs to move them together—in a vague, grasping gesture. “She, uh…”

Shou gently pushes your hands back down.

“It’s okay.” She looks away. “A-anyway. I think you should stick around for now, I’m sure we can hold ourselves back for a few days, right?”

“Days?”

She winces. “It couldn’t act that fast, could it?”

You slump down. “A wolf youkai attacked me the moment we met.”

“Oh. Well, that’s…” She presses a finger to her brow. “But anywhere else would also have youkai. Look, I’ll just let everyone know that if they try to do anything weird, they answer to me, okay?”

Your skin burns, as the shivers fade.

“You sure that’ll work?”

She flushes. “It’s fine! Desire leads to suffering. To break free of samsara, you can’t go lusting after things. All that good stuff. Besides, do you even know why you effect youkai the way you do?”

You stop. “I… no, not really. If I knew, it wouldn’t be happening, would it?”

She shrugs. “Maybe. If it was some big rule of the universe, there wouldn’t be anything you could do, even if you did know, right?”

“I, guess so?”

She adopts a meditative posture. “Right. But maybe your energies or something are just acting strange. Then if you fixed them, it would stop happening, right? I could try and help you out with that, though Hijiri would be better suited for it.”

You look down at your cuffed wrists. You’d rather get these pieces of shit off, but a better understanding of your powers may be more useful in the long term.

“But I think you need something else right now.” A smile creeps up Shou’s face. Not lecherous or cruel, but silly. She holds up the bottle. “Booze!”

“…What?” Here? Now? Get drunk, surrounded by youkai? Wait, that didn't taste like achohol.

“Look, I can tell you’re not in the right place right now. Nothing’s better for what ails you than a nice, deep bottle of sake and a sympathetic ear.” She leans forward, planting a hand on your shoulder. “Trust me, once you’ve flushed out your worries and had a good rest, you’ll be thinking much clearer.”

“It’s morning.”

“Noon, actually. But if anyone deserves the go-ahead for some day-drinking, it’s you.”

You eye her, nervous. “You want to fuck me, don’t you?”

She sighs, drooping. “See? This is what I’m talking about. You need to be able to trust someone. And if you’re not in the village, that someone’s going to be a youkai.”

She… may have a point. You’re learning some things, but you’re still helpless on your own and, past the farms and village walls, humans are hard to find. Furthermore, your psyche’s taken a beating over the past several days which you’ve never really had a chance to work through. This might just be your only chance to do so without guaranteeing your partner follows up by fucking you.

But is it really worth the risk? If you need to wait, wouldn’t it be best to do so alone? You could always pray or something. 
“Maybe later. You said you had an assistant that could help with these?” You extend your arms, presenting your chained wrists.

“Oh, right. That would be more pressing for you, wouldn’t it?”

“As much as I… appreciate your offer, yes.” The thought of drinking your troubles away tempts you, but first things first. Besides, you’re still not sure she doesn’t want to fuck you. Or that she won’t once her inhibitions drop.

Shou stands up, laying her hand on your shoulder. “You’ll be alright. Trust us, we can work something out.” She looks to the side, scratching her chin. “Actually, I’ve got an idea.”

She grabs your wrist and hauls you up.

“What, what are you doing?”

“This way.” She pulls you do the door. She is… way more powerful than you. “I’m not really sure if I can solve your problems, but…” She opens the door, pulling you into a tight hallway. “I know people who’re smarter and cleverer than me. If we all put our heads together, we’ll come up with something.”

“Wait! Wait. You’re showing me to the rest of the temple?”

“Well, I’m not sure showing is the right word, but yes, I suppose so.”

“Why? Didn’t you hear anything I just said?” You tug at her arm and set your feet into the ground. But you just stumble as she drags you along.

“Well, you did say it takes time for your power to take hold.”

“I said it usually takes time! Remember the wolf youkai? She attacked me immediately!”

Shou stops and turns to you. You relax your arms.

“If you stay here too long, we’ll all fall under your spell, right?”

You look down. “I, well, I think so.”

“And if you run? What happens if you meet someone so susceptible then?”

You look away. “She has her way with me.”

Shou resumes walking, dragging you with her again. “Right, so we need to take some chances. I’m the strongest youkai here, so I’ll step in if anyone gets weird, okay?”

“…Alright.”

Reluctant, you let her lead you to an open room with six rows of low tables, each long enough for about six or eight people to eat on at a time. A series of windows line the long wall across from you. She guides you to the nearest corner and lets go.

She pauses for a moment. “I’ll have Naz here in just a moment, okay? Just scream if someone gets weird.”

“Wait, what?”

…And she jogs off down a hallway on the opposite end, and even now you can’t help but note the way her breasts bounce on the way. You need to get your mind off feminine flesh before even your moments of respite start blending into your ever-growing list of traumatic attacks.

Unsure of what to do, you sit down at the nearest table and set your hands on it, cuffs clinking against the wood.

Birds chirp as a faint touch of incense wafts through the air. You draw your wrists apart, pulling the chain taut before they’re even parallel. You strain against it for a moment, then let them fall back together. You rub your thighs against the cool metal of your chastity belt. There’s still a faint ‘itch’ tugging at you.

“I promise, okay? Don’t worry about it.”

Your head flips to the distant hallway as two women walk out of it. One wears a dark hood atop a white dress, while the other wears what you barely remember as a sailor suit, complete with a cap and shorts.

The hooded woman speaks. “You don’t understand. The implications alone could destroy everything we’ve worked for.”

The sailor bops her on the head. The hooded one opens her mouth, then sees you and stops. She coughs, and the sailor follows her gaze. The hooded one gestures at something behind her, then walks up next to you.

Frowning, she leans over. “Are you okay?”

You shrug. “I’m… fine. Just fine.”

“Yo, what happened?” You turn to find her partner already sitting, cross-legged, on the table before you.

“A pair of youkai attacked me and carried me into the forest. Shou saved me.”

The hooded woman gives her partner a significant look, then sits down. “That’s what now? The fourth youkai attack around the village?” She turns back to you. “I’m Ichirin, by the way.” She gestures toward her partner. “This here is Minamitsu.”

“It’s Murasa, and hey, we don’t know it happened there.” Murasa flicks your forehead. “Hey, did those youkai write this crap?”

“Murasa!”

You swallow. “Yes. One of them liked… well, she liked to degrade me.”

Ichirin wraps a hand around your side. “I’m so sorry.”

“It’s fine. More importantly, and please don’t take this the wrong way, but you need to avoid me.”

Ichirin pulls back. Murasa just cocks her head. “What, you sick?”

You shake your head. “No. It’s just that, well…” no use hiding it, “I make youkai horny.”

“What!”

Murasa and Ichirin clamp down their ears, while you’re forced to settle with cupping one ear, one hand hanging below it.

“What, what was that?”

Murasa waves her hand. “That’s just Kyouko, don’t worry about it.”

“O…kay.”

“But seriously, ‘make youkai horny?’ Mind explaining that one?”

You look down, setting your hands back on the table. “There’s not much to explain. Any youkai who spends time with me eventually decides she wants to have sex with me.” You shiver. “By then, they never really bother asking for consent.”

“You’re saying you meet youkai, and they try to rape you.”

You shiver, slightly. “They, they don’t just try.”

“What, they’ve actually…” Murasa cuts off, looking guilty.

“Yes.”

Ichrin speaks up. “Say, miss, how many youkai have you met, who’ve… desired you?”

“At least a dozen. Beast youkai mostly, but they weren’t alone. There were even some fairies after me.” Which would’ve creeped you out, had you been doing anything other than fighting off or running away from bigger, scarier youkai at the time.

Murasa claps. “I getcha. You think we’ll turn on ya, right?”

“Yes.”

“Well-”

“’Scuse me, coming through.” A short, gray-haired woman with big mouse-ears on her head muscles between you and Ichirin. She drops a wallet-like parcel on the table and unrolls it, revealing a series of picks. Selecting a simple, slender one, she pulls it out and motions for your wrists. Hesitant, you offer it to her, which she takes. She rolls the cuff around your wrist, angling the keyhole up.

“Name’s Nazrin.” She slides the pick down the hole. “I’ve got crap to do, so let’s get this over with.”

She slides the pick back out, pushing it to one side on the way. “Mhm, mhm.” She slides it back down, then up.

Murasa rocks from side to side. “What’s yer name and where’re you from, by the way?”

“I’m Naoko. Do you know the Hondas?”

Murasa and Ichirin look to each other, then both shrug.

“Nah. Not really.”

“Oh. Well, we work a farm a few hours south of the village.” You stop, thinking. “But the village itself is where I’ve lived the past year.”

Nazrin grabs a second pick and pushes it against the first, still inside the hole. She drags the first back out, then slides it back in, keeping the second positioned like a lever.

“That’s pretty far out isn’t it?”

Ichirin broods.

There’s a click, and your cuff pops open. You pull your wrist free as Nazrin reaches for your other cuff. You lean back, supporting your weight with your newly freed hand.

“It’s near the bamboo forest, but it’s not too close. I think.”

Ichirin perks back up. “Do you know the names of anyone who attacked you?”

“Well, the first two were Kogasa a-”

“Kogasa? Are you certain?”

“Yes.”

Ichrin quiets down. “After that, did anyone attack you in the village?”

“Yes. A, uh… a book.”

“Yo, Ichi, watcha thinkin’?”

Ichirin mutters something under her breath, before a grin bursts across her face. “Murasa, we have an explanation for the attacks. This will fix everything. We just need Ms. Honda to come with us to the v-”

“No.”

The two turn to you. With another click, the remaining handcuff falls from your wrist. Nazrin puts the picks back, rolls up their container, and takes the cuffs. “I’m done. Bye.” Before you can thank her, she walks off down the hallway Ichirin and Murasa came from.

“Why not? You said you had to go, the human village is better anyway…”

“The book’s still there. It’s why I left.”

“You left?”

“I…” You didn’t explain that, did you? “Yes, I left. That’s how Mystia caught me. Besides…”

There’s a crash. Moments later, someone sprints through the distant hallway, rushing toward you. Soon, a small woman with floppy dog ears pounds into the room. She skids to a stop near Murasa.

“You! Why’re you lying about Mystia?”

Stunned, you just stare back at this girl, broom clutched in her hand.

“You know her?”

“She’s my friend! And bandmate!”

You shrink back. “I didn’t lie! But if it helps, she might not have had a choice…”

The loud dog girl stops. “What?”

“Normally it only takes a few days, at most, for youkai to fall for me. We first met more than a year ago. The aura’s effect could’ve built to impossible strength since then.” You decide not to mention that she also tried to rape you back then. Or that by such logic you’d have swarms of youkai hunting you down by now. “Maybe it was impossible to fight.”

“Your aura?”

Murasa snorts. “Her youkai seducing aura.”

“Oh, right.” The dog girl pouts. “I still think you just don’t like Mystia. If you can super-powerfully seduce youkai, then do it on me!”

“What?” Does she have any idea what she’s even asking?

“I said do it on me. Make me rape-y.”

She’s kidding, right?

“Kyouko? Don’t you think that’d just make things worse?”

“I…” Could you do that? You’ve never tried. “I can’t. If I had any control over my aura, she never would’ve attacked me.” Either way, you sure as hell are not about to find out.

“Do you think we’re also vulnerable?”

“You are. That’s why you shouldn’t stay too close.”

“But you're not goin’ back to the village?”

“No.”

“Then what’s yer big plan?”

“I… I’m not sure. If someone takes care of the book soon, I can return to the village. But if that doesn’t happen, I’ll eventually need somewhere to go before I turn you all into… well, criminals. Do any of you know how to get to Senkai or the Realm of the Rear Door?”

“I’m heading to the village soon. I suppose I could talk to one of the hermits, but this book sounds like a more pressing concern.”

“Yeah, I’m sure we can handle whatever sexy powers you’ve got for a few hours. ’Sides, I’m kinda busy right now, but I’m sure Kyouko could help ya look around or something. Can’t promise you’ll find anything helpful, though.”

“I’m not helping ‘till she proves she wasn’t lying!”

“Oh, there you all are.” Shou walks back in. “Have they been helpful?”

“If you seek the Realm of Rear Doors, a visit to the Hakurei Shrine might be best.”

Shou sits down next to Ichirin. “Are you feeling better?”

“I am, thank you.”

“The drink’s still on offer, by the way. As is the training.”

“Hey, if you’re drinking, I’ll join ya.”

Ichirin frowns. “You said you were busy.”

“Yeah, but this is different!” Murasa turns to you. “’Sides, I know where Hijiri keeps the good stuff.” She stops. “Oh, hey, Shou. Naoko here says you had to fight Mystia off her. That true?”

“Mystia? Who was that again?”

“My friend! Someone who’d never do something like that!”

“Well, the attacker had fluffy pink hair and a night sparrow’s wings…”

Kyouko twitches. “But she didn’t actually try to rape her, right?”

Shou visibly sweats, offering a tight smile. “Well, if she didn’t, then she did a very good job of making it look like she did.”

Kyouko sulks. “Couldn’t have been Mystia. She’d never do something like that.”

You glance at Kyouko, who huffs and looks away. You’ve no idea how to adequately comfort her, given you yourself are the victim of her ‘friend,’ but you’d really rather she doesn’t fall for you while she’s still upset.

On the other hand, you still need to do something about your inability to fight off even weak youkai. And you still need a chance to rest your bruised and battered mind. 
“Miss Shou. You said you’d be willing to help train me?”

Shou blinks. “Oh, yes. Just a second.” She turns to Murasa. “Could you talk to Kyouko for a bit?”

“You kiddin’?” She looks to Shou, who shakes her head. “Urgh, fine. Come with me, kid.”

“Hey! They haven’t apologized yet!”

“Yeah, yeah. You gotta give ’em some space ’fore they’ll do that.” Murasa pushes Kyouko back toward the distant hallway.

“Come on, this way.” Shou moves down to a nearby doorway.

Getting up, you walk after her. Ichirin gives you a slight bow before she goes back down the hall you came from, followed by a thick, pink mist. Shou takes you to another doorway, in between the other two. She guides you through a couple corridors, plain and empty, save the occasional door. After a few more turns you find yourself stepping into smooth, soft grass. There’s no roads nearby as far as you can see, so this can’t be the front entrance.

She sits down against the wall of the temple. “What do you know?”

You glance around. Despite the warmth of the air, you can’t help but shiver as it blows through your cloak, to the otherwise bare skin beneath. Maybe you should’ve made a point to get properly dressed first, but really, does it even matter? Even this’ll be ripped off at any moment, anyway. At least it hides most of your body.

“There’s this power inside me, and I can move it around. But I can’t get it to do anything.”

Shou nods, somehow a bit too solemn. “Then we should start with the basics.” Her face splits into a grin halfway between confidant and goofy. “Now, take a deep breath and let it out, okay?”

You breathe in and out, once. Thoughts float, unbidden, to the surface, of the legs, breasts, and asses that choked your lungs. You wheeze.

“It’s okay. Just clear your thoughts and try again.”

You close your eyes, shutting the thoughts out as you take in another breath. Wings and antennae swim through your head. In, out. In, out. A purple umbrella. In, out. Slowly, the images bleed away entirely.

“Good, good. Now, you can feel your energy, correct?”

You nod, eyes still shut as you fight to keep your mind clear.

“Great. Now, this isn’t really how summoning bullets works, but I hear it makes it easier for beginners. What I want you to do is gather that energy into your shoulder.”

Shoulder? Well, it’s not like you’ve anything to lose. Concentrating, you focus on the vitality inside you and drag it up and to one side. Without something to smash it against, it’s a bit like pulling at a thick soup. And yet you manage to gather a decent amount.

“Ready?”

You nod.

“Good. Now, pull that arm back like you’re going to punch someone.”

You pull it back.

“Now, throw that power down your arm and punch!”

You punch forward, hurling the energy down and out. You open your eyes as the punch finishes, releasing nothing more than a light, pink dust. Shou’s nowhere to be seen.

You turn rigid as a hand slides along your shoulder.

“Excellent effort, but let me help you out a bit. Kneel down just a tad, okay?”

Still stiff, you lower your knees into a not-quite squat.

“Good. Now,” she nudges your spare arm slightly, then adjusts your hand, “when you fling your power out, I want you to imagine you’re firing an arrow, okay?”

You nod.

“Alright, go.”

You gather the energy back, then punch. A small, glowing pink heart floats away from your fist.

Your face burns. You’ve finally fired out a bullet, and it just has to remind you of the very thing you’re trying to escape.

“Oh. Wow. That was… fast. It’s as if you’ve been practicing.” She doesn’t mention its shape or color.

“…Is that it?” You force a slight cheer to your voice. Moping can wait ’till you’re in fighting shape. Besides, this does give you the beginnings of a chance to fight back.

“I’m afraid one bullet won’t be enough, even for a fairy, but just getting here’s the hardest part. Are you certain you’ve never practiced before?”

“Well, it’s complicated.”

“Oh?” Shou steps around you, and returns to the wall, sitting down. “Then keep practicing. If you keep firing those off, you can start building a pattern.”

Well, nothing for it. You throw another punch, flinging out a misshapen heart. You throw another, and another. You start alternating hands. At first about every other heart either comes out weak and misshapen, but soon, most punches throw out proper, heart-shaped bullets.

“Do I need to keep punching?”

“Hm? Oh, no. That’s just ’cause humans have trouble thinking the right way. Once you get the hang of it you can stop using your body completely.”

You throw a sort-of half punch. It flings out a proper heart, but it flies slower. After the next few half-punches, you get their flight speed to about what you got from the full throw.

“So, Naoko, what’d you mean by complicated?”

“Do you remember the book?”

“The one that attacked you?”

“Yes. Before it lost, it wrapped me in these horrible magic rings. I used my power to get out.” That and a familiar contract you’d rather not get into right now. And… Shizuha. You really hope she’s okay.

“Hm… Ah! Look out!”

Something twinkles in the sky. You leap to the side just as a giant, shimmering blue anchor crashes beside you.

“Ho, ho, ho. Lady Naoko! I challenge ya to a duel. Defeat me, or I’ll claim yer booty for myself.”

“Murasa, weren’t you busy?”

What? You look to Shou, who shares a look with the green spectre atop the anchor, then gives you a shrug.

No. No, no, no. There’s no way you could win.

“I refuse!”

The anchor shimmers away, and the figure vanishes with it.

A light but calloused hand pats your ass. You leap forward, spinning around to find Murasa standing before you. You glance to where the anchor was, then back to her. She turns green and disappears again, just before one hand grips your shoulder as another slides down your back.

“Are ya sure ya wanna do that? Just surrender yer body to me?”

Shou lets out a low growl. “Murasa…”

You sigh, defeated. “What difference does it make?”

Murasa shoves you forward. You turn around again, almost tripping, to catch a fierce stare from her.

“It ain’t gonna be any worse if ya try an’ fail, so quit bellyachin’ and fight me.”

You just stand there for a moment, perplexed. None of your attackers acted like this. And why isn’t Shou doing anything? Didn’t she promise to protect you? Has she already given in? Is she planning to use your body once Murasa’s done?

So that’s it, then. You’ve barely even met them, and they’re already pulling this shit. No matter what you do, you’ll play into their hands.

So, fuck it.

You throw a hard punch, shooting out three hearts in a trident pattern, the center one aimed directly at Murasa. They zip forward, but she just sidesteps between them, breaking out in a grin. In a split-second, a giant wave of greenish-blue bullets form and fire toward you.

You duck, dropping low to the ground. The bullets whiz past your head, as you fire off two more three-heart barrages. The crappy angle has them miss without Murasa even moving. You step up, just in time to catch another giant anchor sailing toward you.

You leap to the side as Murasa vanishes. You whirl around and fire a trio of bullets at the green specter appearing behind you. They sail straight through.

You jog backward, firing more hearts out. One connects, staggering her.

“Heh, got one in.” She grunts, audibly winded. All that from a single bullet? You fire off another volley, which she dodges. You build up your power and unleash a stream of bullet after bullet, aimed directly at her.

She glides to one side, dodging your bullets as she conjures another anchor. She spins it around herself, accelerating as she goes. You’re still jogging when she flings it out, low to the ground.

On gut instinct, you plant your feet and leap directly upward. You clear the anchor, but only then do you realize you’ll crash into it before it passes. You shut your eyes and flail your arms as you gather what energy you can to just try to hold yourself aloft for a single, precious second or two.

For one single instant, your mind turns to the inevitable moment when you lose and Murasa claims her prize. Then to all the youkai who’ve done that before. From the furry thighs against your cheeks and the fluids they forced down your throat, to the tongues and toys they shoved inside you.

In one last, desperate effort, you take your power and push.

Panic surges as your foot grazes the energy of the phantom anchor, but you stop. You open your eyes as the anchor sinks behind you and disappears. Into the ground you’re no longer standing on.

“Naoko, you did it! You’re flying!”

You whirl on Shou, your focus cracking.

“Yeah, but ya still gotta beat me, kid. Or I’ll, uh, touch your pussy!”

You fall to the ground and, barely holding yourself together, you gather your power together.

“Murasa, do you really have to keep playing that character?”

Maybe you can still pull this back. Still save what little’s left of your purity. You fire everything you have at Murasa in a single blast. Murasa doesn’t even try to dodge as a pink, heart-shaped beam erupts from you.

It slams into her, eliciting an ear-shattering scream.

Shou looks to her, horrified, until the scream turns to something that horrifies you. Ecstasy.

You stagger backward as energy drains from your body. What have you done? You fall to your ass, still scooting back. Murasa collapses as well, crying out in pure satisfaction.

“W-what happened?” Your voice trembles.

Shou looks between you and Murasa, more confused than upset. “She- I don’t know.”

“Ya gotta learn this,” she moans, shaking, “this stuff the right way.”

Shou huffs. “We were doing it right!”

“No, ya weren’t.” She pants. “It’s all about,” she gulps, “all about…”

Shou looks away as Murasa passes out, still shivering.

Exhausted, you collapse back to the grass.



The first thing you feel is a pair of soft lips, pressed against your own. Someone’s knee presses into your crotch, as her heavy breasts press against your more moderate bust, grinding you into the coarse bark behind you. Soft, fluffy tufts of hair graze your cheeks as your eyes finally open.

A thick canopy hides her features from the full moon’s pale light until she pulls back, licking her lips. Pink hair, fluffy ears, and those odd wings. Mystia. Glancing around, you find a break in the trees nearby. You know that fence, and you know that growing barley field. Mystia wraps an arm around your back.

She gives you a pitiful frown. “You don’t seem very happy to see me.”

“Well, I’ve just been thinking. There’s this other fantasy I have.” You’ve been here. “But I’m sure you’d hate me if you heard about it.” She wouldn’t – they never do. But it makes a decent excuse.

“How could I hate you, silly? Just spill, I’m sure we could work it out.”

This was always the challenge, back then. You needed something suitably exotic to justify your trepidation, but not too weird in case this youkai finally got you.

“Well, I always wondered what it’d be like to have a cute girl lick chocolate off my naked body.”

Details were important. You didn’t need to know what you were saying–you only learned what chocolate was months later–but it had to sound lewd enough to distract them, to get them all hot and bothered, and forget to ‘secure’ you in some way.

“Well, now that you mention it, that sounds great! I’ll get us some chocolate right now.”

Her knee leaves your crotch as she jumps backward. With one hard flap, she rockets through the canopy and into the air. You wait a few moments to make certain she can’t see you. Then, satisfied, you jog back into the open field. You need to get back inside before more youkai find you. And before Mystia returns. It’s only when you start pushing through the barley that you remember why this is so familiar.

You’re back home, on the last night of terror. The night when she came.

The night when she… when…

Who was she? What was she? Was it a she?

Yes. You still remember that girly laugh. Light, careless, and a touch childish, but undoubtedly feminine. The underlying voice was plenty matured, but the way she laughed was just so…

Your obi loosens on the way back.

Which was the first thing to go wrong, though you didn’t realize it until… just now. Huh.

This was your second escape from Mystia, which itself had been one of the key reasons you fled to the village; old attackers had started appearing alongside the new ones each night, more determined each time. Mercifully, this mystery woman was the last youkai to attack you this night.

You move forward, feeling that growing, amorphous dread. Something you realize must have come, at least in part, from the way your kimono now flows to your sides, exposing your legs and belly.

The cool night air brushes past your bare skin. You stop at the house wall, resting your back against it and wrapping your arms around yourself, beneath your breasts. Here was when you first decided something was, in fact, wrong. Which may have had something to do with the bra sliding up to your neck, your breasts popping free.

Whoever attacked you had the power to screw with your head. And she’s here, somewhere, watching you. You throw your gaze left and right, finding nothing but quiet, darkened fields and distant trees.

Your kimono slips off your shoulders, catching on your clenched arms.

Where the hell is she?

You rub your arms as goosebumps build across your skin. It’s funny, back in the village, you often wondered just why you ever found her so uniquely terrifying, and yet you thanked your stars every day that no matter how difficult everything got, at least you knew she wouldn’t be there.

Now, you worry your celebrations may have been… premature.

You stand back up, walking alongside the wall. Your arms fall to your sides, letting your kimono fall right off.

Is she a puppet master of some kind? A hypnotist?

With each passing moment, you grow more tense, yet mixed in there’s a strange sense of nearly detached curiosity. Just who is it that’s done all this to you?

You catch the back door passing by the edge of your vision. You hadn’t even been trying to get back inside. Now the fear’s building in earnest. Even though you know what happens here, you’re starting to realize just how hopelessly, pathetically outmatched you were. Had it not been for Ayame, there’s not the slightest question as to how this night would’ve ended.

But what’s worse is what happens when this vision ends. She could be out there, right now. She could show up and take you away without even you yourself noticing.

You shiver, teeth chattering.

Your panties slip down, falling to your ankles. Your next step trips on them and you lurch forward, barely catching yourself. But rather than notice the obvious and try to put them back, you just pull one leg out and continue, dragging them behind you.

You circle around to the front when you start to feel an ‘itch’ between your legs. A soft-spoken but insistent request to rub your pussy. You clench your hands, holding them tight by your bare thighs. Last time, your hands had wandered long before you gave even the slightest thought.

You stand still as desire throbs and your body shakes. Heat pools and burns in your belly as your breath degrades into ragged, panting heaves. And yet you hold firm, even as your hands wrap around your…

You give one breast a light squeeze, almost choking on the searing pleasure that single act forces upon you. In the confusion of that blinding bliss, your spare palm scrapes against your pussy.

“Uh, lady, do you want some help?”

Your eyes jerk forward. That’s her. Moisture trickles down your hand as you scan the open fields. Where is she?

A finger pokes the breast you’re not already groping. It pokes again.

“So soft…”

You still see nothing, even as the hand moves to grasp your tit. It squeezes once, then twice. You’re shuddering, but still standing. Barely. Another hand bats yours off your own breast as she grabs both, hefting.

She rolls your breasts around, then bounces them. Gritting your teeth, you force your slick hand from your slit to grab at her wrists. Despite the growing haze, and a few failed guesses, you find and latch onto them. She doesn’t even slightly resist you, yet it takes every fiber of your being to shove her hands away, even for a moment.

And she just flicks her wrists, breaking your focus and knocking your hands to the side. She wraps her arms around you, burying her head in your naked bust. Your hands return, sliding up and down her back. Her still-clothed back.

That’s a good thing, right?

She steps back, looking up at you. At least, you get the impression that’s what she’s doing. She lays her hands on your shoulders, nudging you down. You drop to your knees, bringing your face almost level with hers. She leans in, wrapping her fingers in your hair and you already know where this is going.

Her lips brush against yours, strangely hesitant.

Then her head all but crushes yours against the wall behind you as her lips mash against you and her breath almost smothers your nose.

Crickets chirp, crops rustle, and the back door still creaks, as this girl’s lips slowly suffocate you. This, this you remember.

Her whole face seemingly tries to grind your head into the wall as her face wiggles just slightly. You fight against her, struggling just to remain upright under the sheer weight of her might. Your eyes flutter.

In retrospect, it’s a small mercy she never brought her tongue into play, so at least you need not worry about choking on it. But it’s a cold comfort as your very jaw threatens to buckle beneath her and your breaths come in ever shrinking, ever more desperate, wheezing pulls.

Your muscles quake, moments before your strength fails entirely, and your body falls limp in her arms. The hands buried in your hair keep you upright as she finally pulls back. She lets go, your ass crashing into your heels as your head bangs against the wall, jarring your body back to action.

You sit there a moment, dazed and coughing. Your lungs rattle, forcing precious air back through your body as she stands over you. You can’t tell whether it’s the headache or her weird mind powers, but you can’t make out more than vague colors. There’s a black splotch somewhere around where her head’s supposed to be. Below that she’s yellow, then green. Then a pair of hazy pale lines, which might be her legs.

She leans over. “Are you okay?”

You wheeze. Your air’s coming back, and she’s losing one of her biggest tricks. Just keep her relaxed, and…

The dark splotch drops near your chest.

“Hey, lady. What’s your name?”

“Naoko,” you take a breath, “Naoko Honda.”

“Good to meet you then, Naoko’s tits.”

She wraps her lips around your breast, flicking the nipple. Your hands jump to your mouth, fighting down a hungry moan. Your body begs for a release you that can’t bear to let your family hear.

Distantly, you realize that letting them hear this would be your best chance of escape, but the fear and shame overwhelm your waning sense.

Her tongue stills as she clamps her lips down, sucking on your nipple. You’re sweating and shaking, your hands struggling to maintain their hold over your lips. Then a hand wanders over your mound, giving only the slightest, gentlest rub across it. You choke back a scream as her bare, token ministrations push you ever closer to release.

Your vision and hearing fade out, lost in the burning haze as your breath hitches and your body heaves. Light, gentle fingers ghost over your pussy, barely touching the mound as she sucks from your breast.

It’s enough to drive you insane.

Then her lips break free. You let out a hissing gasp when her hand bumps against your clit. She scrambles away from you. You let out a groan, the haze clearing as you drop, frustrated, from the edge. The blurs and blotches that make up your captor twist and fret.

Still shivering, you pull yourself back to your feet. You shuffle along the wall, moving your weakened knees as fast as they’ll take you. Fluid trickles down your leg, already leaving a long, sticky trail down one side.

“Wait!”

Her arms wrap around your waist, pressing you to her humble bust.

“Don’t go. Please.”

Is she scared?

You strain and squirm, but you already know where this sort of fight leads. You take a deep breath, preparing to scream.

It comes out in a quiet, whispered cry.

You try again, and once more you merely whisper.

“Naoko!” Your captor flinches. “Naoko, where are you?”

Ayame’s here. You’re saved. Your captor turns around, and you find Ayame walking toward you, smooth black hair flowing out behind her dark, reddish nightdress. A smile bursts across her face and she runs to you.

She wraps her arms around you, burying her face in your shoulder.

“There you are. You’re okay.” She pulls back, looking down your body. “Um, sister? Why are you naked?”

Your captor speaks up. “’Cause she’s been stripping.”

“What… Naoko, who did this to you?”

“It’s not, I didn’t…” She did it. The youkai latched to your back made you do it. So why can’t you just tell her? Why can’t you tell your own sister what this girl did?

Ayame looks away, fidgeting. “It’s okay. We’ll figure it out later.” She looks back. “Anyway, let’s go inside, okay?”

“Nu-uh!”

Ayame turns to look over your shoulder, apparently noticing your captor for the first time. Her eyes harden.

“You’re trying to take her away, aren’t you?”

“Not my fault. She wants to be taken away, don’t you, Naoko?”

You open your mouth to answer, but your tongue sticks to the bottom of it. You let out a few broken, incoherent sounds, but can’t bring yourself to state even something this obvious.

Instead, you shake your head, imperceptibly.

The girl retains her grip around your stomach, and Ayame stares at you, waiting for the obvious answer. Just a simple word, or a simple, visible shake, and you’re free.
But you can’t do it.

No matter what, you just can’t tell her ‘no.’

“Uh, hey. Naoko’s friend.”

“I’m Ayame, her sister.”

“Cool. Wanna fuck her?”

“Excuse me?”

Oh, thank goodness. This youkai’s done your work for you.

A pair of fingers slides between your lips, clamping around your tongue and dragging it back out. Keeping your tongue pinched between her fingers, she continues.

“I bet this would feel really good inside you.”

Ayame steps back a pace, stunned. For a moment, she just stares at you. Or your captor; it’s hard to tell. The she raises her gaze to the moon, planting a hand on her chin, as if she’s…

As if she’s considering it.

“No, I couldn’t. It’d be too wrong. Sick, even.” She twists her shoulders from side to side. “I really shouldn’t…”

Oh no. Oh dear stars and harvests, NO.

You part your lips to tell her off for even considering it, but nothing comes out beyond a quiet mumble, muffled by the fingers still gripping your tongue. This never happened. Despite all the fuzzy uncertainties, you’re goddamn certain your elder sister never considered such a revolting idea.

“Well, okay.”

You shiver, goosebumps cascading across your skin. You feel so cold. Why? How could she? How…

“But,” Ayame looks directly at you. “I'll be the one to pleasure her. I'm certain you could accept that, right, sister?”

“No!” Your captor squeezes you just below your breasts. “I get her pussy.”

Ayame steps forward again, her breasts not quite pressed to your face. She stares across your shoulder. “I guess we’ll need to work something out then.”

Your captor lets go, bumping you into your sister’s rack. She takes a step back. You see the road not too far away. If you could…

No. No time to think. You duck between your captors and leap toward the road.

Then choke on a leather collar, fixed around your neck, and crash back to the ground between them. Looking up, you find the youkai holding your leash.

“Hey, Naoko, you’re fine with pleasuring your sister, right? I mean, I know you just licked someone else’s pussy, but you can do it again, right?”

…What? No. No you didn’t. The first time you had outright sex with anyone was a year later. Why on earth is she…

“We do have a few toys, you know. She wouldn’t have to lick anyone’s privates.”

Just hearing those words from your own sister makes you want to vomit. You’re certain your proud elder sister’s still hiding somewhere in there. If you could just bring it back out, you’re certain she’d save you. But then, if you fail, she’s still fucking you. If you gave yourself up to the youkai, you’re certain you could at least convince her to ditch Ayame. It’d be certain rape, but no incest, at least.

Alternatively, this is still a dream or something. If you could just focus hard enough, you might wake from it before anything more disgusting happens. Of course, staying focused while a strange youkai and your own sister try to fuck you could prove to be beyond your abilities. 
No, calm down. Just calm down. You know you’re dreaming, you just need to break out. Just think about…

“Anyway, my sister’s pleasure comes first.” Ayame leans down, offering you her hand. Distracted, you accept it, letting her haul you back up. Spinning you around, she faces you back toward the youkai. Then she plants her hands beneath your breasts, not quite cupping them. “If you’re going to touch her, you will make her feel loved.”

The youkai leans down, looking back up to you, quizzical.

Is this… is that how your aura affects your sister? Or how she justifies it?

No. No, this is just a dream. Just a nightmare. Ayame’s not like this. She’d never do any of this. It doesn’t matter that you feel her breath on your neck, or the gentle movement of her chest behind you. None of this is real.

“Uh, hey, Ayame…” You force an awkward chuckle.

“Hm?”

“I appreciate your thoughts, really. But maybe I’ll enjoy it most if uh… well, I’m sure the youkai can take care of me just fine on her own, right?”

You haven’t given up on ditching Ayame yet. Besides, there’s not much that makes your genitals drier than the thought of fucking your sister.

The youkai spins around. “Oh, I dunno… I bet she knows your body super well.”

Ayame slides a hand down, rubbing circles across your stomach. “I agree. Besides, if she’s going to touch you like that, she’s going to do it right.”

“No, no. Seriously. Ayame, I-”

“Naoko.” Her voice drops, adopting a tone of stern disappointment. You swallow, but don’t respond. “I will make you feel good.”

You gulp. “Okay.” You know what that voice means, and you’re not in any position to fight her right now. Still, if you’re going to wake up, you need a chance to focus. “But could you let me be the one to pleasure you, then?”

“Hey, hey. Ayame, how ‘bout you just take her butt?”

Ayame hums, a touch of curiosity in her voice. Her hand slides up your breast, flicking your nipple. “I appreciate your thoughts, Naoko. Really, I do. But like I said, what matters is your pleasure, not mine.” The hand on your belly slides to your ass.

“Please? Ayame, I really want to do this.” Utter bullshit, but this nightmare won’t end itself, and every bit of ‘pleasure’ will just make it that much harder to escape.

The hand on your belly slides to your ass, giving it a gentle pat. “I’ll let you do whatever you want. After you cum. Now be a good girl, okay?”

“Please?”

“No.”

Tingling revulsion crawls up and down your body at her caresses. You’re going nowhere with this.

You shut your eyes and recall the grass and energy bullets you left.

Her hand glides up your back, rubbing your side. “Now, as to your offer, youkai… I’ll think about it. But first, I have a sister in desperate need of some love.”

Focus. Training with Shou. Punching, then bullets. Grass, open air, and that hand along your…

The hand slides back down your hip.

The anchor. Terrifying blue anchor. All those bullets. C’mon. Come. On!

She twists your head to the side. Smooth, wet lips push against yours, loving and tender.

The bullets and anchors melt away and, reluctantly, your eyes flutter open.

Ayame pulls back, giving her lips a single, delicate lick.

Your throat trembles. You want to say something. Anything. Just make her stop touching you.

She moves back in, gently kissing you once more. Your body goes rigid. Her lips slide to one side, then the other, as her hands slide along your back. Keeping one hand pressed to your cheek, she rubs up and down your stomach.

Then her lips part.

Her tongue slides out, slipping inside your mouth. It pokes against your tongue, playful. You recoil back, folding your tongue against your throat, but she inches forward.

You feel the youkai’s hot breath on your pussy, breathing it in like some gourmet dish.

Ayame’s hand wraps around your breast, giving it a single, light squeeze as the youkai smashes her face against your crotch, pressing you between her enthusiastic lips and your sister’s firm body.

Ayame’s tongue retracts and she pulls back just slightly.

“You trust me, right, sis?”

You look into her eyes. They’re gentle and supportive.

“I trusted you not to do this.” This isn’t her. This can’t be her.

Ayame winces. “It’s okay.” She massages your butt. “We’ll make you feel great. Right, youkai?”

The youkai gives your pussy a single, short lick. No, you can’t do this.

You grab Ayame’s hands, pulling them off your ass. You shove them away, then reach forward to pull the youkai away, only for your wrists to catch on your back. Her tongue slides up and down your slit as a pair of metal cuffs dig into your back, held together by…

A short chain between your wrists. As the youkai slobbers over the outer folds of your pussy, you strain your neck over your back, finding a familiar pair of handcuffs binding your hands together. You turn back to Ayame, who smiles an apology.

You twist once, straining against the iron bands, then slump. It’s over.

Ayame rubs your shoulder. “There, that’s more like it.” She leans over your shoulder, smiling at you. You wince when she puckers her lips, shuddering at the incoming violation.

She leaves a single, light kiss on your forehead. She gives you a warm smile, sliding her hands down to your breasts. “You know, I always thought you were my cutest sister. Even these adorable little nipples and the pillow-soft breasts beneath them.”

Your skin crawls as her hands slide along their edges. You jerk as the youkai’s tongue slips inside you.

“Besides, I always wanted…” Ayame pulls back. You focus on the black blur slurping your pussy.

She says nothing. The youkai’s tongue glides against your walls, tasting more than pushing. You twitch, light beads of sweat dripping down your skin. She grips both sides of your ass, squeezing as her tongue pushes deeper.

“I always wanted…” You can hear hesitation in her voice.

“To surprise you!” Kogasa shouts into your ear. You lurch, held in place by the youkai’s grip. A familiar face skips into view. Messy light blue hair atop the beaming face of a naked tsukogami, her nipples rigid and her pussy already dripping.

You open your mouth to scream, only to have a wad of linen shoved inside, soaked in Mystia’s juices. Before you can think, she’s dancing around you, wrapping a painfully tight cloth around your mouth. You strain against your cuffs once more, until she stops behind you and ties the cloth off in a bow.

“Whu. Mgh.” Your jaw barely budges against the fabric packed tight behind your teeth.

The youkai’s tongue leaves your crotch as she pulls back, standing up. She’s covered in brown fur and a matching head of long, wild hair and fuzzy ears. Kagerou stands before you, an imperial gaze atop her similarly naked body.

You step back, bumping into Kogasa’s heavy breasts.

Kagerou grips your shoulders and spins you around to Kogasa. Kogasa waves, planting a quick kiss on your gag. You squeak as Kagerou shoves you forward, holding your thighs. You crash into Kogasa’s bust, head buried between her heaving breasts. Groaning against a growing ache in your head, you look back up to Kogasa. She smiles back down on you.

Then, still grinning, a shiny, rubber shaft slips out between her lips.

Mystia’s dildo.

You feel the head of another, throbbing shaft against your ass. Kagerou grips your thighs, nails digging into your flesh, as she hoists you onto her cock. Your pussy slides atop it as she presses your thighs down against her rod, rubbing it between them.

You twist and squirm, more as a formality than anything else.

Kogasa wraps her arms around you, squeezing your body against hers, as she plants her lips against the fabric over your mouth. For a few moments, as Kagerou’s fat cock grinds against your thighs, Kogasa savors your warmth.

At least the juices trickling down your throat provide one benefit: She can’t fuck you like this. Kogasa pulls back.

Then the fabric bunched inside your mouth evaporates, leaving behind a smooth, steel ring. Held in place by metal brackets, attaching it to a strap around your head.

Kagerou pulls back, easing your pussy off her cock. You breathe a sigh of relief through your locked-open jaw, until she presses the head of the shaft to your slit.

You look to Kogasa, wide-eyed and twisting in Kagerou’s arms. Tears break out as she shoves her cock inside, crashing through you. Pain bursts and flares through your crotch as she forces you wide open.

Kogasa presses her lips to yours, openly savoring the taste. Then that rubber shaft pushes in, barely fitting through the ring as it presses your tongue down.

Kagerou pulls back, filling you with relief as she slides out. Only for her to thrust back in, slamming you against Kogasa’s face and impaling your throat on her dildo. You fight back the urge to gag on Kogasa’s shaft as Kagerou stuffs you.

You cough, slightly.

Kagerou slides back out, slow, and steady, until only the head remains inside. Her hair falls across your back as she leans over you. Her breasts rest against you, pinning you as she grabs your bust, kneading your breasts.

“What do you think, Kogasa? Is she ready?”

“Hm…” Kogasa’s rubber cock pops free of your lips. She runs a hand through your scalp, playing with your hair as she pulls your head to one side. The dildo disappears behind her lips. “I dunno…”

Kagerou hums. “Well, I guess I’ll just ask her then.” Her breath blows across your ear. “What do you think, Naoko? Just say ‘no’ if you want us to stop.”

Quiet and shivering, you shake your head. “Hwo. Hwo, hwo.” You utter, desperate to get the word around your gag.

Kagerou chuckles. “Oh? No objections, then?”

“I didn’t hear any!” Kogasa slams her lips against yours, burying her dildo back down your throat.

Even as you fight back another gag, you muster barely more than light disappointment. Kagerou’s hair falls away as she returns her hands to your thighs. She slams your ass against her crotch, almost bouncing your head off Kogasa’s as she impales you again on her cock. You groan in pain, only for Kogasa to force your lips back down her own shaft, filling your mouth as your pussy squeezes down on Kagerou’s retreating cock.

Kagerou slams you back onto her cock, then Kogasa stuffs hers back down your throat. Kagerou’s rock-hard shaft starts pounding you, bouncing your gagged lips up and down Kogasa’s dildo. Spittle flies, bouncing across her face as a fluid starts to leak from Kagerou’s cock.

Heat bubbles away inside you, clouded by confusion and fear. What happens now? How long will the nightmare continue? How long have you been out? What will you come to when you wake?

You lose focus as Kogasa’s shaft hits your throat. Unable to hold it back, you gag, choking and heaving on her rubber cock as Kagerou keeps pumping. You grow dizzy and everything fades to back.



You wake upon the dried leaves and loose twigs of a forest clearing, sun shining overhead. You twist, finding your wrists still locked behind you. Mystia’s taste lingers at the corners of your lips, while both your head and crotch still ache. But you’re awake.

Stirring, you drag yourself up, resting your bare back against the smooth bark of a nearby tree. The sun burns your tender, wincing eyes as you scan the surroundings. It’s either the clearing where you suffered your first violation, or the one where you dreamed of your mother. Possibly both. You flinch at the birdsong overhead, reminding you of your former fiancé.

You take a deep breath of the gentle spring air, unconcerned by the light breeze across your bare breasts. You hear leaves rustle as someone sits next to you.

“I’m uh… sorry. I guess.”

You know that voice. Turning, you find a distinctive black, brimmed hat atop a short but unruly head of pale green hair. Hugging her nearly garish orange sleeves around a lime-colored skirt, Koishi lets out a sad sigh. Even that weird, blue eye thing droops, hanging from the cords that connect to her body.

“I just get like that sometimes. I do things, but people don’t always like them. Sometimes they really hate what I do.” She sniffles. “But I just can’t tell until I do it.”

You look away, rubbing the small of your back. What the hell are you supposed to say? ‘It’s okay’? Your pussy still aches from her oversized…

Why does it still ache? Wasn’t that a dream? It couldn’t have been real, right?

“It’s… just don’t do it again, okay?”

Koishi lets out a nervous laugh. “Of course, of course. I’ll just make sure to remember that.”

You turn back to find her palm burying her lips, deep in thought. She turns to you, muttering something. Then she speaks.

“Let’s go on a treasure hunt.”

You open your mouth, then shut it. “…What?”

She grins. “A treasure hunt. I bet there’s all kinds of cool stuff just lying around.”

You close your eyes, relaxing. “A treasure hunt, huh? What do you think we’d find?”

Koishi hums. “I dunno. Lost memories? Hidden potential? Or maybe…” she leans in close, whispering in your ear, “some super-secret powers…”

You stretch your cuffs. “No traps or monsters?”

Koishi pulls back. “Probably traps and monsters.”

You open your eyes, staring at her. “Then…”

Wait. Memories? Potential?

She sighs, exasperated. “I’m sorry, okay? I wanna make it up to you, but I just… I don’t know how.” She stands up, shading her eyes, and stares out. “This place is kinda weird, so I just thought I could help you find something nice.”

You groan. “I’d prefer if you just left me alone.”

She laughs, nervous. “I guess so. But I’m still out there, you know. That temple place really helped you out, but they’re not gonna help much if I show up.”

“Are you threatening me?”

She blinks. “No? I don’t think I am. But if you really don’t wanna look at stuff, I could maybe try to tell you things? I’d have to touch you in weird, fun places to stay focused, though.”

“That doesn’t sound good.”

She shrugs.

You don’t like either option. One’s unpleasant, and the other’s outright dangerous. And the way she’s talking about you, it’s like you’re still…

Still asleep. If that’s the case, you need to wake up before anyone takes advantage of you, and the only thing drastic enough you could think of would be to… well, to die. You look to Koishi, who looks back, innocent. She could probably kill you, but if it turns out you’re awake after all, or that there’s properties to this realm you don’t understand, then that’s it.

It’s not like it’d by any worse than half the deaths you’d already envisioned since that summer, but even after everything you’ve suffered, you’re not quite sure you’re ready to take the chance. So, do you risk your sanity, or the fleeting tatters of your purity, or something else?

You take a shaking breath. “Fine, tell me things. I’ll…” You cough, clearing your throat. “You can touch me, if you must.”

“Hm…” Koishi returns her hand to her chin. The other wanders toward your bust. “I dunno. You sure you don’t wanna get all intimate and stuff?”

You swat the hand away. “Yes.”

“Hmph. Fine.” A sour tone flits across her face, before breaking out into a goofy giggle. She kneels before you, gently prying apart your legs. Her breath brushes through your mound. “So, what do you want to know?”

“I…” You squirm, stretching your wrist-chain. “Where am I? How did I get here?” You still need to get out of here, and away from her, but first you need to know how.

“I dunno.” Koishi pokes your mound, squishing the lips together. “But, I think your head’s been getting kinda weird, so someone’s probably touching you, wherever you are.”

You twitch, flinching at Koishi’s cavalier touch and fighting the urge to smack your legs against her. She’s given you something. Something that sends a chill up your bare back, but that you can’t fix here.

You need more.

“So, who are you, anyway?” Seriously, why can’t you remember more than the name and face of someone who scared you all the way to the human village?

“Me?” Koishi pats your pussy like a good pet before she pulls her hand back, licking it. “I’m a…” She looks up, scratching her forehead. “Oh, right. I’m a satori, like my sister.”

A Satori, huh? You thought they’d just read peoples’ minds, not wipe them. Is that something they normally refuse to do? Something only some can do? Or is there…

She leans back down, sliding a finger through your short bush.

“Hey, hey! Do you have a girlfriend?”

Your skin turns a very slight shade of pink. You’d like to think of Nue becoming one, or maybe even Shizuha, just to get something akin to a normal romance for once. Not like that hell Wriggle and her winged henchwoman put you through.

Or was Mystia the ringleader and Wriggle her enforcer?

Either way, you don’t have anyone yet. And you pray to any god that’ll listen that no repeat of your last ‘romance’ ever comes.

“No.” Being taken wouldn’t dissuade her anyway.

She tilts her head to the side, staring up through your legs as she plays with your pubic hair. She opens her mouth, then closes it, shrugging. She hums a light, jaunty tune.

“Wh- Why are you here, anyway? And…” wait. She doesn’t know where you are, but she thinks someone else had been touching you? “What is this place?”

“It’s not a place, silly. You’re still asleep.” She lets out a quiet huff. “You didn’t have to interrupt your dream just when it got to the good part, you know.” She glances behind her. “Dunno why I’m here, though.” She turns around and plops down next to you, patting her lap.

You shake your head.

She pokes the side of your breast. Then disappears.

You spin around, searching the woods around you, but she’s gone. You squirm and shift your weight, straining your wrists apart and praying she’s not about to…

You feel a pair of smooth legs, under a soft skirt, beneath your bare ass. A pair of gentle hands slide along your shoulders, only barely pressing into them.

Warm breath brushes past your neck. “There, there.” Koishi whispers.

“How did you…”

“Shhh…” She rubs her hands in slow but firm circles. Her legs clench, trapping your hands against her crotch. “You’re all tight and upset. Just let me take care of you, okay?”

You can’t quite relax in her grasp, but her handiwork does sooth you. And as her recent stunt reminds you, if she really wants you, she’ll just take you. Better to keep her focused on something else. Anything else.

A thought occurs to you.

“Can you… help me?”

“I already am, silly.” Her hands slide down to your upper back, working your shoulder blades.

“I mean, can you hide me from other youkai?” It’s a stretch, but she can hide herself from you. You can decide later whether you’d accept such help.

Her hands freeze. Heavy, almost heaving breaths hit your neck as a drool drips on your shoulder.

“I could do something like that, I guess.” Her hands slide down your back, slipping behind your clenched fists to rub your ass.

And just like that, your body locks up. You feel your muscles tense up and before you know it, you’re off her lap and lunging forward. Until something smooth wraps around your ankle, yanking it back. You pitch forward, but just manage to right yourself as its companion coils around your other leg. Vines. You reach down the back of your thigh to rip it off, only for another pair to leap from the grass and twist around your stomach, pinning both arms to your back.

You glance back to find Koishi gone again. Twisting and squirming as the vines slide up your body, you heave a quaking breath. Which your captors use to run a fat coil of vines from one cheek, between your teeth, to the other, stretching both your cheeks and your jaw with their combined girth.

You turn, straining against the vines just to nudge your body to one side. You turn to the other, achieving little more.

Koishi’s clothed bust presses into your back, wrapping her hands around your midsection. You try to lean forward.

“It’s okay. It’s okay. Relax.”

“Eh ehweh!”

She squeezes. “You gotta relax so they can let go.”

You stop twisting. “Hu?”

“I don’t wanna hurt you. I promise I won’t hurt you. But you gotta calm down.”

She again squeezes your already strained stomach. “Just feel happy things. Like puppies and hell kittens.”

What? No, never mind that. What did she say about them letting go? And just what is this place?

“I’m sorry I did those mean things to you. You don’t like it when people touch your pretty butt or your soft boobs or lick your tasty flower, but I, but…”

Flower? Is she talking about your… no. It doesn’t matter.

“Anyway, I’m sorry I pushed myself on you. I wanna make it better.” She loosens her grip, shaking. “At least enough so you don’t kill yourself.”

Whatever she meant by that, you appreciate the sentiment. Probably. Not so much the stuff about your body, though. Still, the confusion muddles your fears and, even in your floral prison, your breathing slows, your panic weakens. As it does, the vines loosen their grip.

First your braided gag falls away. Then, in tandem with your ebbing fear, the vines slide back down your body, releasing their grip on your arms. As they retreat down your legs, you find the cuffs disappeared somewhere as well, freeing your hands completely.

You collapse to the grass, already exhausted.

You lie on your back, looking back up at Koishi. “What was that?”

She fidgets. “Well, you panicked.”

“What?”

Koishi sits next to you, running her palm along your stomach. “You got all scared.”

“No, I mean, where’d the vines come from?”

She blinks. “Like I said, you panicked.”

You stop, catching your breath. You’re getting nowhere.

“Why does panicking lead to vines?”

She flicks your breast. “I dunno. It’s your head, not mine.”

“It’s my-”

“Hey. I’ve got an idea.” Koishi throws her arms wide. “You know how you’ve got all those guys always chasing you around?”

“Guys?”

“The youkai.”

“Girls, but yes.” If she’s got even the slightest hint toward a better solution…

“But you just can’t seem to keep any of ’em away, right?”

“I guess so?”

She puts a finger up. “But you don’t wanna just pick one.”

“…Pick one?”

“Yeah, you know. Find one that’s kinda nice and let her do what she wants if she keeps the rest away.”

You shudder. Both at the thought and how Koishi’s started dancing her fingers around your nipple.

“…Yes. That’s something I won’t do.”

“Well, I thought about what you said, and…” she leans in, whispering conspiratorially, “how ‘bout you just stick with me. We can do different weird, fun things together.”

You stare at her. Her devious grin’s a fair bit goofier than she thinks it is. “What do you mean?”

“Well…” she looks away, “We just have to play when I feel like it.”

“What sort of play?”

She shrugs, her face still fixated away. “I dunno. Those sorts of things just kinda come to me. We’ll see when it happens. I don’t have to touch you, though.”

“When it happens?”

She gives you a cocksure grin. “When it happens.”

You’re already getting lost again. “Whatever. Thanks for helping with those vines, I guess. How’d you know about those, anyway?”

“Hmm? Oh, that’s just…” she looks around, “Just ’cause.” She looks down, almost mumbling. “I didn’t want you to die.” Koishi stands and starts pacing.

“How would I have died?”

“Feedback loop.” She frowns. “Where would we go? Actually…” She scampers off into the treeline.

You sit up, no longer daring to venture out without her. It takes only a moment for her to return, beaming with her hands behind her back.

You’re finding her harder and harder to understand, but there’re still a few things you need to at least try to figure out.

“What exactly do you want from me?”

“Me? I just wanna have fun.” She giggles and steps behind you. You hear her unfurl something. There’s a light ‘click’ just before a leathery strap brushes against your neck.

You spin around to find her holding a thick, pink collar.

“What the hell ar-!”

Koishi slaps an open palm over your mouth, brow hardening. “Shh!”

Bushes rustle nearby. A quiet melody floats over the wind. Quiet, sensuous whispers echo from every direction.

You lose track of the noises surrounding you somewhere around a dozen.

Koishi scoops you into her arms and pads away. Slipping toward a quieter part of the treeline, she steps inside. The silence of woodland chirps and chitters sets your hair on edge. Quiet, hungry whispers and distant moans float though the air. Koishi flits her head left and right, then sets you down.

“Hide.” Is all she whispers before pausing. “And remember to stay calm.” She gives you a tight smile before creeping away.

Unsettled, you find a thick oak tree near a pair of dense bushes. Light, crunching footsteps approach. Gingerly, you slip between the tree and bushes, then duck down. You barely get your head below them, but you don’t dare seek better cover now.

You hold your breath as a figure approaches, leaves crinkling beneath its feet.

“Heh, figured I’d find you here.”

You choke down a scream. It’s Wriggle. She leans forward, her twisted grin looming over you. You can’t bring yourself to move a single muscle.

She reaches toward you.

Iron bars slam into the ground between you, destroying both bushes to form a tightly-packed fence and jarring her back. Another set of bars crash from the canopy, locking across the first set to form what looks like…

You spin around, finding many more bars that together form a giant cage. Which you’re trapped inside of.

“What the hell?” Wriggle cries, slamming her fist against the cage wall.

Turning back to keep an eye on Wriggle, you pull yourself up and creep away. Slipping around the tree, you inch back toward the cage center.

You bump into someone. Whirling around, you find Koishi grinning at you.

“I just saved your butt, huh?”

You’re shivering. “You brought this thing down?”

“Yep.”

“…How?”

She glances left and right. She reaches one hand out. Mist seeps up from the forest floor to gather just above her open palm. It grows dense, then coalesces into a…

A purple dildo.

She tilts her head. “That’s weird.” She tosses the sex toy away, turning back to you. “Anyway, you gotta go.”

Whatever that’s supposed to explain, a small sense of relief washes through you as the toy disappears again. Still…

“Why?”

“’Cause your head’s getting all freaked out. And you’re not gonna like what I’d need do to fix it.”

“So this is my mind.”

Something crashes against the cage above you. Looking up, you find Mystia rubbing her head, perched on the upper grill, glaring at you.

“Not quite. We’re in your head, but just a bit below your mind. You’re never supposed to be here, really.”

“Below my…”

A flash blinds you. As the light clears, you find Aya standing just outside the nearest wall. Her pants sit around her ankles as she holds her camera in one hand and bares her drizzling slit with the other. A red light appears behind her, which soon resolves into Kosuzu, floating and holding a black book in one hand.

Your breathing’s picking up pace as the forest floor stirs beneath you.

Koishi grips your shoulders, whispering into your ear.

“It’s okay. I’m here. It’s just your nightmares. I can take care of ’em.” She squeezes. “But you gotta go.”

You wheeze. “Go where?”

Koishi hums a concerned tune. “Don’t you know how to wake up?”

You shake. More figures appear at the edges of your sight. “Would dying would be bad?”

She twitches. “That’s how you do it?” She frets. “That doesn’t work here. Maybe…”

Vines burst from the forest floor, snapping around Koishi and rooting her in place. You take a step away from her as something emerges from those vines.

A smooth, round gemstone emitting a soft pink light.

“What… what do I do?”

Koishi lets out a squeak. “Don’t touch it! It’ll make you mean and evil.”

“What else can I do?”

Koishi grunts, looking to the left and right. She shuts her eyes tight.

Woods crashes against wood in the distance. Spinning around, you find trees crashing behind the growing pile of leering youkai. A simple, floating farmhouse door drifts toward the cage, stopping only a short distance outside.

“Someone left this thing in your head, I dunno where it goes, but it won’t be here.”

The bars in front of the door then rearrange themselves into a giant gate.

Koishi grunts. “It opens from the inside.”

You look from her to the door and the dozen or so youkai on the other side of the bars. They’ve gathered just outside the path to that door, possibly hoping to bait you out of the cage.

Koishi sighs. “It’s pretty risky, but I maybe it’ll be better.” She groans. “If you don’t wanna do that, you just gotta let me take a little control.” You glance between the youkai and Koishi, feeling drawn to the strange gemstone nestled in her vines. Is she right? Will it corrupt you? Is the door any better, with the risk of what happens if you step outside?

Or is it riskier to just leave a strange door below your mind, letting who-knows-what screw around with your head. Where is ‘below your mind’ anyway?

A small part of you’s tempted by Koishi’s offer. The thought of never having to fight them off anymore does call to you, even if it means surrendering to one.

You could try meditating again. It got you out of one nightmare, maybe it’ll get you out of this one? Of course, it might just push you into something worse instead. 
You glance back. Her offer tempts you, but you remember the night you left. Maybe she changed more than Mystia or Wriggle, but you doubt it. The thought of that gem making you ‘mean’ sounds kind of appealing, though. But you’ve got a problem to address before you even consider either choice.

You look forward, through the cage walls, to the farm door outside. Either Koishi’s bluffing or someone installed a secret passage into your head. On one side of the closed door stands Kagerou, baring long fangs in her grin. Across from her stands Kosuzu, face impassive, red wisps floating around her. Numerous faces with feminine bodies and strange appendages float nearby, including Wriggle, Kogasa, Aya, and even Shizuha. All leering at you.

You swallow. It’s only a few paces between the cage and the door, but you command neither the speed nor strength to break through that. And yet you plant one foot behind you.

Koishi clears her throat, voice wobbling. “Be careful, okay?”

You roll your shoulders. You’re screwed, but you simply can’t leave the door there.

You throw yourself forward, floating over the ground and flipping your feet forward. You thump against the bars, next to the gate. Finding no lock or other mechanism, you just grab the handle and yank, throwing the gate inward.

With your feet perched on the bars, time slows to a halt. Heartbeats pass, one by one, as every pair of eyes swivels straight to you. The farm door sits there, just a pace or two away. Kogasa’s face lights up, Kagerou’s hungry grin turns feral, and you even catch a devious glint in Kosuzu’s eyes.

You drop one foot down to smash it against the dirt and throw yourself forward, free of the cage.

Until a pair of strong, clawed hands seize your midriff and your captor buries her face in your neck, gorging her lungs in your hair. She plants her legs down and twists you to face Kosuzu, keeping herself pressed into your back.

Your hands hang down, trapped against your sides by her arms. You grunt, twisting your body as Kosuzu steps forward, eyeing one breast like a prize crop. She hefts it once, the opens her lips and presses her tongue to its underside. Slowly, she drags her tongue up, crossing your areola and rubbing your nipple before she retracts it.

Heavy wings pound the air above you, just before the moistened silk over someone’s pussy smushes into your face. A pair of toned, curvy thighs wrap around your cheeks as a pair of slender hands dig into your scalp.

“Mph!”

Kagerou’s grip eases, giving you just enough space to yank your arms out. You grab at the thighs on your shoulders, screaming into your captor’s crotch. All you get back are Mystia’s girlish giggles. Kosuzu grabs your sides and kisses your collarbone as Kagerou steps away. You twist your shoulders in a vain attempt to knock Mystia off.

Then something yanks Kosuzu’s hands away. Mystia tumbles off your shoulders soon after. You collapse to the ground, finding Koishi’s legs wrapped around her neck.

Wasn’t she just…

Dazed, you glance around to find Kagerou, Kosuzu, and several other women laid out around you, but already stirring. Your muscles protest at even slight movements, but they’ll all be back up in seconds. Even now, Koishi struggles to keep Mystia down.

She grins at you. “Time to go, silly.”

Fighting a creaking body, you force yourself back upright. You take one last glance around to find Wriggle already halfway up. You stretch out one hand, yank the door open, and leap through.

And almost fall through oblivion once more. Using your shaky grasp of flight, you steady yourself just long enough to grab the side. Spinning around, you grip the wooden handle and, adjusting one hand, shut the door behind you.

You turn around and kick off, sailing into the dark blue expanse before you. Above you twinkles the brightest stars you’ve seen, set against the backdrop of a giant, yellow moon. Below you, you find nothing but darkened farmland, stretching as far as the eye can see. Rice, wheat, barley, assorted berries… every crop you can think of passes below you.

The nighttime calm seeps through you, easing your strained mind and body. Until you catch ominous shadows lying over an approaching rice field. Storm clouds. Clouds that would be about, well… you look ahead, a moment too late.

Dark blue mist envelops you.

You sail through shadow until it turns into a smooth but dusty wooden floor. Your feet, elbows, and knees bump and scrape against the wood as you tumble, throwing out your hands in a last-ditch effort to stabilize. You skin one palm and scratch the other, but you halt your skid, collapsing to the ground.

You lie there, resting your wounded and aching body. Looking around, you find that dark, murky shadow clings to the corners between a few towering bookshelves.

You’re back in Suzunaan. The place where…

Bare feet thump across the ground behind you. You look up to find Kagerou again, her white dress swishing as she strides toward you.

Her eyes glowing red.

You part your lips to scream, only for your voice to die as everything turns red. You gulp as the light dies down, taking a few quick, light breaths. Your throat works fine.

But your neck doesn’t move.

Kagerou flicks a finger upward. Your neck moves up, dragging your body with it. Your hands fly to it, almost clawing at your flesh as it drags you upright. Then it stops just as your heels leave the floor. Kagerou steps up to you, sighs, and slides her hands along your arms.

Squeezing your wrists, she shoves them back down, pressing them to your thighs as red light once more sears through your vision. You pull at your wrists the second it dies back down, only to find them glued to your thighs. A quick glance down confirms your fears. A red ring envelops each thigh, trapping your wrist with it.

You wiggle, sweating, as Kagerou grins. Your neck’s still trapped, your feet barely touch the floor, and you can’t even move your hands. She gives you the sort of half-lidded gaze that few can pull off, and yet, in another time, would’ve made your knees weak. She flicks your chin, then dances her fingers down your chest, her gaze sinking with them.

Flicking your slit once, she slides her fingers back up your sides. Settling her hands across your shoulders, she smiles. Then spins you around to face a small, slender woman’s bare back.

And bare ass.

The woman’s blonde hair gives you a hint to her identity, but her dour sigh wipes away all doubt. Shizuha. Your neck sinks back down. Your feet flatten back out, but it keeps going, tilting forward and jutting your ass out behind you. You grip your thighs, hoping to rebalance the weight sliding toward your neck. As your head descends, it becomes clear what she had in mind. Shizuha sighs, taking one step back, toward you. She takes another as your neck levels with her ass. You squirm again, working your jaw and straining to pull your wrists free.

Shizuha slides her hands down her ass, pulling at the cheeks to expose the hole between them. Your breathing picks up. Recent horrors swim through your head. Green hair, antennae, cruel laughter, and vindictive strikes. The ring pushes your head forward. You dig your feet into the floor until your nose stops, just short of her ass’s spread cheeks.

You take a few quick, light sips of air.

Dark thoughts continue their parade. Wriggle’s heavy ass, Mystia’s oversized tits, and even that red monster’s fleshy tentacles.

A clawed hand dances across your back. “So, just what would you do to avoid that last, little step?” Kagerou’s ass settles on your back, textured only by the lace of her panties, as she drapes her dress over your side. She rubs her fingers through your hair. “Kiss my feet? Call me your queen? Give me the gift of that cute tongue?”

Shizuha stretches, turning from side to side, her ass almost touching your cheek.

Kagerou drums her fingers on your skull.

“Would you hurt her for me? Degrade her?”

What? Shizuha’s done nothing to hurt you, you couldn’t possibly… well, you wouldn’t, right? Sure, it would be amazing to, just once, escape such abuse. But you wouldn’t go that far, right?

Kagerou idly fingers your hair as Shizuha steps away from you. Until she turns around, revealing a familiar black appendage hanging from the depths of her pussy.

A rising, hardening, tentacle cock. She stares you dead in the eyes, hands on her hips.

She takes a step back toward you, her appendage now rigid and level with your lips.

You shut your jaw.

Kagerou lays a pair of dainty, clawed hands on your shoulders and leans down.

“Have fun~”

Another flash of red. The rings constricting your neck, thighs, and wrists disappear. Kagerou hops off your back as your hands drop to the floor. Shizuha stops. In horror, you watch your own hands pad across the floor, followed by your legs. You will yourself to stop, only to keep crawling.

You stop just before her crotch. Your gut lurches as you nuzzle the tentacle with your cheek. Then your lips part to give it a kiss. A long, tender kiss. But just as you start to pull away, the shaft splits down the middle. And the other middle. The head parts into four quarters, each fleshy on the inside and filled with wiggling, writhing nubs.

You haul back, but just before you can scream, it latches onto your face. It thrusts a second, squishier shaft down your throat. The new shaft pushes deep down, ripping a heaving gag from your lips as it ejects some foul fluid. Then it just pulls back, popping free of your lips and disappearing behind Shizuha’s bare slit.

You fall on your face, clutching your churning stomach. A pair of strong hands cup your breasts, claws sinking inside to haul you back up. Once Kagerou’s bust presses once more against your back, she starts to hum, rubbing your abused flesh. Then she squeezes.

Hard.

You shut your eyes tight as Kagerou sinks her claws deeper into your flesh. A tongue slides up your navel. Shaking, you open your eyes as it pulls back. Shizuha gives an apologetic grunt as she leans back in to drag her tongue up. She slips her tongue between Kagerou’s fingers, licking the blood from your breasts.

The pain in your stomach ebbs, even as Kagerou yanks at your breasts. She stretches them away, then smashes them together. Your chest burns and aches. Shizuha pulls back. You open your mouth, only for her to grip your cheeks and smother her lips across yours.

Kagerou lets go, even as Shizuha sucks the air straight from your lungs. In a second, your chest burns worse than it ever did before. You claw at Shizuha’s scalp, straining just to grab her, as your lungs struggle to inflate.

Slam! Kagerou’s clawed hand crashes against your ass, raking the skin. You jerk, bumping into Shizuha’s slender frame. Kagerou’s claws slam against your ass again, drawing blood. Your chest screams in agony even as Kagerou rakes her claws again, this time across your back.

Then, just as it hits a fever pitch, both parties pull away. With no strength left in your body and nothing holding you up, you teeter back, sagging.

Then Kagerou’s foot slams into your back, throwing you to the ground. You tumble back to the floor, barely even caring about the new aches and pains the floor forces into your joints and battered chest. You lie on your side, coughing and choking until a little air seeps back into your lungs.

A smooth, clean foot steps into view as its counterpart settles down behind your resting head. A shin and thigh press together as someone squats over you, her ass hovering just above your chin. Something wet and sticky drips onto your cheek. Another drip, then another.

A clawed foot pokes your belly. Then steps on your belly. Then pushes you onto your back. As your head rolls up, you find Shizuha’s pussy oozing onto your lips. She gives you a dead stare.

Then reaches down and plugs your nose.

It takes only a moment for your tired lungs to force your mouth open. The oozing turns into a deluge of pussy juice cascading down your throat. The foot leaves your stomach.

You choke and sputter, just as something throws Shizuha back off you. You turn back to your side, coughing and spitting out Shizuha’s fluids.

“You are mine, Honda.” Says a voice you’ve never heard before. High, imperious, and with just a hint of unnatural echo. You look up to find Kagerou gone. In her place is someone you’ve never seen before. Long and flowing, but wispy black hair. A simple red dress with large, white sleeves, both fading into mist near the edges. You’ve no idea if she even has feet. And a thick, red horn jutting from her forehead.

As red as her eyes still are, they no longer glow. You haul yourself up, barely staying upright on your weak feet. Still wheezing, you take a trembling step backward. She floats toward you. You take another shivering step, almost tripping.

Then a hand grabs your wrist and hauls you backward. In seconds, the bookstore fades to nothing, taking the horned demon with it. Everything dissolves back to blue, then to the farmland sky. The cloud fades into the distance.

“Not sure what your brilliant plan was, but you can’t just float around here all willy-nilly like that, girl.”

You barely manage to turn yourself enough to see your new companion. You find a black and white puffball dress and a matching sleeping cap. All worn by a curvy, slightly bored-looking woman with what might be a tail. Ending in another puffball.

“Where am I?”

“Where are ya- you serious?” She looks you up and down, then blushes. “Well, there’re weirder things going on here than just that.”

Even after everything, you can’t help but match her blush. You throw an arm across your nipples, and a hand over your crotch, but you doubt it means much at this point. You need to rest.

“I just, look, it’s a long story.” You look away. “I never wanted to look like this.”

“Mhmm. So, what’re you doing out and about in the open dream world, huh?”

Dream world. That’s where the connection goes. “I… found something where it didn’t belong.” She opens her mouth, but you continue. “What was that cloud? What just happened?”

She shrugs. “A nightmare. Common occurrence around these parts.” She slides a sly glance your way. “Especially around people who’re having a hard time.”

Then you need to get out of here. “You seem to know this place pretty well.”

She lets out a sigh of feigned longsuffering. “’Course I would, I gotta get my food somewhere.”

“Food?”

“Dreams. Speakin’ of which, what kind do you want?” Her tail swishes back and forth.

Dream eater. One of those youkai you know little about. Wait, has she seen into any of yours? You float back, just slightly.

She cocks her head, scrunching her brow. Then a smug grin breaks across her face. “Oh… You been dreaming something naughty?”

What? No! Well, not voluntarily. “You’ve never… peeked into any of my dreams, have you?”

She pokes her forehead, focusing for a second, then sends a sinister grin your way. “How badly do you want to know?”

You shiver. “Not badly enough.” You can tell by that smile, whatever she wants isn’t worth it.

She stares straight into your eyes just before her gaze wanders down. Then she jerks back up, giving a polite cough. “Guess I ain’t telling then. Maybe later.” She glides toward you.

You glide back.

She chuckles. “Well now, I’m not going to bite.”

You eye her.

The sky warps to gray, then back.

“Besides, it looks like you’re about to wake up.”

You glance to her. The sky shifts again. The door’s still there, but anyone you tell about it could abuse that knowledge to do who-knows-what. On the other hand, the thought of those nightmares bothers you. And what the hell was with that horned woman at the end?

You’ve no idea if she’ll listen to any request you make, but it’s not like you’ve got anything to lose by asking. 
"Wait. Uh, about how I got here. The thing that doesn’t belong.”

The sky flickers, the stars blur into a fading night.

She looks back to you.

“It’s a door. Probably not far from where you found me.”

“You’re running out of time, you know.”

She blurs into the night herself.

“If you can, please try to destroy it!”

Everything fades to gray. Your last plea fading into the night.



You blink, squinting through the orange light. Your muscles weigh you down as your eyes adjust. A vague mass of black, white, and brown leans over you. Soft, full thighs support your head. Soon, your vision clears. A strained, yet cheery smile hovers over you, surrounded by a cascading mess of purple hair, fading to brown as it leaves the scalp.

Byakuren. Hijiri.

Leader of the temple. Commander of this youkai horde. Possibly youkai herself.

Personally attending to you.

Why is she here? Did you do something? There was that scream. Did you hurt one of her followers? You wheeze, flicking your eyes across the room. It’s tiny. Barely big enough to fit a futon and maybe a small table. Weak sunlight filters in through a tiny window across from the door. She wouldn’t want vengeance, would she?

You take a deep breath. You’re not dead yet, so she hopefully has something else in mind. She’s not planning anything worse, right?

“Oh, I worried you wouldn’t wake.”

Her voice brings back memories of her visits to the village. Hearing her voice in the markets always had you scanning the streets for her followers. If there’s one thing Kagerou and Wriggle did for you, it was to put such fears into rather stark perspective.

Will Wriggle come back for you? If she does, maybe staying in this temple wouldn’t be so bad.

You glance down your body, slow and careful. You’re still in Mystia’s apron and Shou’s cloak. Still with nothing underneath, save the metal belt. You shift your weight, then freeze.

Something shifted with you. Something small and round, just inside your belt. Your eyes dart to your crotch while you keep your body level. You see nothing but the apron, yet another slight shift confirms it.

The toy is back.

You look back up to Byakuren, eyes narrowing.

She heaves a sigh. “You need not trust us, but please, at least listen to what I have to say.”

The toy remains dormant as you flex your muscles. Subtly, you hope. The weight of sleep has mostly left. You can’t help a glance at her impressive bust, praying she never tries to choke you with it.

“Do you know of our mission, Ms. Naoko?”

“Yes.” Now’s not the time to dive deep into your past, but there’s no point in lying here.

She grins, face tight. “That’s excellent. Then you understand how vital it is to me that you’re kept safe.”

You’re less certain. The recent youkai attacks appear to have hurt the temple’s image, if your slowly clearing memories are anything to go by. But you can already imagine a much simpler solution for her than your protection. Maybe it speaks to her character or something that she’s yet to openly consider such a choice, or maybe she just worries about the suspicion it would bring.

And even more worrying is the damn toy. How’d it get in there? Did someone pick the lock? Break the lock? The belt feels firm enough, but you haven’t even really moved yet. Or did they… The key. You couldn’t get rid of it. You’ve been out long enough that anyone could have popped it open.

Now’s not the time to confront anyone, though. Or at least, not the woman whose goodwill your life and shattered purity now depend on. “So, what brought you back here?” A lame question, but as good a place as any to start.

“I had simply,” Byakuren glances away, “finished my business in the village.” She refocuses on you. “I had to return for the evening ceremony.”

Evening? Already? You wrestle yourself free of her grip and sit across from her. “What happened while I slept?”

She scratches her cheek. “I’m afraid I only just returned. You’ll need to ask one of the others.”

Then it may not have been her. You study her gaze, getting only a mask of serenity back. Is she hiding something? What does she plan to do with you?

“Did you see anyone when you came in?”

She exhales. “I’m afraid I was in too great a hurry.” She glances around. “I think we should move this discussion.” She stands up, offering her hand to you.

You accept it, letting her pull you up. She slides open the door to this cubby of a room, leading you down the hall. After a few minutes, she turns into a quiet, moderately sized room with a single bowl of rice topped with salmon strips, and a pair of chopsticks next to it. She gestures to it.

You step around and sit down. She slides the bowl down, then sits across from you. It’s the only food on the table. She places her hands together and bows for the traditional phrase. Hesitantly, you join her. Once finished, she motions to the bowl.

“You haven’t eaten since you arrived. Please, eat.”

Your stomach is bare, but so is your appetite. You pick up the chopsticks, poking a clump of rice out. You eat, taking your time. Even in the warm air, it’s cool and dry.

Why is one of the most important people in this world watching you eat?

It tastes fine, but you still find it a chore to consume. “Ms. Hijiri, would you like some?”

She waves you off. “I’m just fine, thank you. I’m happy to help with your needs, but I assure you that we’re well trained to resist our own bodily desires.”

Was that supposed to reassure you? It sounded like it was.

You chew another clump of rice. You’ll pick some of the meat off later. “How’s the village?”

She winces. “I’m afraid it’s still very unsafe for you. The…” She grasps the air, at a loss. “The problem you had is still there.” She lays a hand on your shoulder. “But I promise we’ll do whatever we can to fix it.”

You’re stuck between slumping at the thought that you’re still trapped outside and cringing at just how much someone with her power and responsibility fixates on your personal issues. What the hell is her angle? You cough. “Did you meet any goddesses there?”

She folds her arms, tilting her head. “No, none that I’m aware of. Though some are so weak you can barely tell.”

You’re still stuck, then. What’ll happen when you next sleep?

“You have some human worshippers, right?”

She brightens up at that. “Why yes. Our open-heartedness scares many off, but we find more each week who see the wisdom in our path. I promise you’re safe here.”

You stare hard at her. Surely she knows about your problem by now. Well, you’re not about to take any chances.

“Um, Ms. Hijiri. About me. You know about my…”

Gently, she wraps her hands around one of yours, guiding it down to the table.

Then the door opens behind her, Ichirin’s head poking though the crack. A specter of self-doubt flits across her face.

“Lady Byakuren, the service is about to start.”

Byakuren sighs. “I’m afraid I must leave it to you tonight.”

There’s a moment of quiet. “Then, I’ll leave you to your business.” Ichirin disappears, closing the door behind her.

You gaze at it, using your free hand to poke at the rice. As much as Hijiri’s attention worries you, it does keep you somewhere quiet while the youkai gather.

She lets out a polite cough, dragging your gaze back to the table, where her hands sit atop one of yours. You feel something happen between them, but you can’t tell what.

“Close your eyes.”

You glance to the bowl, slipping a sliver of fish down your throat. You want to keep her calm and happy, but that sort of thing requires trust. Trust that’s become very difficult to exercise around anyone.

“Please, Ms. Honda. It will help, I promise.”

She gives you the strange hybrid of puppy dog eyes and a disappointed mother. You glance away. It works, a little. But blinding yourself, even for a moment, around what could be a youkai?

“Maybe later. I, I just…” But then, would it really be any different? If she decides to attack you, what could you do? You glance back.

“Alright.” You swallow hard, shutting your eyes.

“Thank you. What do you feel?”

Warm. The muggy summer air presses around you. Though there’re also strange… almost eddies in it. Vague feelings of lewd intentions, faint and distant. “I feel danger, I think.”

“Would that danger feel, um, well…” You hear her take another breath, “dirty?”

“Yes.”

“Do you feel any from me?”

You can tell precious little from the sensation, but it does feel like they’re at least a little further away. “I don’t think so.”

“Then, please open your eyes.”

You open your eyes to find her straightening her back. “I promise that your condition is better than you think it is. You’ve probably come a long way, and I do not believe your powers will bring any shame upon this temple. Why, you’re not too far off from learning what is you really do.”

“Do you really think that’ll help?”

“Of course. It is, after all, the journey that matters. Once you learn the mechanism by which your power operates, you’ll best understand how to counter it.”

You’re less optimistic, both about the time it’ll take and the results it’ll reap. But it’s something.

She grins. “You’ll soon learn even to control your power, I suspect.”

Control, huh? Like that beam…

“Ms. Hijiri. Where’s Murasa?”

“Minamitsu? Did she do something to you?”

“No. Well, not yet. I don’t know.” You ripped a climax out of her. Right before you fell asleep. For all you know, she’s already thirsting for your body.

But then, she teleports. She’d already be all over you, wouldn’t she?

And if Byakuren doesn’t know about that, then why is she here?

“Don’t worry about her. She likes to scare people, but she’s mostly harmless.”

“Right. Of course.”

There’s a knock on the door.

Byakuren glances to you. You shrug, too tired to worry about anyone else in her presence.

The door creaks open and someone pokes her head through. Someone with very long, very well cared-for brown hair. The sort of hair that’s so neat it shines.

Then she turns to face you.

Kagerou.

“Ms. Hijiri, about what you…”

You lock up. She stares at you, confused. Then jolts up, freezing. For a tense moment, you both stare at one another, and she appears to be about as terrified as you are. There are deep pockets under her eyes.

Byakuren glances between you two.

“I think this may be a good…”

Kagerou opens her mouth, visibly sweating. She moves her jaw as if trying to speak.

Hijiri lets out a sad sigh. “So, that’s you meant, isn’t it, Kagerou?”

Kagerou shuts her mouth. She winces, then nods.

“But you’ll never do anything like it again, will you?”

She flinches, shivering, but nods again.

Your skin turns clammy.

“And Ms. Honda, could you, perhaps, find it within yourself to listen to her feelings?”

You slip out of your chair, backing up toward the wall.

“Ms. Honda?”

Kagerou opens her mouth again but shuts it right after. Then she slips back out and shuts the door.

Her footsteps pound down the hall, away from you.

You sag into the corner.

Hijiri exhales, tight and controlled. “I can’t imagine how difficult this must be for you.” She turns back to you. “I understand this may be presumptuous of me, but I don’t suppose you could try to help her? I’ll be happy to be there with you, but could you please give her your ear? I think it would do wonders for both of you.”

The thought of resolving it all now certainly sounds nice, and your aura had as great a role to play as anything else. But it’s still her eyes that stared you down as she buried you under her flesh. As she forced you to taste her cunt.

Following her request may net you a new ally, friend, or at least a favor. But could you pull it off? On the other hand, you still need to know where the hell Murasa is and, more importantly, if she’s become a problem. Although, above everything, you find yourself wondering if Shou’s offer is still available. At this point, you’re not certain you’ll make it through the night without something to dull the strain. 

The hot, moist air pricks at your skin. “I’ll try to listen. I can’t promise more than that.”

Hijiri nods. “It’s okay. That’s all I ask.” She stands up, holding the door open.

You walk through, hearing a chant rise through the building. Quiet and mostly solemn, but with wild, off-beat notes sprinkled through it. Byakuren steps beside you and guides you down the hall. The evening crickets begin their own routine chatter, drowning out the chant.

“I found your choice a pleasant surprise, Naoko. Too few humans will think to give their compassion for youkai, even to the weakest.”

You grunt a muted assent. Your own family would include such people, and you don’t blame them. Crops and people tend to go missing when simple farmers give youkai the benefit of the doubt. Even the weakest youkai can come up with nasty schemes, or work with a gang of stronger youkai.

You don’t necessarily fault her ideals, but her generosity is a privilege that your people simply couldn’t afford.

Your eyes wander to her figure. Hijiri’s dress does little to conceal the tight ass or sculpted hips she has.

No. You’ve had youkai control your tongue, your pussy, and your ass. You’re not giving them your mind too.

You also send off a quiet prayer that she’s not trying to ‘entice’ you into anything.

The chanting overpowers the crickets and the smell of incense wafts in as you creep up to a broad, open doorway. Inside is an alarming abundance of animal ears, tails, and other oddities. Shou kneels at the far end, the assorted youkai facing her. As quiet as you can, you leap past the door and continue forward.

Hijiri’s already beside you when you land and guides you around a corner. More doors pass by, and your nerves ease up as the incense fades and the chanting dies back down. Your eyes slide to her ample breasts, before you catch them and snap your gaze to the walls instead.

She glances back to you. “You’ll be fine. No one can hurt you here.”

She continues forward. You still struggle to keep your eyes off her body, and you’re getting worried that you don’t know why.

The ball in your crotch shifts slightly, sending a tingle up your spine. You stop, pushing your apron aside to glance at your belt. The metal’s dirty, but hard and smooth. You give it a few tugs and it holds firm. Whoever broke in must’ve used the key.
You sigh in relief. There’s someone around here with easy access to your crotch, but only that one person. Unless she has friends. You drop the apron, letting it settle back over your crotch, and look back up.

To find Hijiri staring right at you.

Your face burns. “S-Security measure. To keep them from, well, you know…”

She gives you a pained smile. “If it makes you feel safer, that’s enough reason for me.” She gestures to a door. “She won’t hurt you either, I promise. If you need something, I’ll be right by your side soon.”

Working up your nerve, you rap your knuckles against the door. Firm, but gentle.

There’s a moment of silence. What will you say? What can you say? You still remember the taste of her breasts, the weight of her ass, and even the way she smeared your face with your own juices.

Whether or not you blame her for it, she was one of the two to set off the disaster you now stumble through.

Could you forgive her?

You’ll figure it out later. You have other business to address with her. You’ll at least stick around long enough to listen. You can do this. You can do this.

“Come in.”

The voice is quiet and tremulous, but clear enough to hear over the rising chatter of crickets. You slip your fingers between the door and the frame, gently pushing it aside.

She stares at you, eyes going wide. Wearing, you now notice, the same dress she had on that night. It’s rumpled and messy, but neatly tucked over her shoulders. She fidgets with it, tugging the collar up against her neck. You halt, taking a deep breath.

Fighting down the urge to bolt, you force yourself to step inside, closing the door behind you. Trembling, you force yourself to kneel. Her chest rises and falls a bit too quick.

It’s strange, though. Despite being a full head taller than you, something about her seems small. Maybe some compassion could be justified, but you’re still too busy fighting the urge to be literally anywhere else.

She trembles, looking to you for something. An explanation? Condemnation?

There’s a tiny, dark part of you that revels in reflecting your pain and terror back on her. Though her fear would mean more if you weren’t also shaking. And were she more fully responsible.

You clear your throat. “I… I just thought that, maybe, I should, I don’t know. Hear your story, I guess.”

Kagerou’s eyes flit left and right. She lets out a nervous laugh. Then stares you dead in the eyes before bowing her head to the floor. “I’m sorry.”

She lifts her head, just slightly. “I don’t know what happened. I promise. The moon always makes me a little strange, but it’s never made me do anything…”

Her voice falters. “I needed to have you then. I just,” she looks back up to you, “I lost control. I’m sorry.”

You look away. “It’s, well,” you struggle for the words, “I accept your apology.” Maybe you’ll forgive her, maybe you won’t, but you can at least acknowledge her remorse. “Besides, there were other things-”

She blinks, eyes moist. “…Are you naked under that?”

You blush. “…Yes. Thanks to my most recent… well, the last woman to do what, you know, you did.”

She grimaces. “I’m so sorry. Wait, last woman?” She stares, almost wall-eyed. “We’re talking about the same thing, right? Just how many, what’s even happened to you?”

“It’s, um.” How much to tell her? Fuck it. She’s showing what could be genuine interest in your well-being and you’re not about to waste that opportunity. You give her a quick, but complete explanation for what you know.

“If it helps, that night wasn’t the worst time I’ve had.”

In fact, you’re still wearing the reminder of a worse time.

She barks out a laugh, hollow and bitter. “Well, I’ll never give you a time that bad again.” She pauses, thinking. “But really? Even that thing I did with my legs?”

You groan. “Yeah. I’ve had worse.”

“Wow.” She leans back. “How’re you feeling?”

“I just want to go home.”

She sits back. “Well, crap. Is there anything I can help with?”

You rub your cheek. “Actually, yes. I still don’t understand what it is I do. Could you tell me any more details about why you did, well, that?”

“Details. About the night I…”

“Yes.” Your voice somehow cracks on that single word.

“Well,” Kagerou runs a hand through her hair. “I guess I’d been feeling a little strange at first. Like something exciting would happen if I just wandered around near the road.”

Does the aura not need visual contact, or was this unrelated?

She sets her hands back down, wringing them together. “Then, I dunno. I guess something just clicked when I saw you. I felt like I had to own you. To play with you. Like my very soul depended on you. And your, uh…”

You slide a hand across your belly. “My body?”

“Yes.”

“And just to be clear, you don’t feel that anymore, right?”

Kagerou glances away. “Not really.”

You suddenly feel cold. “What do you mean?”

Kagerou grunts, her voice squeaking. “I mean, I…” She hangs her head. “When I think back to that night, I feel upset. Angry at what I did. But I also, I also sort of…” She tilts her head, shaking. She lifts her skirt, swiping her fingers across her black panties. She holds them up.

They glisten.

Instantly, she cringes. “It’s so gross, isn’t it?”

“It’s… concerning.” You can’t decide whether to be scared that she still finds you hot, or disgusted that your power could make someone like something they hate.

“So, you’re still affected.”

She shakes her head. “I don’t know. But I wouldn’t need to be.”

What.

She continues. “It’s just that I’m weak, you know? Compared to all the bigshots, anyway. The idea of finally being the one in control, especially of a human…” She shrugs. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what’s going on, but we’re perfectly capable of being terrible people on our own.”

So, your power isn’t forcing it on her. Should this relieve or further concern you?

“But you acted completely different yesterday.”

“Like I said, the moon tends to make me a bit wild. I lose control more easily. And if you’re telling the truth, it could have made me more vulnerable to that thing you do.”

“Any particular reason it makes you wild?”

She rubs her neck. “Well, I’m a werewolf, sort of.” A small pair of ears pop out of her hair. “While it’s not pure lycanthropy, most days the wolf side’s small enough to hide.” The ears disappear back into her hair. “But on full moons…”

So, her wolf side may be more vulnerable than her human side. That makes sense, you suppose.

“Oh, uh…” Kagerou cringes again. “What was your name?”

Oh. She never learned that?

“Naoko.”

“Well, Naoko. I’m part of this network. It’s small right now, but I’ve been working hard to expand it. If it’s alright with you, I think I’ll try to warn them about you.”

You halt.

“I promise I won’t tell them anything too personal. I’d just describe your appearance and warn them about the effect you might have on them.”

You exhale. “That… that would probably help.”

“If there’s anything else I can help with, please. Please let me know.”

“I, I’ll think about it.” You stand up. “Can you give me a second?”

She blinks, wiping her eyes. “Sure.”

You slip outside, taking a breath. That went almost better than you dared to hope, but you need a moment to breathe.

A hand slips around your head, shoving your face between a pair of plump, bare breasts. It lets go and you stumble back.

“Been making progress?” Aya stands before you, rigid pink nipples poking out from breasts exposed by her unbuttoned shirt.

The cap’s gone, as are the shorts. She now wears a simple, open white shirt with a tiny black skirt. A red tokin sits on her head.

“Progress?”

She sighs, cupping her breasts. “Were these not a big enough hint?”

Right, the aura thing. Of course.

You think quick. “I’m getting close.” There’s something about her that bothers you right now, likely related to those tits. “Just give me a few more days.”

Aya clicks her tongue. “Not a very bright idea.”

“I’m working on it. I promise.”

Aya steps forward. She leans in, rubbing her breasts against your apron. You wince, stepping back.

And promptly bump into a pair of bare breasts. You whirl around, facing Aya. Again. She grips your head, leaning over your shoulder.

She whispers. “You know what it takes to keep a white wolf restrained?”

You shake your head.

“Well, I’ve got the tools do that now. And I’m itching to use them.”

She turns around and hooks an arm around your neck, forcibly guiding you down the hall.

“I promise you’ll be safe for about the next twenty-four hours, but beyond that…” She trails off, flicking one of your breasts.

“I’m working on it. I swear, as soon as I figure anything out, I’ll try to fix your problem.”

She grins. “That’s excellent. Especially since I’ve been having some motivation troubles lately.”

“Motivation?”

She waves a finger in the air. “It’s getting hard to do things that might separate us. Or change the ‘urges’ you’ve given me. I’d really rather not degrade myself with a human farmgirl, but it’s getting a bit tricky.”

“Would you at least have any leads to offer? Ways you think you could be cured?”

“Well, yes. The most likely place to find solutions would be in certain forms of very specialized magic.”

“Anywhere they could be found?”

“Well, I happen to know of a rather strange book in the village. I’ve also got a proper connection to Okina lined up, who might know a way to hook us up.”

“Wouldn’t you be better qualified for this?”

She squeezes you. “Like I said, intervention’s getting difficult. I’ll need a ‘morale boost.’ That’s you.”

“I’ll… I’ll think about it. Could you come back tomorrow?”

“Nope.” Aya separates, closing her shirt back up.

“Motivation’s waning fast. Maybe I’ll be here tomorrow, maybe I won’t. But if you want the help of a tengu you can trust, you need to act now.”

That’s…

This is exceptionally dangerous. But if it leads to a cure… 
You take a breath. “Let’s get that book.”

“Great, let’s go.” Aya swings a hand around your hip.

You flinch. “Uh, wait. Just one second.” She lets you step away. You jog back to the room you’d left.

You pull the door open, finding a calmer Kagerou sitting inside. “I’ve got something to take care of. I’ll see you…” You think. “At some point.”

“If it’s important, I could come with you. I’m sure there’s something I could help with.”

You glance back. Her brow furrows and her arms sit, rigid, in her lap. Her eyes aren’t quite manic, but they’re very tense. As if her very soul’s been stretched taut. As much as you’d like another helper or ally with you, especially for this, you’re not entirely certain you trust her. Plus, as much as the memories of her smothering mound bother you, you’re not quite ready to risk condemning even her to that book’s attentions.

“I’ll… keep you in mind. Another time.” You move to close the door just as another thought interrupts you. “But if I’m not back by this time tomorrow, could you come to the village? Just to make sure I’m okay?”

She nods, determined, and you close the door.

You catch barely a blink of Aya before she sweeps you off your feet, cradling you in her arms. She strides down the hall, toward the exit. Then she flinches and turns around, turning you with her to face Hijiri’s hard stare.

Aya bows, smushing her tits against your face. “Personal business, right, Naoko?” She straightens up.

“Right.”

Hijiri sighs. “I’m not entirely certain what that means, and I wish to urge that you stay here. But if you intend to leave, I’ll merely insist that you exercise caution. Especially around Ms. Shameimaru.”

Aya just huffs and turns on her heel. She jogs forward, kicking open a wide door.

Polished wood gives way to darkened grass.

Crickets chirp and the heavy evening heat beats down on you. Grass rustles beneath you as Aya adjusts your weight, just before the air slams you into her stomach. In an instant, the grass drops away. The trees plummet beneath you as she rockets up, carrying you into the evening sky.

Aya climbs high above the forest, slowing only slightly as she changes direction. Trees whiz past as the wind deafens you. Her arms twitch, one hand sliding down your thighs before it jerks back up.

The wind eases and you glance ahead. The brilliant orange of the setting sun burns against the deep purple clouds, set against the indigo sky. You have less than an hour before the sun’s gone, but you’re still coming off a full moon, so the night won’t be too dark if it rises soon. Of course, full moons also mean wilder youkai. They shouldn’t be as wild as Kogasa and Kagerou were, but any travel alone will be out of the question.

Trees still rush beneath you, but not at the breakneck pace they did moments before. Pinpricks of light appear among the trees, soon resolving into glow of village lanterns.

Aya shifts your weight. “Let’s get this taken care of.”

You find yourself pressed tight against Aya once more as she slows again. The trees rush toward you as she descends. There’s a jolt, blurring your vision as she rushes to the side. In an instant, you’re descending not into trees, but among the tiled roofs of village structures. Once your own feet hit the ground, you separate, a little light-headed.

Aya grabs your hand and leads you through the streets. You try to ignore, at least for now, what this all implies about the reliability of the village walls.

You find enough closed or dimly lit shopfronts to tell you you’re in the commercial district. Though, judging by the vacant streets, you must be at the very edge, likely near the walls.

You find the hard-packed dirt of village streets an odd comfort.

Still walking, Aya rubs her hair. “Sorry about that mess with the forest. I was a bit distracted.”

“It’s… fine.” Details can wait. There’s something else that’s not right. Something like-

Aya pushes you forward, snagging an arm around your shoulder and pushing you into a crouch. The sounds of evening chatter and closing shops float in from up ahead. You’re still a ways away from the main thoroughfare, but you’re approaching busier streets.

She glances left and right, waiting. Then she lets go, standing up again but placing a finger to her lips.

It takes you a moment to recover, but you catch onto a worrying thought when you do. Whispering, you ask, “Aya, what about that book? The one I warned you about?”

She waves, dismissive. “I’ve got it under control.”

She passes by a few shops, scrutinizing the entrances. Then stops. You follow her gaze, recognizing the entrance.

Suzunaan.

What the hell are you doing back here?

She inches toward it, carrying you with her.

“Aya, why are we here?”

She grins. Not cocky, but not forced either. More a smug curiosity, somehow.

“I said we’d be getting a book, didn’t I?”

She holds up the flap, scooting you inside. She slips in behind you, scanning the nearest bookshelf.

It’s… dark. The store’s empty, the lamp’s out, and no one’s home.

You don’t belong here.

You turn back to the entrance. What have you just gotten yourself into? What did Aya mean by having the book ‘under control?’ Is it gone, or just limited in some way? You’d love to wait outside while Aya does whatever questionably legal activity she has in mind, but the book could be just around the corner for all you know.

And that doesn’t even get into what other artifacts could lurk around the corners in here.

You glance across the shelves yourself, hoping for glowing purple runes or something. If you could at least get your hands on that book, you’d have one concern taken care of.

“So, about your progress.”

A dim, earthy light illuminates the building. Aya rests against the desk, a lit lamp atop it. She crosses her admittedly beautiful legs. “How are we doing?”

You scan the now visible shelves for a purple binding. “I can feel how much someone wants me, I think.”

“So how bad do I have it, then?”

You turn back, shutting your eyes. It takes a moment, but then you’re bathed in waves of foul, disgusting lust. It seeps from Aya like an overstuffed jar, packed tight but ready to explode. More disturbingly, there’s another distinct source further away, deeper in the city. Distant, but far greater and less restrained.

Either the black book’s still around, or there’s something similarly terrible lurking in the village.

You open your eyes, trembling.

Aya tuts. “That bad, huh?” She glances left and right. “Alright, let’s just do this.”

She snags your wrist and yanks you into a cubby. Working her buttons off with one hand, she places a finger against your lips with the other.

You stay silent as her shirt falls open again. You look aside as she pops her smooth black bra up.

Then a pair of fingers pinches your cheeks, dragging your face back to her naked breasts.

Aya groans. “Once we’re done, you’ll tell no one about this.”

Still holding your cheeks, she yanks her panties down and lifts her skirt. There’s an inscription next to her thin, bare pussy. ‘Naoko.’

You flush, squirming as she holds your head in place.

Then she lets go, hiking her panties back up and dropping her skirt back into place. Her shirt hangs open and her bra still sits near her neck.

Aya searches the shelf behind her, yanking books out, turning them over, and stuffing them back.

You’re left staggered, but eager for some distance, so you scoot over to a shelf near the back. You catch a mix of burgundy, ochre, and even violet books, but nothing matching your last visit.

A book clatters to the floor. You spin back, only to find Aya shrugging and moving on.

You can only pray she knows what she’s doing.

You search through a few more shelves but find little else. More books and scrolls, but nothing you recognize. Frustrated, you look back to find Aya holding a scroll to her nose, sniffing it.

She then sniffs another. What is she looking for?

And where, exactly, was that book before? Back when Kosuzu, possessed by that demonic tome, had you at her mercy. It held you near the entrance, and near the desk, specifically. You retrace your steps, returning to the desk and sliding your hand along it.

Absently, you finger the corner you’d been pressed against. In one of your life’s few mercies, it’s smooth and dry.

You scan the bookshelves nearby, recognizing a vaguely familiar pattern in their distribution.

You flinch at the sound of a scroll unrolling. Spinning around, you find Aya reading one, rubbing one of its edges between her fingers. Turning back to the shelves, you follow the patterns, looking for…

There. You find the spot where you’d last seen it. Which is now a small gap between the books. Crouching down for a closer inspection only confirms it. The purple book’s gone, at least from this spot. Unless the owner decided to do some rearranging, someone must have bought, rented, or stolen it.

Either way, you’re still no closer to solving that dilemma.

Aya rolls her scroll back up behind you.

You turn back to her. “By the way, Aya, what exactly are you looking for?”

Aya hums, striding forward. She pulls a paper seal from her shirt pocket. “Doesn’t matter; it’s not here. I found this though.” She holds it before you. “Recognize it?”

You stare at it. As far as you can tell, it’s just a paper seal. Nothing more, nothing less. “No?”

Aya folds it and stuffs it back in her shirt. “Came off that book monster. It’s a bit worn down, but it’ll suit our purposes just fine.” She peeks over your shoulder. “You’re not so lucky though, huh?”

You glance back. “Well, I wouldn’t want to steal anything, so it doesn’t matter, does it?”

Aya clicks her tongue. “It does. You’re looking for a magician’s book, aren’t you? Purple cover?”

“Yes. Does that matter?”

Aya circles you. “All the books I could feasibly use are gone, so I’d hoped yours would be an exception. Seems it’s not.” She turns to face you again, putting one hand on her hip. “For them all to disappear in less than a day, there’s only one likely explanation. The puppet must’ve taken them. A gutsier move than I would’ve expected, but maybe something set it off.”

“Puppet?”

“The evil book’s puppet. Which means we’re not solving my problem without confronting it.” She turns and rests her ass against the desk, planting her hands beneath her. Which just so happens to push her still bare breasts out. “I’ve got at best another day where I can help you and about one, maybe two more before I lose it.”

…How, exactly, is this book ‘under control?’

Aya stares at you. “I can run in and try to find your magician’s book, but only if someone else keeps the puppet distracted.” She rests a hand on her thigh. “But I don’t know exactly where the book would be, and we don’t even have any decoys anyway. So, either we hunt for volunteers, risking the exposure of our only plan, or we wait another day for better leads.”

“But then you’d be less reliable, right?”

Aya groans. “It’s worse than that.” She looks you over. “Urgh, yep. If we wait, you and I will need to do a little something first.”

Your hands fly to your breasts and crotch, pinching the apron to your skin and belt.

“I know. It’s gross. Ick, humans.” She glances away. “But I can’t spend an entire day setting this up, and then expect to pull it off, if I can’t focus.” She shrugs. “If it helps, my reputation’s on the line here, so I’d need to be very gentle.”

“What if I was the decoy?”

Aya stares at you. “What if you were to put yourself in front of the creature that most wants to fuck you.”

“If it hasn’t been caught yet, it must be trying to avoid attention, right? If I kept us somewhere public…”

Aya drums a hand on the desk. “It’s gutsy enough to raid this place. Besides, there’d be no way to keep you in the open for long at night, so we’d need to wait until morning. I might be able to get a little research in before we move, but you could bet the puppet would work hard to get you alone.”

She puts a finger up, shutting her eyes. “On the other hand, our only hope for short term recruits is either the schoolteacher or an exterminator. The teacher should be easy enough to convince but it’ll blow our cover wide open. An exterminator gives us some leeway, but we may need to offer something big for such short notice.”

She sighs, opening her eyes. “Well, it’s your ass on the line, so I guess I’ll let you make the call.” 

Jittery, you reach a shaking hand out and lay it on Aya’s thigh. “Let’s do it, I mean, you can, well, if you want to…”

She lays a hand on your shoulder, pushing her breasts to one side. “You’ll let me do you.”

You sigh. “Yes. Please be gentle.”

She scoffs, standing and turning away. “I will. But…” she turns back to you, biting her lip, “well, that doesn’t matter anymore, anyway.”

You step back, fidgeting with your apron as you scan the shelves again. You take one last glance, seeking out that book one last time. As you do so, the cool, unyielding steel rubs against your crotch. You’ll need to work around that somehow.

Aya’s already buttoning her shirt back up when you turn back to her. She soon pops the last button back in, then offers you a grin and an open hand. You accept it, which she uses to pull you in, bumping the side of her ass against your own and draping a hand across your back, settling on your hip.

Awkwardly, you slide your own across her back to grip her side. Just to keep it away from her ass.

Letting go of your arm, she guides you back to the entrance, slipping past the drape and walking out into the evening streets. A distant, violet light still shines across the horizon, leaving the village smothered a deep, dark blue, punctuated only by the wavering amber light of lanterns.

Squirming in her embrace, something bothers you. “Didn’t you dislike humans?”

She groans. “No, they’re fascinating. I just…” She waves a finger, almost drunkenly, through the air. “No offense, but I find the idea of fucking one weird and a little gross, that’s all.”

You feel yourself pout at that. “Sorry for being gross.”

She flinches. “It’s not… not that.”

She takes a deep breath. “It’s just not the kind of story I want going around.”

The two of you walk in silence, straying away from both the walls and the still-active streets.

“So, who is this puppet?”

Aya looks away. “Trust me. I’ll be with you all night and have you out of here first thing in the morning.”

“But who is she and what happens if she leaves the village?”

“She won’t, I promise.”

“Even if she finds out I’m not here. The person that you said she really wants to fuck?”

“Well…” Aya trails off, looking ahead.

Warm light pours from an open door. A shop that hasn’t yet closed.

Aya glances back, twisting you around to scan the road behind you. She looks forward again. The light flickers.

“Please, Aya. How can I trust anyone if I can’t be sure they’re not possessed by that monster?”

Aya groans. The door closes, cutting off the light.

She strides forward, carrying you with her. She slows back down once you’ve crossed the door and turns into a side alley.

In moments you find yourself amid small, musty houses. Still rubbing sides, she takes you through a few winding alleys until you’re standing before one such house, tucked tight between its neighbors. Aya lets go and pulls a key from her skirt, using it to unlock the door.

“I’ll tell you soon, okay?”

“…Alright.” You’re still not sure why she’s so evasive, but at least you’ll be getting an answer now. Hopefully.

She opens the door and you follow her inside. She closes it behind you, plunging the room into shadow.

You stand against the wall, next to the door, as Aya scoots something heavy around. Metal scrapes against stone and tiny sparks fly out, illuminating parts of the room in tiny, fitful pinpricks.

A second later, a warm, orange light bathes the room, emanating from a simple, heavy lantern atop a large crate.

This isn’t even a house. It’s just a well-built shed. There’s a pile of similar crates to one corner of the room, near the door. Notebooks, nails, dolls, and other objects litter the floor. In a distant corner, across from the crates, lie several coils of heavy rope. A pile of shirts, pants, and other garments sits against the other far corner. And, across the door from the crates, lies a single, heavy futon, rolled up and propped against the wall.

Aya shuffles about the room, gathering up the nails and dolls, then dropping them near the ropes. You find yourself drawn to the crate in the center. Scattered around the candle are loose papers. Scooting forward for a closer look, you find they’re notes, written in a language you don’t recognize.

Some Tengu script, perhaps?

Aya unrolls the futon behind you. “We’re really doing this, aren’t we?”

Your belt itches. “We don’t have to. You could just drop me off in the temple.” You find yourself tense, twitching and half-tempted to trade the threat of gang rape for this.

Aya sighs. “No, I can’t.” She strides back, circling the box until she stands across from you.

“Wait. If we’re really going to…” You swallow. “Do you have any drinks? Sake, perhaps?”

Aya grins. “Of course, Ms. Honda.” She hops over to the boxes, pries one open, and pulls out a bottle. She then pulls out a clay cup and carries both to the crate. Scooting the notes together with her forearms, she sets the cup and bottle down on an empty spot. She then shuffles all the notes together and sets them in a neat pile.

She pops the bottle open and fills the cup, handing the cup to you. As you accept it, she walks back to the crates and pulls out a box, which she carries back to the table.

She opens the box, revealing a series of plain dango skewers and a small black bottle. Popping the bottle open, she drizzles a brown syrup over the skewers, then sets the box in front of you.

She grins again. “Enjoy.”

You take a sip of the sake.

Aya clears her throat, standing across from you again and wearing what you can only describe as a ‘business face.’ “Now, we’re here so I can get my work done and stay out of your hair tomorrow. So, to that end.” Aya stares at you, wearing the kind of smile that’s excited, but gives you the feeling she’s hiding a stomach full of butterflies. “Naoko, keep your eyes on me.”

Aya grabs the sake bottle and presses it to her lips, flipping her head up. She chugs it, draining it to the last drop, then slaps it back on the crate, letting out a satisfied sigh.

You feel a bit of relief that she didn’t try feeding you any of that the way Mystia would.

She pops the red tokin cap off her head, leaning over to settle it on yours. She sways backward, away from you. It’s slow and shaky, but deliberate. You settle down, grabbing a skewer and sliding the first ball into your mouth.

It’s soft and chewy, with the right balance of sweet and salty.

Aya reaches behind her back, fiddling with something near her waist. A moment later, she slides a black belt our from her shirt, dropping it on the floor. She starts to sway again, undoing the bow underneath her collar. She drops it on the discarded belt.

She starts humming and swinging her hips back and forth.

She clears her throat, fixing her flushed face at you as she slides the top button free of her shirt. The next two follow, one after the other, slowly revealing the plain bra she’d already shown off before.

She had no problem shoving her raw pussy and tits in your face before, so why’s she worried now?

Though as the next button follows, you find yourself better able to appreciate the full weight of her breasts and the shiny fabric holding them back. You munch on the next ball as she tugs the last button free. She steps forward and leans onto the crate, providing a deep, close view of her cleavage.

It’s not as deep as others, but their firm, smooth curve makes your mouth water.

Her next grin’s still flushed and shaky, but it shows more of the cockiness you’re used to from her.

Aya pulls back, spinning slowly as she shrugs the shirt off one arm, then the other, and tosses it away.

You take another sip of sake as she faces away, her bra strap being the only barrier between your eyes and her sculpted back. She flexes, showcasing her light, toned muscles.

That’s when you notice her shimmying her skirt down her legs. But the shiny black panties atop that round ass draws your attention away. Your heart pounds as you feel the heat and moisture build. You wonder if it would really be so bad for her to pin you down and have her way with you.

You need a release. Soon.

Aya kicks her skirt off to one side and turns around. You finish your skewer, munching both balls in quick succession as she steps forward and leans toward you. Reaching around her back, she works her bra, snapping the clasp open. Gently, she reaches with one arm to pull the strap off the other. Then, sliding the other strap off, she holds the bra up against her chest, squishing her breasts together. You start munching on another skewer.

Still grinning, she slowly lifts the bra up and off, her nipples and puffy areola finally free.

She stands up straight, stepping back and tossing her bra aside. She slides her thumbs into the waistband of her black panties. She cocks her hips to one side and leans forward, largely obscuring her crotch.

As she slides the panties down her legs, your mind wanders to the thought of playing with the pussy she so brazenly shoved in your face before yet teases you with now. Oh, to make someone beg for your touch, just once. You down a long, deep gulp of sake as you start to quiver.

The panties slide over her shoes and off completely. Once discarded, she straightens back up, planting her hands behind her neck and spreading her legs.

There’s a trickle already slipping down one leg, from the pussy splayed out before you.

And you’re not too far off yourself.

But something changes when Aya straightens up and leans in. Her bedroom eyes and devious smirk bring other, darker thoughts to the fore.

She slides a hand along your cheek.

You jolt upright, spin around, and sprint for the door. Her tokin clatters to the floor behind you.

In a flash, Aya’s hard, puffy nipples press against your back as she wraps her arms around you. She spins around, drags you back, then turns and dumps you on the futon.

She drops to her hands and knees, crawling over you until her head hangs over yours.

“Idiot.” She doesn’t glare, but her lip trembles. “What the hell were you thinking?”

Your mouth opens. Then closes. “I… I don’t know. I just, I got scared. I’ve seen that kind of face before.”

She grimaces. “That’s, understandable. Maybe. But you know what’ll happen if you go out without an escort, right?”

“The puppet?”

“The puppet. She’s got people all over the village. She’s…” Aya looks at the wall, then back to you. She drops her voice to a whisper. “It’s Akyuu. She’s the puppet.”

You stare at her, she scowls back.

That’s… impossible. Anyone else. You’d accept anyone else. Without Akyuu’s work, you’d have wound up in some youkai’s basement months ago. Sure, you had some close calls from rabbits, foxes, and tsukogami who weren’t on the Memento, but Byakuren? Hell, even Aya would’ve already taken you if not for her profile.

“Look, Naoko. I promised I’ll be gentle, and that I won’t do anything you don’t allow. But you and I both know this needs to happen. And getting caught certainly won’t help either of us.” She shifts her weight, just slightly jostling her tits. “So, will you let me take your clothes off?”

You take a deep breath. Your body’s still warm and your slit still wet. You might need this almost as much as she does. “Okay.”

Aya’s face flushes, but she gives you one more, cocky grin. “I thought you’d say that.” Before you can respond, she flicks your swollen nipple. Which, now that you’re looking, pokes up through your apron. She sets her hands on your collarbone, undoing the clasp. Then, gently, she peels the cloak from your shoulders and knocks it away from your arms.

She leans down, brushing her nipples against your bust as she slides her hands under your back. You lift if up, allowing her to grab your apron’s knot.

“Trust me, I’ll make you feel good.”

“I, I’ll try to make you feel good too.”

She giggles. “Well, that’s the goal.”

In a second, she has the knot undone and pulls the tassels out. Then she leans forward, dragging her breasts near your face as she grabs the apron collar. The smell of ink and downy feathers washes over you. She slides it up and over your head, then pulls back, taking the apron with her.

Slowly, she peels it back across your body, first exposing your own bust, then your belly.

She then tosses it to the side, exposing you completely before her.

Except for your pussy, still locked behind your belt. Aya stares at it, perplexed.

“You don’t have the key, do you?”

You swallow, your mouth suddenly dry. “No, I don’t.”

“Hmm…” Aya leans forward again, until your noses touch. She plants a light, soft kiss on your lips. “So, what do you suppose we do about it?”

“We can’t just keep going with it on?”

“Hmm…” Aya presses her lips to yours again. She hums, sliding them from side to side. She pulls back.

“I don’t know. I can’t make you feel so good like this, can I?”

“Is there anything you can do about it, though?”

Aya plants one more peck on your lips, then sits up, resting her thighs on your knees. She puts a hand to her chin, looking up.

Then turns back to you. “Yes, actually. I think I can. It would break the belt, though.”

You might convince her to cuddle anyway, then try to find a better solution in the morning, but that’s playing with fire at this point. Maybe tell her where the key was last and hope she finds it.

You run your hands along her thighs. You need release and so does she, but you need to keep this belt. Aya stares back at you, half pouting, as she drags your hands to her ass. “Can I break it or not?”

Your own pulse quickens. Your pussy aches for attention, the dormant toy still sitting within its folds. Unconsciously, you squeeze her ass cheeks. You need to resolve this now, before something new interrupts your chance. But you have nothing to work with, save your own naked body and your…

Magic. You brought Murasa to an instantaneous climax using only the power you hold. Drawing your mind back, you find that reservoir still resting within you. If you shot a similar blast at Aya, you should win similar results.

She’s not the problem, really. You’re getting so needy you sort of look forward to feeling and tasting her. But if you could then fire a similar blast at yourself…

Well, you’ve no other viable options, so you might as well try.

“We don’t need to touch my belt.”

She blinks, eyes narrowing at you.

You take a deep breath, sliding one hand off her ass. You hold it over your heart, drawing streams of lush, primal energy from your core to that hand. Working from memory, you ramp up its intensity, then point one finger at Aya’s heaving tits.

“What are you doing?”

“I made a girl climax on the spot and, well, you didn’t want to fuck a human, right?”

Aya massages your sides, glancing away. “Well, yes.” Strange, she looks half disappointed. She shrugs. “This won’t make me any worse, right?”

The energy nears its peak. “Hm?”

“Your influence, this won’t make me completely addicted, right?”

The energy falters. “I… probably won’t?”

“Probably.”

Aya slides a hand down, rubbing the stubble just above your mound. She bumps her palm against your slit, cracking your focus. “You’re not really going to take that chance with me, right?”

You suck in a breath, regathering lost power. “It’ll be fine, I think.”

Her eyes narrow further, but you don’t think she’ll stop you from firing it off.

You’ve never used it on anyone but Murasa, but you’d know if it made her worse, right? You’ve never met since then, but you’d have woken up on her thighs, or Hijiri would’ve warned you about her, or something.

You also collapsed when you used it, but it was your first real use of any magic powers. Besides, Mystia and Wriggle had already beaten you down by then. Here you’d be fresh and focused. At the very least, if something terrible happens, you’d know immediately. 

You shut your eyes and fire the beam, point blank, into Aya’s chest. Her breath hitches and she locks up. Time slows and a little mewl escapes her lips. You open your eyes.

Aya remains, limbs locked, looming over you. Her breasts hang just above you and her hair grazes your cheeks. She takes a tight, shuddering breath. Then, like Murasa, she screams. High pitched and wailing, ecstatic right from the start. Then she collapses, her bust crashing down and knocking the air from your lungs. Her head thumps into the futon beside you as you wheeze, hoping to refill your lungs.

In an instant she’s quaking, wrapping her arms around you and squeezing you tight as her body convulses atop you. You force small, shallow breaths out from under her heavy bust and locked limbs. Her quaking body sends shivers through your own, inflaming the burning heat inside you.

Hopeful, you regather your waning strength, drawing energy once more to your center. It slips and flickers through the haze, but it gathers. Aya’s sweat seeps across your skin. You just need to fire off one more shot to complete this.

Aya gasps and sputters. Then, shuddering, she pulls herself back up. Hovering over you, she glances down, eyes glazed over in sheer bliss.

Well, at least you know the beam works. Now if you could just get yourself off.

Aya sighs, dreamy. She drags her lips to yours, slobbering over your mouth without the slightest care. Her tongue drags along your lips as you try to get your power back together.

Her tongue pokes your teeth. Still focused on your body, you let her slip inside. She presses her lips down as she flicks your tongue with her own. Filling your mouth, she bats at your tongue, distracting you. Hoping to calm her down, you lick hers. She drifts back. Regathering your power, you plant a hand against your side and fire.

You hiss into Aya’s throat as a warm pleasure ripples through you. Then dissipates.

Groaning, you prod her tongue again, which pulls back. You regather your strength for another shot, poking your tongue further up.

Then she pulls out from your lips entirely. You follow, licking near the base of her own tongue.

She clamps down, tugging at your tongue with her lips. You’re almost there again. She sucks down, her cheeks pressing your tongue flat against hers.

Your power snaps loose. In a panic, you drag it back together as your saliva glides up her throat.

You have it back together just as she releases you. You pat your hip and fire again.

You gasp as your own body twists and hitches, knocking Aya’s jaw from your face. You feel good, but not good enough, and you already feel the shock waning. Aya leans back as you twist and shiver. Your whole body feels warm, but the burning heat fades away, exposing only a dull need.

For a moment, you lie there, covered in your own cooling sweat, a mix of both your sticky juices pooling across your crotch and lower belly. You drag your power together again. Aya exhales as you grab your side and fire it off again. A tingle of pleasure, then nothing. Perhaps you’ll find a way to perfect it later, but it’s not working here. Not with this… distraction now fingering your hair.

You look back up to her, eyes pleading. Your only remaining hope of release tonight. “Please, I need to come. You’ll help me, right?”

She leans down again, stroking your chin. There’s a feral tint to her grin. “With pleasure.” She plants a hand on your belly.

“But…” She trails her finger down, bumping against your belt. She leans in close, eyes narrowing over her grin. “What will I do?”

You turn away, shuddering. “I don’t know. I just need this.”

Aya twists to face you, giving your lips a peck. “Aw, you’re cute.” She slides her fingers over the belt’s cross and down the grill, rubbing the flesh beneath each side.

You shiver at her touch, arching your back. Of course, all that achieves is pressing the metal of your belt to her palm. Aya glances to it, then back to you.

She grins again.

“I’ve got an idea. It’s not a good one, but it’s the best you’re getting if you insist on keeping the belt on.”

She turns and swings a leg over you. More juice drips from the pussy now hovering over your head. She leans down, kissing the grill over your pussy. Her dripping fluid hits your lips, giving you the first full taste of her desire.

You’re so needy you don’t even mind.

Aya runs her tongue down your belt, traces of her saliva dripping through. Your pulse quickens. “Wha- what are you doing?”

Aya runs her tongue in a few more circuits. “I’m doing what I can.” She wiggles her hips. “Besides, if I can’t get myself inside you…”

She lowers her hips and for once, you look forward to what awaits.

Her pussy lands on your lips. The smooth, taut skin offers welcome relief to Kagerou’s scraggly muff or Mystia’s fat mound. It’s simple, smooth and slender. Aya presses down on your crotch as you take your first, tentative lick of her leaking slit. The tight flesh resists your touch.

You rock your hips as Aya presses her knuckles to your belt, as if she’s trying to get a finger underneath it.

You slide your tongue back down her slit. Maybe, if you shove yourself deep enough in, bury yourself in her flesh and her scent, it’ll be enough.

Aya’s thighs twitch, nudging your cheeks as she lets out a moan. She pokes at your belt a couple more times. Then gives up.

She stands up, dragging her shimmering pussy out of reach as she steps over you and away. You twist and squirm as the heat dies back down. You moan, almost praying for her touch.

Then she comes back with a feathered, five-pointed fan. She leans over your crotch, running the feathers along the belt. Your thighs shake as they tickle your skin.

She pulls it up, then swats the air above your belt. A gust of air blows through the grill, tickling your pussy and reigniting your lust.

She runs a hand down your belly as she sets the fan down. Your thighs twitch and your breath hitches. She scoots forward, once more leaning over you and squeezing your left breast to support her weight. She gives you a quick peck, then lifts the fan up.

You wince, bracing yourself as she drags it back down. Wind rushes through your pussy, brushing against your flesh. You jerk, breathing out through clenched teeth. You’re shivering and warm.

Aya coos into your ear, rubbing your breast in circles.

“You said you want to come, right?”

You gulp. “Y-yes. Please.”

She chuckles, patting your belt with light, teasing swats. The wind tingles, forcing you to clench your legs together in pure desire.

“Well then…” She licks her lips. “How do I look?”

You twist to one side, splaying your legs out. You lift your back again, pushing her hand against her own bust.

“You’re… pretty.”

“Hm…” Aya drags the fan up your belt, your thighs still twitching at its touch.

“You’re very healthy, and…”

Aya lets go of your breast to pinch your cheeks together. She drags your eyes back to her chest.

“Try again.”

“Your… your breasts?”

She lets go, running the hand down your side.

“You’ve got sexy, perky tits?”

She leans back down, kissing your neck. She swats the fan across your belt, bringing another rush of pleasant but frustrating wind.

“And, and you’ve got a tight, inviting pussy.”

She swats your belt again. You gasp as a wave of pleasure ripples down your body. You’re panting now.

“And a great ass.”

She winds up for another one, only to halt it halfway down.

She places a finger across your lips, then leans back down. Her face blocks out the weak lantern light and her hot breath glides down your nose.

“One last little thing.” She flicks the fan across your belt. Your crotch jerks and the tingling rush of air. “Who’s giving you your release?”

Shuddering, you breathe out, “you.”

“And since I’m risking my reputation here, I’m sure you could do me a little favor once we’re done, right?”

You squirm. “Yes. Please just-”

“Good.” She pulls back, her breasts heaving as she leans up. She raises her fan.

She slams her fan down, stopping it just above your belt.

The air crashes through you, tearing at the soft, tender walls inside. You don’t care. You choke as your entire body arches high. A second blast of air hits you, blinding you with pleasure.

You sputter as your body burns. Tiny, gasping breathes eek through your throat as you fight through the bliss.

Then another gust hits. You scream, twisting and stretching as the climax hits. Your sight and thoughts melt away in the face of this ecstasy.

Then there’s a click and a flash, searing the room in white for a split second. You gasp, still riding it out as Aya leans back down, holding that black and gray ‘camera’ of hers. She lies beside you, pressing her breasts and cheek to your side as she holds the device out.

There’s another click and another flash.

She rolls atop you, still holding it out as her panting, sweating body presses down on you. Sliding her spare hand under your head, she presses her lips to yours once more.

Another click.

Your body eases back down as she frees your lips. You heave and moan, twitching and shivering as the lingering pleasure flows through you. For the first time in what feels like months, you feel good.

Aya sets the camera aside to cradle your head with both hands. Her eyes twinkle in the lantern light as she moves in for one more kiss.

You close your eyes, parting your lips. Her chest heaves and subsides atop you as she caresses your hair. For a split-second, her weight disappears, before her breasts and legs once more settle atop your body.

She presses a wad of sticky, elastic fabric through.

Your eyes fly open. She winces, holding a finger to her lips. She’s got a roll of rope in her hand.

“I’m very sorry, but you did just finish the job.”

She reaches down. You grab her wrists, holding them back. She stares you down.

Your arms already quake, weakened by your moment of ecstasy. The taste of sweat and pussy fills your mouth.

She pushes her hands down, pressing a strand of rope over the cloth. She then eases up, letting you push her arms back. “I don’t have to tie you up, though. Well, not if I know you’ll behave.”

You look back to her, hopeful.

“Aww, don’t go enslaving me then turn around and give me the puppy-dog eyes.” She shakes her head. “Like I keep saying, I don’t want to do anything terrible. You just keep forcing my hand.”

There’s a knock on the door.

She leans further, whispering. “Tell you what, you made me feel pretty damn good. I’m sure we can still work something out if you keep your head down.”

“Aya! I know you’re in there!”

You both freeze. You know that salty but silvery voice.

Shizuha.

Aya continues. “You know, there’s a few youkai who’d have found you by now if not for me. I want to keep things that way, but if I can’t find you…”

She hops up, jogging back to her clothes and working her bra back on. You find her shirt and skirt but can’t spot any panties on the floor. 
In moments, Aya has her full complement back together. She glances back to you, pressing a finger to her lips. Then, after a couple surreptitious whips of her fan, she opens the door, leaning out with it.

“What is it?”

“Where’s Naoko?”

You quiver. There’s an urgency to her voice, either hungry or worried. It must be concern. That someone else is getting close or something.

“She’s safe, Shizuha. Don’t you trust me?”

“Where, Aya?”

Aya groans. “Where’s the puppet?”

There’s a moment of silence. “Home. Probably asleep. You smell like her, do you know that?”

Aya shivers. “What about her minions?”

“Minions? How the hell am I supposed to know? About you-”

“Rough guess.”

“I don’t know. Most people are asleep. She talked about helping ‘lost villagers’ earlier, but hasn’t mentioned anyone by name. Not publicly, at least.”

“Good, good.”

An evening breeze picks up outside, blowing against the walls.

“She’s here, isn’t she?”

Aya grumbles, then whispers something. You strain to listen in. You catch a warning, almost chiding tone from Aya, and something about ‘control.’

More silence. Shizuha coughs. “And you’re better?”

Aya fidgets. “Better than the puppet.” Aya leans further, only her skirt and her long, healthy legs remaining in view. “Are you going to do your part, or demand I give you a turn?”

The wind dies down. You listen further. Silence.

Then hasty, stumbling footfalls. She ran away.

You’re alone with Aya.

She swings back inside and shuts the door. She swaggers back toward you, then steps over you and leans down. Peeling your sheets back, she flicks a pair of fingers over your mouth and lifts her panties out.

She pats your head. “Good job. Buuut…” She squats down next to you, dropping her panties on your stomach. “We’ve got somewhere to be.” She stands up, kicks off her skirt, and drops it on your face.

“Put those on. We’re...” She scrunches her brow for a long moment, then fixes a stare on you. “Oh screw it, I just want an excuse to show off a little bit longer.”

“Show off?”

She looks left and right, groaning. “Just get dressed, Naoko.”

You lift her wet panties off your stomach. You swallow, but scrunch up your legs and slide them up. The belt presses out against the fabric. A bra flutters over your face as you grab the skirt. Peeling the bra off, you find Aya already naked again and pulling your apron over her head.

You tug Aya’s skirt up your legs and sit up to pull the bra down your arms. Then a pair of hands grabs the straps behind you, snapping it shut. You suck in a breath. It's a bit too tight this time, but you'll bear with it. Anything to make assault just that little bit more difficult.

Aya throws her shirt over you and pulls you up. Pushing your arms through the sleeves, you button it up. She ties off a slender ribbon in the skirt and pats you down, straightening it all out. She slaps your ass, then circles around.

“Wow. You look like a smaller, more timid me.” She leans down, away from you and all but shoving her ass in your face as she picks your cloak up. Throwing it over her shoulders, she shuts the clasp and grabs your hand.

You give your new shirt a sniff. You smell like an Aya-scented orgy.

Satisfied, she pulls you to the door and, pulling it open, she steps out into the night, taking you with her.

You open your mouth, only for her to shush you. “I want to hear a lot more about my body, but first things first.” She turns around, pulling a key from inside her cloak, and locks the door. Then, dropping the key back in the cloak, she spins back around and grabs your hand.

She drags that hand inside the cloak and presses it to her far ass-cheek. Then, draping her other arm over your hip, she marches down the road.

At least she’s got a firm ass.

“So, I’ve got a special present for you. Want to guess what it is?”

“Somewhere safe to hide?”

Aya glances aside. “Well, you’re on the right track. Anyway, sorry about the whole ‘Shizuha’ thing. It just wouldn’t have looked good. She’s really attached, you know. I can’t say her heart’s entirely in the right place, but...” She looks into the sky. You’re passing into proper neighborhoods now. “It’s close. She’s been so worried though, and she already knows how bad I’ve got it.”

Her stilted shoes click across the smooth stones. You wander some moments in silence. She stops.

“Remember what Shizuha did last night?”

“Which part?”

Aya grins. Then sweeps a leg under you, knocking your knees out in front of you. Then, facing the village center, she scoops you into her arms and leaps into the air. She performs a backflip, sailing over a couple houses, then clearing the wall. She lands just outside, staring at the village’s stonework, then turns in the opposite direction.

“That part.” She adjusts your weight, then takes off running. Lights flare to life around you as her pumping feet jostle you against her bouncing breasts. The warm yellow of fireflies dances near you while the more kaleidoscopic lights in the distance suggest fairies.

Aya weaves between trees and leaps over bulging roots. A burst of light explodes just behind you. You glance back to find a red fairy, with two others—one orange, one blue—close by. None of the noteworthy ones, as far as you can tell.

More shots streak by. Small bolts of fire, frost, and various lights. At some point, Aya kicks off and just flies through the woods, greatly easing the motion of her unbound bust. Why does everyone fly so close to the ground?

“I can fly too, you know.”

“Not half as fast as I can.”

Tress and branches whiz past you as Aya keeps ducking and weaving through the increasingly dense canopy. The pale moonlight grows increasingly dim as the trees grow ever larger and closer together.

You must've entered the forest of magic at some point. The light grows ever dimmer, but Aya doesn't even slow. Soon, all is dark save for distant pools of faint moonlight. You must be deep inside by now.

Then those pools of light wink out.

Your weight plunges into Aya’s gut as she brakes, throwing her feet out front to stop on a tree.

A high-pitched, childish giggle echoes around you. Then crashes into you, knocking you out of Aya's arms and into the hard, course roots below. She fumbles over you, hands literally groping over your breasts. She's dazed. And at least a head shorter than you.

“Hey baby, wanna let me ‘eat’ you?” The voice comes out deeper than the giggle, but squeaky.

“No.”

Aya groans.

The voice rockets back to it’s higher register. “Maybe just a little bit? How about kissing, is that okay? Some petting?”

You shiver, remembering Mystia. “No.”

“What? Come on! It’ll be awesome! Please? I haven’t had a good lay in decades. Do you have any idea what fairies are like in bed? They can’t focus! They’re all excited at first, but…”

Someone lifts her off you.

“She’s already fucked me, let her rest.”

“Aww… How about tomorrow?”

“Ask her then.” Aya’s footsteps move toward you. She grabs your collar and hauls you up. “We're close enough. You like surprise presents, right?”

You're not sure if it's her tone or the utter darkness, but a chill slips down your spine. “What kind of surprise?”

She dusts you off. “Remember what you left the village for?” She spins you around and rubs your back. “Now, just remember that you've got me all enthralled. Go ahead and date or love or marry or fuck whoever you want, but if you ever get a booty call from me...” She whispers. “You'd better come running. Otherwise I might need to make do with... someone else. And I sure as hell won’t be gentle.”

She shoves you forward.

You stumble across dry, dusty dirt. Then trip on plush carpet before tumbling into the side of a deep, wide, and impossibly soft bed. You spend a moment lying there, perplexed. She’d spent just about every moment with you talking about restraints this and kidnapping that, but now that she’s even deeper under, she just lets you go with some vague threat?

A door clicks shut behind you. Light returns, revealing an opulent bedroom. Deep red carpet and sheets. Dark, polished marble walls. A pile of wide pillows at the left end of the bed, flanked by masterwork nightstands. A delicately framed, full-body mirror by the mahogany door you just came from. Another matching door across from it. Then, at the far end of the room, across from the foot of the bed, is one more door, this time decorated in silver and gold.

A suite of full-size mannequins flank that door, each wearing some elaborate dress or lingerie in a range of colors from white and pink, to violet and crimson.

You lie there, sinking into the bed's embrace, almost embarrassed to stain it with your presence. And Aya's sweat.

Then the side door opens, across the bed. Out steps Mystia Lorelei, ears splayed and wings curled around her moist skin, hid only behind the pink towel wrapped around her torso.

You pick yourself up and step, slow and careful, back to the door you came from.

She sees you, freezes, and ducks back into the room she came from, slamming the door behind her.

You turn around and tug open the door you came from, only to find a large closet. More dresses and lingerie hang from poles running along the walls, but so do gorgeous kimonos and more outsider-y tops and bottoms.

The door behind you slides open in slow, shuddering movements. You turn around to find Mystia steal a glance at you before ducking back inside.

You’re finally where you wanted to be, but you’re stuck with Mystia and one door that might get you away from her. Her timidity could suggest she’s calmed down like Aya seemed to, but it may only mean she fears scaring you off again. 
You decide to keep your mouth shut and lift one foot forward, keeping your eyes peeled on Mystia’s door. You drop that foot down, lifting the other behind it. You wait a moment, almost holding your breath. Silence. You slip around the bed, brushing past the carved oak posts at each corner. Step by quiet, nervous step, you inch toward her door.

The soft light of the ceiling domes does little to ease your rising nerves.

You’re not strong, brilliant, or fast. But maybe she isn’t either. You have a little magic and one particularly bizarre power. You shut your eyes, feeling her rank lust wash over you. Amid all the filth, she holds still, just on the other side. You look down, hovering your hand just over the knob.

It’s sleek, elegant. Shaped like a lever but curving like a sensuous tongue. Your heart hammers its distress into your ears. You breathe out, quiet but shaking.

You grip the knob and twist, slamming the door open. Mystia stares at you, taken aback as her hard, brown nipples pop free of a falling towel. For a split-second, your eyes wander to the bush you’d…

You slam three pink hearts into her gut. You feel it now, just a little. More lust ripples out from the hits but her overflowing reservoir fails to grow.

Thank god.

She spins toward the wall, throwing her hands up. You round on her and swing your arm out, firing off another volley. She ducks away, toward the center. Then a wave of green light bathes the dark marble surrounding you.

Pale balls of light smash into you, knocking you against a hard, stone shelf. Groaning, you stare down the cocky grin of your assailant as she conjures more of those terrible orbs. You fire off another round of hearts. They whiz through the air now, but she still avoids them. You hurl yourself to one side as the next volley crashes down on you.

One of the smaller orbs clips you, burning your side and sending you reeling into the wall. You fire another round. She dodges again, then stops.

Dozens of red and blue spheres pop into existence around her, flying out as they appear. You pump out your own swarm of hearts and fire them off as fast as you can, then dodge to the side.

It’s not even close. A red ball crashes into your shoulder, then a blue into your leg. Then another blue into your head. You crumple, knees splaying as your ass thumps into the wet tile.

She stops. Her grin grows devious. Her bare feet slap across the wet tile as those long, soft legs carry her toward you. She kneels and places a hand on your shoulder.

“Are you… feeling okay, Aya?”

What? You glance down. Right. Her clothes. Her scent. Mystia’s smile darkens again.

You fire another heart into her gut. She staggers back. You haul yourself up and heave forward, grabbing at her shoulders. She slams into the wall beside the door, your hands having landed on her tits instead. She blushes, breathing hard. Her eyes stare deep into yours. Her eyelids fly out.

“Naoko? Is that you?”

You cup her crotch. Hand shaking, you ready another shot, bathing her pussy in pink light.

“Don’t move a muscle.”

She stares back at you, intense and bright red. You keep your eyes hard and steady.

She twitches. Your heart pounds. You’re a hair’s-breadth from becoming her plaything again. Your hand shakes.

Her eyes narrow. You stare her down. Your hand vibrates as you hold the shot. She licks her lips. Small droplets slide from her damp hair, down her neck.

“Feeling frisky, Naoko?” She swats your thigh.

You fire, small hearts exploding across her mound. She screams, collapsing into you. Still gripping her pussy, you force energy through your hand one more time. Your whole arm shakes, but her crotch lights up again.

“Ow, ow, ow. Shit, Naoko. Did you really ha-”

Her pussy starts to vibrate. She leans back, looking down. She winces, giving you a sheepish grin.

“I’ll be good.”

You let go, keeping your shaking hand trained on her. “Turn around.”

She obliges. You grab her ass, reminding her of your vibrating threat.

“Walk.”

She obliges. You guide her around the door and back out into what must be the bedroom.

She pants. “You know, Naoko, th-”

“Shut up.” Your body aches. Your hand throbs. You have maybe a couple seconds left to secure her before your last shot winks out. You pick up the pace, marching her to the bed. You eye the posts. They’re not terribly thick, but they’ll have to do.

You shove her forward. She crawls onto the plush crimson blanket. You freeze. You throw your gaze around. Fancy clothes near the untested door, with a few more in the closet. You look down your own body. Nothing useful.

Mystia coughs, almost demurely. “There are-”

You hold an open palm out. “Wait here.” You step back, away from her and toward the closet. Taking one last glance at her, you throw the door open again and rush in. You throw rows of hanged clothes aside, finding chests of accessories you don’t recognize. Not immediately, at least. You rush from one side to the other. Then from there to the back. Finally, you find something recognizable. A slick, shiny pair of deep red handcuffs. You snatch them from the chest, spotting a matching, heavy collar nearby. That thing must reach from the chin to the shoulder. You grab it too and rush back out.

Mystia sits at the edge of the bed, stretching her wings as her feet swing out, thumping a lazy rhythm against the base.

You march forward. You snag one wrist, pulling it to the nearest post. She sets it by the post herself, sliding the other next to it. You wrap a cuff around one wrist and snap it shut, then snap the other cuff on her.

You step back, letting out a shaking, relieved breath. Mystia tugs her wrists back, catching on the bedpost. She pulls. The post holds firm. She arches her back, heaving against the post. It holds. A disbelieving giggle tumbles off your dry tongue. You’ve done it. You’ve…

She squeezes her thighs. She flutters her eyes, still flushed. She’s already stained the blanket underneath her.

She twists her wrists. “So, uh, what now?”

You have no fucking clue. You could just… leave her there, probably. The post connects to a rectangle of wood above her, so she’s not likely to escape. You could just find Lady Matara or her lackeys, work out habitation arrangements, wait out the village fiasco, and so on. Maybe come back later if you really want to worry about Mystia’s feelings.

But there’s something that puzzles you. Besides the fact that this room just happened to have those cuffs and… you’re still holding the collar. Which is where Mystia’s eyes rest right now. She licks her lips.

You laugh, a little nervous. “You didn’t buy my bluff, did you?”

Mystia blinks, flexing her arms around the post and focusing back on you. “Bluff? You mean you’re not going to play with me?”

What? “No. I mean, I never intended…” You suck in a breath, trying to figure out how to explain…

Mystia giggles, light and soft. “Sorry, sorry. But hey,” she bows her head, “would now be a bad time to apologize for earlier?”

“Earlier.”

“When I raped you.” She sucks in a breath. “Sorry about that. My bad.”

You stare, disbelieving. “That’s it?”

She tilts her head, her voice dropping to an almost sensual tone. “Well, if you want a little more contrition, you could always try to ‘extract’ some.” Her shoulders twist and shiver, rippling out to her wings.

A moment passes. Did she just try to egg you on? Pull you into some weird roleplay? Is there even a good way to respond?

She shakes her head. “I mean, I’m really sorry. Honest.” She looks down. Her ears flutter. “I don’t suppose you could give me another try?”

There’s a voice in your head, screaming at you not to say it. But you can’t resist. “No.”

Mystia sags, letting out a sad sigh. You feel euphoric. You’re in control. You got to say ‘no’ to her and watch her squirm.

And she probably won’t get to gut you or rape you for it.

She looks up, giving you a nervous smile. “You remember what Wriggle wanted to make you?”

You don’t quite glare at her. “Is it really that different from what you wanted?”

She shrinks into herself. “She wanted a slave, right? For you to be her personal property?”

You let out a tight, clipped breath. “That’s the impression I got, yes.”

“What if we started off like that?”

You pause, staring at her. She hugs her legs and wings to her body, covering her nipples and pussy. “I do whatever you want. If I step out of line, you leave.”

“You’d just pin me down if I tried.”

Mystia looks away. “That’s not true! I…” She looks the other way, dropping her wrists near her feet. “You need someone watching your back. I know I don’t seem like anyone you could trust right now, but I swear that if you even tried to leave, it would hurt. You could hold that over me, if you have to.”

No, no, no. You’re not buying it. “And just why would you want that?”

She hurls her gaze away, burning red. “I…” She fidgets her wrists. “I want your heart more than your body.”

“And you’d just do anything I said for that?”

There she goes, blushing again. “Anything. I could help carry things for you or negotiate for you. Or help navigate strange places.”

“Like here?”

Mystia sweeps her eyes across the roof, then the silver door, before turning back to you. “A little. I also know you’ll need someone to help you fight people. Especially,” she smirks, “given your performance here.”

Now it’s your turn to blush. “I panicked!”

She giggles. “It’s fine, it’s fine. Trust me, these things take time to learn. Besides, I’m sure I could give you a few tips.” She quiets down, staring at you. But stealing glances to the collar.

“So, what do you say? Want your own personal songbird?”

“But seriously, anything?” You give her a hard stare.

“Anything.” She fixes you with a firm and resolute, but decidedly red stare of her own.

It’s tempting. You’re still not sure you’re safe yet and the thought of having a youkai at your beck and call does allure you. But a youkai’s just about the last thing you want watching your back, especially after what she pulled. You don’t have the keys for her cuffs on hand, but they’re probably somewhere back in the closet.

You know what, you can do two things at once. You step to the side and deposit the collar beside Mystia’s bare ass. She glances at it, the barest hint of a smile beneath her twitching eyes.

You return to your previous position at the foot and adopt a wide stance, planting your hands on your hips.

The small chain between Mystia’s wrists clinks as she rubs them together, giving you a pensive smile. You decide to start this off simple.

“Chirp.”

She chirps, a questioning tone to her voice.

You step forward. “Again.”

She chirps again, audibly nervous. You advance.

She has her knees folded on the bed before her, her big breasts facing you behind an arm hanging to the side. Her wings fold behind her.

“Caw.”

Mystia stares at you, blank. “I… can’t do that.”

“Try.”

Her throat wobbles, then she chirps again, shriller this time.

You fold your arms. She gives you a wobbling but cocky grin. It makes you feel just a little like Wriggle, but you need to wipe that smile off her face. Not because she captured, confined, and raped you of course. It’s just that you need to know she’s serious.

“Tweet.”

She gives you a soft, warbling tweet. Her arms twist, baring those rigid brown nipples again. Maybe she’s just cold, but her body just sets you on edge.

You plant your hands on the mattress on either side of her thighs and stare into her flitting eyes. She wiggles her arms, thumping the post next to her.

“Sing for me.”

She stutters a bit, coughs, then belts out a screeching refrain. “Well we can’…”

You plant two fingers on her lips and she quiets back down. “You’ll speak when I let you. Give me some birdsong.”

You pull back, standing straight and folding your arms again. Her eyes go straight to your still clothed bust when you do.

She opens her mouth, then coughs. She clears her throat, shutting her eyes and wiggling her hips.

She tweets once, then twice. She chirps, shrill and clipped. Then again, a bit lower. She turns her head away, eyes still shut, and lets out a long series of low, warbling chirps. She’s turning red again.

Good.

Her wings extend outward as her chirps rise back up in pitch. It sounds at first like a quiet conversation in a strange language, but as her tone rises and falls, it takes a more melodic turn.

She sways back and forth, producing an interlude of slow tweets.

“Now dance.”

She chirps again, strangled and shrill. She opens her eyes and looks back to you.

You stare back. “Well?”

Mystia’s eyes flit between you and her wrists. She tilts her head and blinks, somewhere between pleading and confused. You remain silent.

She shuts her eyes and sways from side to side, sliding her legs over the edge. She swings each one out, thumping against the bed as her hum grows louder. She stops, rubs her hands, and swings her legs together from side to side. She stops again, hunching down. She clears her throat, faces the post, and hums, her wings bouncing just slightly as she opens her eyes and looks around. She rolls her shoulders.

Mystia shifts across the mattress and swings one leg off the other side, putting the post directly between her thighs. She opens her mouth, the faint stirrings of her voice slipping out before she shuts it again.

You step around her, positioning the post directly between her and you.

She closes her eyes and starts tweeting again. She sways from side to side, sliding her hands up the post. She pulls herself up, then slides back down. She chirps and twirls around it, sliding her legs over and off the bed as she turns her bare back to you.

She’s shaking as she swings her head from side to side and twirls again, sliding her legs back over the bed. She stops chirping and tweeting, dropping to a low hum as she throws her legs out. Still blatantly red, she slides her ass back into the bed, sliding the post between her engorged breasts. She gives you a low, drawn out tweet as she straightens back up.

She swings around the pole again and spreads her wings and legs, jutting her ass out at you. She pants, chest heaving and wings twitching. She looks down and away from you.

Silence.

This… does not reassure you.

You haul back and bring your open palm crashing onto her ass. She yelps and bolts upright. Shivering, she turns around again, once more planting that ass on the bed.

She positions the pole to one side and shuts her legs, giving you a defensive, sheepish grin.

You step around the post and place a hand on her head. You stroke her hair.

Her ears flutter.

“Spread your legs.”

She blinks. Then she blinks again. Her grin drops all defenses as it breaks out across her cheeks. Breathing heavy, her thighs part, opening the lips just slightly.

You stand between her legs.

You drag your hand from her hair to her face, presenting its back to her lips.

“Give me a kiss.”

She gives your hand a soft, almost reverent peck.

That’s better. Hopefully.

You wait. She smiles back up to you, expectant.

Her eyes flick from her spread pussy to your hands to your face.

Her cuffs jingle as she stretches her arms.

You lean down, bringing your face a hair’s breadth from her own, feeling her lavender-scented breath blow across your face. You rub her thighs.

You watch her nostrils inflate and deflate, her eyes dancing from side to side, her face red. Her legs twitch. You lean back.

You give her pussy a light swat and take two steps backward.

She gives you a disappointed chirp.

You turn away, looking back to the closet. “Rule number one. You will wait as long as I damn well please for the privilege of my touch or my body.” You sigh, turning back to her. “Understood?”

She nods, submissive.

You turn around and walk back to the closet. Her blatant desire leaves you nervous, but she’s shown a willingness to follow embarrassing orders. It’s almost more than you dare hope for.

It takes only a little digging to find a host of ‘toys’ like what you just used on her. Behind the dresses and lingerie rests a series of fancy but heavy-duty boxes of different colors. The box you got your first batch from happens to be colored the same red as the cuffs and collar. And the contents all show a similar hue. Color-coordinated padlocks hang from the closed latches of other boxes.

Yet this one’s wide open. Did someone open it before you arrived? If so, who had they intended to use these on? Are there any other restraints lying around?

You root through the box for a few moments, debating on which contents to pull from it. But you decide not to make the choice yet. Instead you close the lid and sink into a squat. Slipping your fingers underneath it, you haul it up and plant it against your gut.

It’s heavy, but with a quick turn and a few hurried steps, you have it out of the closet and about a pace away from Mystia. With a hard thump, you let it down.

Mystia’s eyes go wide. Her mouth twitches. She looks at you and tweets, inquisitive.

You stare back at her. “You want me to give you another chance, right?”

She nods.

“Good.” You sort through the box, finding a corset with a strap running underneath, two straps hanging off the top, and cuffs attached to the sides with more padlocks. Figuring it’s as good a place to start as any, you pull it out and approach her. It doesn’t open in the back, so you bring it to her feet.

She lifts them off the ground, letting you slide it up. She stands up, letting you slide it all they up until the bottom pulls taut over her crotch and the top bumps against the underside of her breasts. You drop onto the bed and fiddle with the straps on her back.

“Are you really sure about this, Mystia?”

She gives you a quiet tweet.

You blush. “You can speak now.” You work around the strap dangling off her back to tighten and secure the first buckle.

Subdued, she speaks. “Yes.”

For a moment, your heart pounds. You work through the next few buckles, tightening them. There’s an intensity to her voice that warms your heart. And chills your spine.

You finish the last buckle and return to the box. You rifle through the assortment of cuffs, eying her legs the whole time. You find a matching set of cuffs with a similarly short chain and return to her, bringing them up near her knees.

Her veil of nervous dedication evaporates into wide-eyed panic. She sputters. “It’s okay! I promise. I won’t…”

You send her a muted glare. “You said you’d do anything, right?”

She looks down, rubbing her thighs. “It’s completely unnecessary, isn’t it? You know I’d never run from you.”

You eye the zipper running down her crotch strap. “Anything. Yes or no.”

She groans. “Okay.”

You pat her hip. “We can take them off later. If you behave, of course.”

She gulps, then slides one leg out.

You fix one cuff around the thigh and tighten it, then seal the padlock hanging from it. You swing around the other side to affix the other cuff. You rub Mystia’s side.

Finishing that, you step back. That strap still hangs off the front of her corset. Mystia’s legs squirm, now tied together.

Returning to the box, you root through the side compartments until you find a silver key. You return to Mystia and take a deep breath. You hear her heartbeat.

You insert the key into one wrist-cuff.

It clicks.

She pulls her hand free.

You stand and stare at her, one foot poised to flee.

She presents her other hand.

You take the cuffs off and toss them back in the chest.

She stands up, stretching her wings and arms wide out. She looks at you.

She sighs.

She sets her wrists inside the open cuffs hanging from her corset.

You step near and close one cuff. You tighten and lock it. She smiles at you, warm but tight. You seal her other wrist to its side.

She pulls at her cuffs. They hold.

She pouts. “That’s enough, right?”

You eye her up and down. She can’t hold you or force-feed you her pussy. But you’re not quite happy.

You reach around her and pull the collar from the bed. She looks at it.

“Do I have to?”

“Yes.” You wrap it around her neck and seal it shut.

With yet another padlock.

You lift the corset strap and run it between her breasts, finding that it attaches to the collar. You attach it and walk behind her, finding the matching strap to have a similar link that the back of the collar matches. You run that strap between her wings and attach it.

Finally, you return to the chest and after a quick search, you find a red ribbon leash and what appears to be a ball-type gag. You grab both and close the box, where you find one more padlock hanging off the edge. Your key fits it.

You lock the box and drop your key in Aya’s shirt pocket. You then attach the leash to Mystia’s collar and give it a light tug, holding the gag in one hand.

“How do you feel?”

Mystia squirms, half her body now immobilized.

“Cramped.” Then she blushes. Again. “I don’t mind being the bottom here, but did you have to use so many of these?”

You cock an eyebrow. “I could’ve sworn you wanted me to tie you up.”

She twists from side to side, wiggling her elbows as she pulls at her cuffs. “I… well, that’s half true…”

“The other half?”

She pouts again, mumbling. “Well, you know. I wanted you to, to tie me down and fuck me.” She looks to the bed. “But I did say we’d do some pet-play. I’d love to be your pet, by the way. At least until we upgrade to lovers again.”

You look to the door.

You look back at her and her obscene breasts still hanging out over the corset. You look to the gag still lying in your hand.

You think you’re back somewhere in that backdoor realm, which is great. So long as your new hosts don’t get any weird ideas themselves. You poke through your shirt at her bra straps, still pressing into your skin.
You can’t help the evil twitch at the edge of your lips. You give Mystia’s leash a tug and she approaches, one timid step at a time. You lean in close, feeling her excited breath wash over you again. “Close your eyes.”

Her eyes flutter closed as she puckers her lips. You wait only a second before you bring the ball to her lips and press. Her brow furrows and her stubborn lips twitch. Her eyes open, questioning, or perhaps pleading. You push and for another rebellious moment she resists. Then she allows the ball to slide behind her lips and through her teeth until it hits her throat, stretching her jaw wide open to accommodate its sheer, curving girth.

Satisfied, you step around her and pull at the straps, buckling it tight against her head.

You run your fingers across the rigid frame of her wings. She groans a quiet, muffled protest. You hum, rubbing the crescent depressions. No response. Your hand slides back up, out, and down, eliciting a shiver as you hit the base. You smile as your tone drops close to menacing. “Say, Mystia, did I ever tell you how I managed to satisfy Wriggle?”

“Hwogh…” She shivers.

You pull one hand back and slip a finger under her back strap, between her shoulder blades.

“Would you like to find out?”

She shudders and pauses, shuffling her thighs. She bows her head, small tremors running up and down her body. She nods. Your hands slide back up her wings, then clench around the crescent depressions, your fingers sinking into the smooth feathers.

“Good.” You reach around and grab the leash. Letting go of her wings, you step back toward the bed and give a hard tug. She flinches, then twists toward you, stumbling on her bound thighs. She wobbles and rights herself, swinging her hips to compensate for her tiny steps. You stop, the bed just behind you as you beckon her close.

You sit down, lifting Aya’s skirt to flash her your belt. The one she helped force you into, even if you’ve since found a use for it. She leans forward, muffled, gurgling pants eking past the red ball in her jaw. You slide a leg over her shoulder, pulling her close. Then plant a bare foot against her face.

She takes a long, loud sniff. Her eyelids slide down as she lets out a long and happy, but muted sigh.

You throw your leg off and give her face a light kick, pushing her off your foot. You stand, yanking her back by her leash. She stops, teetering a hair’s breadth from your body.

“A-anyway. That’s one of the things she made me do.” You shudder. “Maybe I’ll show you the other one later.” She’d probably enjoy that as well.

You wrap your hands around her back, pulling her into a hug. She yelps as you kiss the hard ball between her lips. You reach down, giving her ass a light swat. She rewards you with another yelp.

You step aside, slipping under and around her wings to grab her ass. You give it a squeeze, eliciting a garbled moan. You give her ass a light smack. Then raise your hand high and spank her so hard her knees bump into the edge of the bed.

Her wings flutter in panic, long flight feathers slapping you and buffeting you back. In response, you run a hand up her corset and shove her into the sheets.

You crash a hand across her ass, cheeks bouncing against your palm. She wiggles. You spank her again. She squirms. Another slap.

You rain blow after blow on her bouncing bubble ass, alternating hands until she stops squirming. Finally, your hands stinging from the assault, you rub her reddened ass.

“I still don’t remember how we first met, you know. Not all of it anyway.”

You grab beneath her gut and push, bunching her wings beneath her as she rolls over. Twitching eyes greet you as her obscene tits side back into view.

You climb up, plopping your ass on her lap and pushing her down. You plant your hands on her heavy breasts, pressing and rolling them around. She closes her eyes, an almost serene expression dirtying her face.

You push her fowl tits back, grinding into them. She wiggles and blushes. You let go.

“You cornered me in the woods, correct?”

“Ghgfh nh-”

“Yes or no.”

She winces but gives you a slow nod.

“Did I ask you to leave?”

She nods. You squeeze her fowl tits.

“Did you?”

She shakes her head.

“Did I try to leave?”

She nods.

“Did you let me?”

She shakes her head.

You lean close, breathing down her nose. “Do you see why I might have felt a little worried? Why I might have caved, just to get away?”

She lets out a muffled whimper.

“And I’m sure you had a great reason for kidnapping me when your first attempt failed.”

She stares you dead in the eyes and nods.

“And leaving me with Wriggle just for her help. And threatening to sic her on me if I didn’t behave.”

She looks away.

“And forcing… no, raping me when that didn’t work.”

She squirms under you. You sigh, slide back, and lean down. You lick her now soft nipple.

She twitches. You kiss it, sending a shiver down her body. Predictable.

You unzip her crotch strap, sliding a finger in her hot, moist pussy. She moans.

You pull your finger out, flicking her juices off, and bite down, sinking your teeth into her areola. She squeals.

You sink deep but stop short of breaking her surprisingly tough skin. You pull up and shoot a hand out.

You clench her cheeks. “If you ever pull that again, we’re done.”

Her wings curl against her body. She looks away, blinking fast. She nods.

You take a deep breath. “Now that we’ve cleared that up, let’s talk about your future. You still want to show your face around me. Not just right now, but in the future.”

She peeks back at you but doesn’t otherwise move.

“You want me not to try to forget you even exist. Or to leave behind the hell you gave me. Is that about right?”

She sniffles and blinks. And nods.

“You know what?”

She peeks up. You groan. “I’ve been thinking. You’re right. I need someone to watch my back. And right now, a rapist is the only option I have.”

She flinches again. Her eyes widen, wet but hopeful, and her wings unfurl.

“It’s a long shot, but…” you wrap your fingers around her thick, hard nipples, “if you behave, maybe we can work something out. Besides,” you settle her with another glare, “I never did get a chance to express to any of you just how I felt about your abuses.”

Your fingers jerk, twisting her nipples as far as they’ll go. She groans, her hands sprawling open in a vain attempt to do something. You hold her there for a few moments, lifting her a hair by her breasts. You then let go. She drops, panting through her nose.

You pat her breasts. Then turn around. You rub the edge of her slit, wetting your fingers.

You take a deep breath and press a finger inside her tight folds and feel for your power. Still there.

You pull it together, gathering it near your core. Your body protests, but you shove its relentless whining aside. You’ll rest once you know you have this bird wrapped around your finger. Once you know you’re safe around her. The energy still slips and fades, but less than it once did, allowing you to concentrate it faster and stronger than before.

Yet still you wait. Your chest soon throbs and your head pounds, but you keep at it. Your whole body starts to vibrate, but you hold it in just a little longer.

Your limbs soon grow cold and numb. Taking a breath, you plant your palm to her open pussy and fire.

Raw lust blasts out and into her pussy, splashing back out in heavy, cascading waves and bathing the room in a deep, blinding pink. She screams and a goes rigid, but you continue to fire. Soon the lust saturates the air, rippling through you with its revolting taint. Mystia bucks, throwing you off just as it peters out.

You tumble over her wing to the sheets beside her as she spasm and twists, now moaning, voice hoarse.

Shivering, you push yourself up, only to tumble back down. Your limbs shake like wet noodles as you take in erratic, gasping breaths. Mystia’s stomach undulates as her scream stutters off. Arching as high as her corset allows, she twitches and spasms, her body going rigid again.

Waiting a moment for the shaking to die down, you crawl back around her wings. Step by shaking step, you pull yourself back over her body until your quaking hands hold you over her bulbous breasts.

“If-” you take a breath. “If you ever want to feel like that again, you will do everything I say. You will refrain from doing anything I don’t approve of. Do you understand?”

You then notice her glazed-over eyes. Erratic gasps burst from behind her fat gag. Shit. Your arms give out and your head crashes into those filthy breasts. Sight, sound, and smell bleed into the ether.



A faint impression of soft blue.

“The door’s still there, but I do think I know where it came from.” A familiar voice from a strange place. Makes you think of round fluffy things. “Proud old lady with some dirty habits, but I think we can keep her out for a while. Hmm?” A pause. “Oh, my. I’d be very careful abo…”



You wake atop the soft, smooth, soaked flesh of Mystia’s bust. She pants and moans. Coarse metal scrapes together as she squeezes her legs. She twists beneath you, her eyes moist and pleading. Her hands, still shackled to her sides, clench and release. The fat crimson ball still stretches her lips back and garbles her pleas into incoherence. Her sweat seeps into the bed beneath her.

Your own body still tingles. You doubt you’ll use any magic soon.

You run a hand down her twitching arm. “Did that feel good?”

She nods, feverishly.

“And do you want to ever feel that again?”

She nods again, gasping.

“Then you’ll do everything I say, no matter how frustrated or horny you get?”

A spasm rocks her body. She sucks in a breath through her nose. She nods.

You pat her belly. “How did Wriggle put it? Oh yes. ‘Good girl.’”

You sigh, then reach around her head and unlock her gag. Gently, you pull it back.

She looks to you, biting her lip. She jerks her elbows and squeezes her legs.

You sigh. “Spit it out.”

She inhales. “Promise…” she pants, “not… mad?”

“Sure.”

She winces. “Please. P-please. Touch… me. Or-or… f-u-uck. Me.”

She twists, squeezing her legs again.

A door opens. You turn and sit up, finding the distant, silver door open and a pair of willowy woman in plain yellow dresses approach, lips tight. Long but well-trimmed, golden blonde hair obscures their eyes and descends behind them, past their knees. A simple, plush black hat sits atop each head.

They stop, one at each side, just before the bed.

“Name, intruder.” An airy, almost ringing voice.

You turn to Mystia and back. “I’m Naoko. A… An acquaintance, I guess, sent me through. You’re not going to…”

They exchange a glance.

“Naoko Honda.”

“Yes?”

“Come with us.” The other one this time. Her voice is also airy, but quite a bit heavier. Something about it sounds off.

Mystia groans. “Could this wait a minute or two?”

“No. Come with us, Ms. Honda.”

“You’re just going to leave Mystia here?”

“She may follow. Now please, come.”

Mystia twists and shakes beneath you. “Hey! W-hat- do… to her?”

“She must be tested to remain here. Punctuality is highly recommended.”

Mystia hisses. “Why…” She pants. “Not just… a- inter… view?”

The figures pause, glancing to one another again.

The first speaks. “That may be… tolerable. You may request an audience with either the leaf or the stem, though one or both may not be available at this moment. Your fate will be left in our hands if they’re not.”

“Leaf? Stem? Who are these people?”

“You will see, should they appear.”

“And this test?”

“We must determine your aptitude, of course. Me must see if you’re worthy of our lady’s presence.”

You turn back to Mystia, mouthing ‘did you…’

She shakes her head. 
“I’ll be there soon. Just give us a moment.”

One of them frowns, turning to the other. There’s a glint in her companion’s eye.

They step forward. One runs her hand by your hip, down Mystia’s quivering thigh.

“I wouldn’t trust her, if I were you.”

You snort. “I’m not. I’m just finishing what I started.”

“Of course.” She flicks your cheek. You wince.

“Just be sure you don’t find yourself wearing her leash.”

A hand slaps your back, jerking you forward. You twist to see the other one skipping away.

“Don’t dally too long, Naoko.”

They both giggle as they turn and walk back.

You sit there, still perched on Mystia’s belly, watching them leave. One turns around, just long enough to give you a curt wave.

Then they disappear behind that door, one after the other.

You throw your legs across Mystia’s bust to face her. You lean down, groaning but sliding a gentle hand in to cup her cheek.

“Let’s get you off, shall we?”

She clenches her eyes shut and nods, breathing ragged.

You run your hands up and down the sides of her corset, more for your own nerves than for her. You lean down, giving her a soft, gentle kiss.

She hums as you pull back. Sliding your hands around her breasts, you give them a quick, tight squeeze.

She hisses, shaking.

You rub them up and down, from her neck to their underside, flicking her rigid nipples and pressing into her flesh. Your hands scrape across dry, sticky skin as she twists beneath you.

She lets out a hungry, needy groan.

You lean close, still massaging her salacious breasts. You whisper into her ear, using perhaps a more mocking tone than you should. “At least you didn’t finish without permission.”

Her breath hitches. “D-didn’t w… wa-” She shudders. “C-came. Once. Wa-”

You slap both hands across her tits. “So, it’s just fine to lie when you do it, then?”

She squeaks. “D-didn… n- ot…” She pants. “lying.”

You stare her down for a moment, frowning as you parse her words. “We’ll see.” You slide a finger through the open zipper behind you, probing her pussy. You push in, scraping through her shockingly dry folds.

She hisses in pain even as her body clenches tight around your finger, trapping it inside. Which provides enough friction to shock something inside her, her back lurching upward and lifting you with it.

“Are you… okay?”

She gulps, her back still arched beneath you.

You pull your arm back, only for your fingers to catch on the rigid, dry vice-grip her pussy holds.

You look into Mystia’s already clouded eyes, her tongue protruding from her gasping throat.

Then she quakes again. Her pulsing, almost crushing walls beat down on your finger, easing up only in tiny, erratic windows. Windows that prove, with vigorous pulling and twisting, just enough to pull out.

Sucking in a tired breath, you give your abused finger a shake. Planting a hand by her ass, you slide the finger back near the lips, up against the ragged, metal edge of her zipper.

You roll your head, lift your ass, and turn around.

Shou was right. You need someone to trust right now and Mystia’s the only option you have. But for her to do you any good, she needs to be lucid.

You take a deep breath, preparing to risk the better part of your hand to her ravenous slit.

Then a thunderous quake rocks your body. It takes you a second to realize the quake rattled into Mystia, not from her. It hits again, ripping a groan from your lips. One almost as needy as panting, mewling voice below.

It’s that toy. The small, vibrating toy behind your belt. It takes only moments for the first couple drops to seep past your belt and through Aya’s panties. You press your hands over Mystia’s crotch to steady your own shivering body. Grimacing, you shove two fingers to your tongue, tasting a hint of her foul, lewd juices. Once wetted, you pop them back out and line them up with her hungry slit. She’s close. Just get her off and figure out what to do with that damn toy. Again.

A shiver runs down your spine.

You press your fingers in, testing her resistance. Then another beat hits, jarring them into the zipper. Metal teeth bite into your hand as a quake surges up your spine. In only a moment the tremors ebb. Biting your lip, you line the fingers back up, praying only for another moment of calm.

You thrust, parting the lips as you plunge deep into her throbbing hole. It clamps down, sinking your fingers to the hilt, your knuckles hitting her fluffy bush and the cruel zipper above it. She gasps and bucks, throwing you forward. You cast your spare arm into the sheets, catching yourself and landing back on her body.

You land on the other side of her breasts. Your ass slides down toward her neck as you push your fingers down. They don’t move much, but it’s enough to grind them into her pussy.

She groans as you work your fingers.

A familiar low, steady thrum starts up inside you as Mystia twists her body beneath you. Her legs stretch out and curl back in, dry, salty thighs and the chain between them pressing into your arm as if to shove it in deeper.

Quaking and gasping, she belts out a loud, lascivious moan.

You press a third finger into her, barely passing her mound before they hit the hard walls of her clamped-down cunt. She bucks again, throwing you up, but not off. Panting, you run your hand across her chest, rubbing her tits as you press deeper inside her.

She gasps as your third finger wedges itself partway down. You fight through your own halting breaths as you force your fingers in, hair by hair.

Then she mewls. You see Aya’s shiny black bra through your moistening shirt. A shiver runs through her body.

Then she screams. Again. Heavy, rocking quakes race up her body and all but jostle you off.

As the scream dies down, her body follows suit, going limp. You pull your fingers from her slackened slit and wipe them off on her corset.

Shutting out the buzzing inside your own body, you zip her crotch back up.

Lifting yourself up for a moment, you throw your legs back and twist your body around to face her again. Leaning down, you plant your hands by her head.

“Satisfied?”

Panting, gulping, she nods, almost absently.

“Now, I’d like to hear about why you said you never came.”

Almost gasping, Mystia shakes her head.

“I thought you asked if I took a test.”

You stare down, blank. “What?”

“They’d been… saying you needed,” she gulps, “to take a test to see if you could stay.” She wheezes. “I thought you asked if I’d also had to take one.”

“Oh.” That’s… plausible. “Wait. You didn’t.”

“No. No one asked me to take any tests. Not even them.”

You groan. Well, you needed her lucid anyway. You sigh.

“And about that ‘reason.’”

She blinks, giving you a blank smile. “Reason?”

You slide a pair of fingers around each nipple. “For the kidnapping.”

She giggles, a little shrill. “Oh… that.” She wiggles her wrists, padlocks clanging. “It’s going to sound stupid. So, don’t get mad, okay?”

You groan. Again. “I’ll, try not to punish you for honesty. That’s all.”

She gulps. “Okay. Well, I just…” She wiggles her shoulders. “If I didn’t, you’d never give me a chance, right?”

“After your first night?”

She winces. “I… Look. I knew we’d be the perfect couple. I couldn’t possibly give up on something like that.”

“The perfect couple. Where one kidnaps the other and never lets her leave.”

“It was just once?”

“And brings a sadist to keep her in line.”

“I was desperate, okay? I spent months trying to find you. But then she shows up with her insect army-”

You shiver. “Insects?”

“Oh, you didn’t know? Wriggle can talk to and command them. She already knew where you lived, but she couldn’t get in.”

…Oh. Of course.

What was even the point of hiding? “…When was this?”

“Mid spring, I think. I got really depressed, you know. I wanted to see you so badly, but Wriggle wouldn’t let me. She wanted to make sure the guards couldn’t track us down. We went through so many plans to before you leapt into our arms.”

You breath in, then out. “I see.” You pinch your fingers together, squeezing her nipples. You rotate them.

Mystia clenches her teeth. “H-hey. You said you wouldn’t punish me.”

“For being honest. But I need to trust you and that poses a problem.”

“Wanting you?”

“Conspiring, for months to kidnap and enslave me. And still not having a problem with that.”

She glares back. “I never wanted to make you a slave! That was all Wriggle’s stupid idea!”

“Right. You just wanted someone who did everything you wanted.”

“That’s different! I didn—”

You twist. “What is it then? Brainwashing? You can apologize for that instead.”

“I’m sorry. I’m sure I would’ve let you go. It would have been so different if Wriggle weren’t there, I swear. I’m so sorry I let her near you. And, and I guess I’m sorry for kidnapping you, too. If it helps, I promise that I’ll never do it again.”

You let go. “That’ll do for now. Just…” You sigh. “I’m tired of running, Mystia. Tired of cowering, begging, lying, and compromising.”

She pouts. “Okay, okay. I get it. That was the whole point of our new deal, anyway.”

Something about her story bothers you, but you’ll worry about it later.

You lift your head, taking note of the disheveled bed. Mystia lies atop a folded-over blanket, exposing a full third of the bed, with a suspiciously wet pillow nearby.

You sigh and ruffle her hair, even as your hips start to tremble and your muscles sag. “What do we…”

A polite cough behind you. You turn to see a quiet, meek face above a garishly purple dress. A similarly gaudy, gold capelet and waist-apron adorn that dress. Two auburn locks descend from either side of her face, plummeting just past her waist. A sagging black cap sits atop her otherwise shoulder-length hair.

“How long…?”

“Since about the beginning of her climax.”

You turn back to Mystia, who’s shut her eyes. Then you realize how… normal this is starting to feel. Which is when your face starts to burn.

“I-it’s not- I’m not really…”

“Don’t worry, Naoko. But now that you’re finished, I recommend you dismount her and follow me.”

“For the test?”

“Test?” A heavy pause. “Oh, of course. Well, it is a matter that must be discussed at a more… appropriate venue. My companion insists you come at once, but if you’d prefer a change of look and perhaps smell, I’m more than happy to help.”

Mystia blushes. Again. “I’m coming too, right?”

“Of course.”

Your hips shake again, that toy still buzzing inside you. “Could I change into a new chastity belt?”

She sputters. “A new— Why do even want one?”

You shrug. “Protection.”

She groans. Then a hand grabs your ass, lifting your skirt. She hooks her fingers into the waistband and slips your panties down. She pats the metal of your belt.

“Where’s the key?”

You shiver, the open air doing little to cool your mostly-bare ass or your dripping slit.

“I don’t know.”

“Of course. But then unless you’re ready to present yourself half-naked, the answer’s no.”

The toy still lies behind the metal barrier. It’s started to chafe, but Aya’s bra isn’t starting to feel any better either. 
Batting her hand away, you pull Aya’s panties back up your legs and over your ass. Climbing off Mystia and the bed, you turn back to face this woman, patting your skirt.

“I’ll follow you.”

“Good. This way.”

You glance back to Mystia. She cranes her neck to see you over her breasts and gives you a shaking, nervous smile.

“You can bring her along.”

You twist back to the woman, finding her face impassive.

You turn, lean over Mystia, pull the leash off the bed and give her a tug. She twists and bounces. Pulling the leash, you lift her off the bed and she stumbles forward, into your chest.

You groan, push her off, and grab the spit-soaked rubber ball from the sheets. Mystia stares at it, twitching, as you approach. She shuts her eyes as you slide the straps across her shoulders, buckling it behind her neck.

You sigh. “Please, don’t fuck me over.”

She peeks one eye open, exhaling and smiling once she realizes it’s not going into her mouth.

She nods, hard and firm.

You turn and give her another tug. She follows, swaying and stumbling, her cuffs jingling by her sides, as you push forward, passing the rows of lewdly-dressed mannequins into the open door. You find yourself atop a staircase, looming over a vast chasm, plunging into a deep maroon mist below. Your bare feet pad across dark, lacquered wood as you descend, one step at a time.

Mystia hops behind you, frequently wobbling as she lands.

“Satono, by the way.”

“Excuse me?”

“It’s my name.”

You rub your neck. “Okay.”

A moment passes, Satono stepping down this seemingly endless staircase as you follow and Mystia struggles to keep up. Hints of doorways appear in the fog below.

Then you reach a landing. Two stairways descend to the right and left, while another ascends before you. Each stairway splits off further, some going up, others down. Satono turns left. You follow.

“I’m not… intruding, am I?”

“You don’t belong here.” She says, in a softer tone than you expected. “But my colleague’s ecstatic you’ve come, so I’ll let it pass.”

Mystia laughs, nervous, behind you. “Why is she so happy?”

You continue down the stairs, Mystia hopping behind you. You rub your crotch as your hips twitch.

“You’ll see.” Satono stops at the bottom, before a heavy mahogany door, carved with the image of someone bowing. She pushes it open and walks inside.

You follow her, stepping into a room of polished oak floors and velvet curtains ranging from black, indigo, and violet, to gold, turquoise, and olive. Mystia stumbles behind you. You yank the leash up, catching her neck until she regains her balance.

You tiptoe through the quiet room, winding through curtains at a brisk pace just to keep from getting lost.

Finally, you reach a clearing of sorts, with a tall, wide chair set against the wall, atop a platform raised four steps from the floor. Rich, gold-colored cushions adorn it.

“The test is ready to begin, Naoko.” Satono gestures to the chair. “Please, sit.”

You swallow, stepping toward it. Your place your foot atop the first step, then the other on the next step. Turning around, you slide your ass into the deep, soft cushions of the chair. Resting your hands at the edges of the similarly soft armrests, you take a breath and face forward.

Satono leaps toward you, planting her hands across your wrists and almost bumping your nose with her own. She stares you dead in the eyes.

“What do you have to offer the goddess, Naoko?”

“O-offer? Like what?”

Her nostrils flare, a citrus-scented breath wafting across your nose.

“You could give her your body, but you don’t want that, do you?”

“Do I need to give something? Would it really hurt just to keep me out of the wilds?”

“We have other ways to keep your talents under control. Think about it.”

“I… I don’t…”

You glance to Mystia. She shrugs, helpless. You’ve barely learned to wield magic and now you must find something to offer a goddess?

Her eyes narrow. “A noble’s basement, a firefly’s hovel, a—”

“No! Not the fir-glh!” A woman pops out of the curtains, shoving the ball back between Mystia’s teeth. She unbuckles and re-buckles the straps, pulling it tight against her skin.

The woman smiles at you, wearing a similar dress to Satono but in a far more sedate green. Like Satono, two long tassels of her pale green hair descend across either side of her face. Your chest heaves as you turn back to Satono, her lips curling.

She rolls her eyes. “Look, it doesn’t really matter. Just serve the goddess and we’ll take good care of you.” She strokes your cheek. “What I need to know right now is what you want.”

“I want to be safe.”

“How? What sort of safety? What sort of… dependence?” She slides a hand to your thigh.

“Dependence?”

She rubs your thigh. “Anything we give, we might one day take back. Something to think about.”

“Give me allies.”

Satono pulls back, frowning. “Well, we can’t hand ourselves over…”

She twists to her green companion, who still holds Mystia back.

“Hey, Mai. Do we have anyone we could give her?”

The woman—Mai, apparently—lets go and walks away, carrying Mystia’s leash behind a green curtain. She hooks it to something, then comes back.

Mystia shouts out angry, burbling noises as she tugs against it, flexing her fingers.

Mai jogs forward. “Hm…” She presses her arms behind her back and looks you up and down. “Give me a boost, Satono.”

Satono groans. Then steps back and starts dancing.

Mai rubs her chin. “Ah. I’ve got it!”

And she runs off, disappearing behind a crimson curtain.

You sit there a moment, as Satono stops dancing. She steps back up and plants her hands on your knees.

Angry, incoherent tweets hit your ears.

“Looking forward to your service?”

“My… what?”

Satono sighs. “The goddess does not simply bestow gifts on others because they ask, does she?”

“I… I don’t know. Does she?”

“She does not. She bestows her generosity on those who earn her favor.”

“What do I do to earn that?”

Mystia ambles into the green curtain, her wings still poking out, twisting and flaring as her body turns and heaves.

Satono runs a finger up your belly, weaving up Aya’s shirt and between your breasts. It flicks past your chin and settles on your lower lip. She smiles.

“You don’t even realize how many enemies you have, do you?” She pulls your lip down. “So many people who could have their way with you. Ever wonder what would happen if you upset master?” She slides her other hand across your cheek. “She could send you anywhere in Gensokyo, after all.”

She pauses, freeing your lip. You glare back.

She places the finger to her own lip. “Or outside it. How would you fare on the moon? The netherworld? Hell? Heaven? Makai?” She sighs, sliding a hand down your side. “Just remember: do not piss master off.”

Mystia falls out of the curtain, sweating and sagging, leash still hanging from the other side. Her lips slide up and down the red ball behind them. You bite your lip. “What do I have to do?”

She shakes her head. “Like I said, you just have to serve her.” She pulls the finger from her lip and cups her cheek, tilting her head just slightly. “I can’t tell you how, because I don’t know myself. But you’d better think of something when the time comes, because she dislikes freeloaders.”

“Got her!”

Mai yanks on a dark, bluish-green leash. She heaves, moving toward you one backward step at a time. Bare feet stumble and scrape across the polished, lacquered wood. Satono walks behind you.

You scan the room. “Who?”

Out of nowhere, a woman wearing a matching, bluish blindfold under pale hair perks up. A smooth, fat, blue ball pulls her lips back, just like the red one still stuffed in Mystia’s mouth. Green straps and steel rings run from the ball across her cheeks, but also up and over her nose, her blindfold, and across her forehead.

A simple orange shirt covers her, with a green, rosy skirt below. A familiar blue orb floats beside her, connected by matching tendrils to her body. A glimmering chain dangles from her long, frilly sleeves. Another chain hangs from a pair of blue cuffs on her ankles.

She rushes toward you.

You panic. “Wait! Wa—”

She freezes.

“Who are you?”

“Ghfhih Ghmgi”

Satono rests her hands on the back of your chair. “Why don’t you give her a spin?”

The woman takes a step closer and plants her hands beside your feet, bowing.

Satono leans in. “Just ask her to do something for you. Or command her.”

You hug your legs to the chair.

“Ah. Ah. Ah.” Mai yanks on the leash, jerking the girl back.

The girl gurgles, then stills, hunched forward.

Satono breathes over your ear. “Go ahead.”

You inhale, preparing to issue your first experimental command.

Then another idea strikes. “Wait. Take the gag out.”

Mai frowns. Satono squeezes your shoulders.

“Are you sure you want to do that?”

“Yes.”

Mai grumbles but steps forward. She snaps something behind the girl’s head, then peels the straps back in front of her head. With a light tug, she pulls the ball from her mouth, strands of saliva hitting the wooden floor before you. Mai gathers up the gag and steps back.

You clear your throat.

“Who are you?”

She smiles. “Koishi!”

The name sends shivers down your spine.

“What do you want?”

“You!”

Your eyes narrow. “Why?”

She giggles. “You’re weird.”

You tilt your head. She tilts hers to match.

“Excuse me?”

“Like I said, you’re weird.”

Vague, foggy memories flit at the corners of your mind, hinting at… something. Something different. Something wrong.

You pause, working through your choice of words. “Why am I weird?”

Unruly bangs bounce over the blue-green leather wrapped across her eyes. “’Cause your body begs for love, but your heart begs me to stop.”

“And that’s why you want me?”

She grins. “Yeah!”

You tap the edge of one armrest. “What do you want to… do with me?”

She puts a finger to her chin, looking up. She points it at you. “I wanna watch you.”

“Watch me do what?”

“You ask hard questions, lady.” She tilts her head. “Anything, I guess.”

“Anything?”

She throws her hands up together. “Yeah. Do whatever you want.”

“Why?”

Her hands fall back down. “Why what?”

“Why do you want to watch me?”

Her brow furrows. “’Cause I wanna see what you do.”

You groan. This isn’t helping, so you try another tack. “Do you want to fuck me?”

“Hm… Ah! That’s a great idea! Let’s do that.”

“No.”

“Aw. Boo. You’re stingy.”

You tense, but she just stands there, hands swaying together. With that blindfold on, you can’t tell what she’s thinking or feeling.

“Come here.”

She approaches, chains clinking.

“Show me your ass.”

“Yes ma’am.” She straightens up, stuffing her hands under her skirt. Bunching it up, she grips the edge of her simple black panties and drags them down. They hang on her ass, then slide down to her ankles She turns around and grabs the side of her skirt. She fidgets with it, then tries the other side.

Her smile falters. “Uh, help?”

Mai steps around and behind her, yanks the skirt down, then steps back again. A wild, untamed jungle rests between this woman’s legs.

“Thanks, lady.”

Koishi turns around, displaying her plain, bare ass. She leans down and plants her hands on the floor, presenting it further and showing the edge of that jungle once more.

You slam your foot forward, crashing it into her ass and propelling her away from you. She stumbles forward but somehow manages to right herself, panties still stretched taut between her ankles and skirt dragging behind. She stands up and steps backward, returning to where she was before you kicked her.

You growl. “Look at me.”

“I can’t.”

“Face me.”

She turns around, still smiling.

“Kneel.”

She falls to her knees and bows. Cuffs jingling, she plants her hands on the third step and lowers her face to your feet. You lift one foot and press it into her hair, forcing her head into the floor. She coos.

You hear what you can only assume to be a furious squawk of some kind.

You’ll worry about Mystia’s feelings later. You’ve got a stranger to make sense of.

You set your stomping foot aside and press the other to her cheek. “Kiss it.”

She presses her lips to your big toe. She lingers there, pressing them to your nail before she lets go. She slides her tongue up your foot. You kick her off. 
You tap a finger on your armrest, staring down at Koishi’s humbled form. “Stand up.”

She pulls herself up, giving you a lopsided smile. A grin that only sets your hair on edge with the blindfold above it.

You suck in a breath. “Let’s… test something. Koishi.” You clear your throat.

She faces you. “If Mai and Satono tried to rape me, what would you do?”

She angles her head up, chain jingling as her wrists sway. “I’d, uh…”

Satono steps back behind you.

“Um, what would you want me to do?”

You pause, mouth open, narrowing your eyes. “I’d want you to stop them.”

“Then I’d do that.”

You lift a hand from its rest to rub your forehead. “How?”

“How would I stop them?”

“Yes.”

“I have no idea!” She grins, wide and proud.

She’s useless. Utterly fucking useless. A liability at best.

Satono claps her hands on your shoulders. “It must be so tragic, relying on such fickle friends.”

You growl. “She was your idea.”

The hands bounce. “I’m so sorry. It was just such short notice. Maybe we could look around, but…”

Mai sends a significant look over your shoulder. The hands lift away and Satono returns to Koishi, looking her up and down.

Their looks worry you. You return your focus to Koishi herself. “Why don’t you know what to do?”

“I haven’t done it yet.”

What does that even mean?

“But what if y—”

“Say, Satono. Think we should…”

Satono circles Koishi. “Yes. We should.”

“Awesome!” Mai tosses a silver key to Satono. Satono fiddles with Koishi’s wrists while Mai works on her ankles.

They click, and heavy, dark aqua cuffs fall to the floor. Koishi stretches her arms out before her as Mai works on the back of her head. With another click, she pulls the blindfold off.

Koishi blinks, looking to you, her blindfold and a pair of cuffs lying by her feet. She swings a leg out and grins wide. You press your back into your seat.

Satono pushes her back, twists toward you, and steps forward. She stares you down, licking her lips. She plants her hands over your wrists and climbs onto your lap, slipping her legs around your back.

You shiver as you stare into her low-lidded eyes. She settles in, shifting her ass across your knees. She stretches, pulling her gaudy shirt across a pair of perky breasts.

She extends a hand by your head, stroking your cheek in slow, lazy loops.

“Tell Koishi to save you.”

You stare back, perplexed. “Excuse me?”

Satono extends her other hand, cupping your cheeks. She puckers her lips. Realization hits.

“Help! Koishi, help! Save me!” You buck, knocking Satono upward, but not off.

“Wha? Huh?” Koishi blinks back at you. You press your hands into Satono’s gut, inadvertently sliding them up to the edge of her bust. Koishi charges toward you, only to get yanked back by Mai.

Furious squawks hit your ears from the side, tempting you to tear your gaze away.

Satono licks her lips and releases your head. She pulls Koishi’s cuffs out. In a heartbeat, she has a cuff wrapped and locked one of your wrists and she’s pulling both behind her back. You buck again, her ass thumping hard into your knees as she snaps the second cuff on, trapping your hands behind her.

Satono bumps her nose against yours, giving an almost apologetic grin. “She’s not a miracle worker.”

She pops the top button free of Aya’s—no, your shirt. You twist your arms around her as she pops the next two. You look away as another button pops, exposing your cleavage and the edge of your black bra. You slam your wrists into her back, crashing her own modest bust into yours. She pops the next three of as if nothing happened.

“Koishi! Where are you! Get me out of here!”

Satono jerks backward, jarring you. She then lurches back, dragging you off the chair by your bound arms. Open air bushes against your stomach, the shirt now hanging half open as you stumble forward. You tug your wrists against her back.

She cups your cheeks with both hands, her smile turning dark. “I can’t remember the last time I got to play the villain like this. What do you think, should I have claimed your lips yet?”

You give her the most disarming smile you can muster. “I think you… maybe?”

She pouts. “If it helps, I thought she’d do better.” Satono frowns and flicks her thumb across your lips. “Care to bet when she’ll save you?”

Something snaps around your waist and Aya’s skirt falls to your ankles. Satono leans in close, puckering her lips but letting go of your chin. You lean back.

A loud crunch sounds as her hands grind into your waist and metal edges dig into your skin. Then your belt falls, thumping to the floor beneath you.

Someone slender crashes into your back, throwing you forward. Satono’s lips hit your forehead. A new pair of hands slide across your sides, meeting at your stomach. She presses you in, shoving your head down into Satono’s modest bust. Silk and bamboo fill your nose as their weight presses into you from each side. Then a pair of hands grabs your thighs and pulls, yanking you to your knees. Your face slides down between their stomachs.

“Hey, Satono, where’d she go?” Mai says, her body pressing into you from behind.

“What, did you lose her?”

The hands release your legs. Then another hand slips to the back of your neck and presses, forcing you into Satono’s crotch, only her skirt and underwear between your face and her pussy.

Finally, your head falls between her legs, your own legs sprawled out around Mai’s.

A foot digs into your back. Craning your neck, you barely catch Satono’s pink thong and a plump ass you don’t want to think about.

The foot leaves. Your hands lay before you, still bound but no longer wrapped around anything. Experimentally, you crawl forward.

“Whoah. Hey, Mai, cut it ou—”

You hear a loud, wet kiss behind and above you.

A hand descends into your view, palm open. You grab it and let it pull you back to your feet. You look back to find Mai and Satono entangled together, slobbering and moaning into each other. The hand yanks you back, pulling you into the curtains.

Violet velvet descends around you, a fold brushing into your bare slit.

“I don’t get it!”

You turn around to find Koishi staring back.

“Why’d they do that?”

Your voice falters. “I, I don’t know. I think I asked the wrong question?”

“Did you? What was the right one?”

“I…”

“Get off!” Someone stumbles somewhere behind you. She raises her voice. “Alright. Good job, Na… Naono. Test drive’s over.”

Koishi looks over your shoulder, blinking. You rub your hands together.

“Come on back and get yourself unlocked.”

You should do that. She didn’t really do anything to you yet and you need your hands free. You shiver.

Koishi grabs your hand and sprints away, knocking you off balance. You stumble forward, pumping your feet to keep yourself upright.

Your feet catch on Aya’s skirt, kicking it off as you thump into Koishi’s back. She tumbles and crashes to the floor, barely cushioning your own fall and getting your arms pinned beneath you.

“Ow. Ow, ow, owee.” She groans.

You press your hands into her, pushing yourself off. You tumble onto your back, warm wood hitting your bare ass. You hurl your weight forward, swinging yourself up until you’re sitting. “What were you thinking?”

“I don’t, silly.”

“You don’t… think?”

She rolls onto her back and drapes an arm across her head. “Yup.”

Deep blue velvet now wafts around you. A pair of arms slides across your shoulders, a heavy bust resting against your back. Your body freezes.

“Well, well. What have we here?” An unfamiliar voice speaks. “The troublemaker and…” The arms slide back out. “Is this Naoko? What brings ground zero herself to our humble abode?”

Your stomach drops. You twist your body around, finding a woman standing barely above you with curves to kill for. Above her wide hips and round breasts, you find a long head of curly blond hair, adorned by an origami-esque black hat. You stare into cool, appraising eyes with a distinct edge hinting at thoughts deeper and darker than you wish to imagine.

She tuts. “I haven’t introduced myself, have I?”

You have a guess, but you can’t force it past your drying lips.

“Mai. Satono. Come here.”

Feet shuffle and they appear, passing through the curtain. They look away from each other, faces red and bodies sweating. You turn around to face them. Satono pulls her skirt up as Mai tugs her shirt down. The woman coughs. Satono steps forward and crouches before you. She grabs a wrist and slips a silver key in your cuff. She twists, popping it open.

Mai rubs her neck as Satono gets your other cuff. “Sorry about the belt. Satono gets a bit carried away sometimes.”

Satono scoffs. “She wanted to replace it anyway.”

The blonde woman raises a brow. She flicks a wrist.

Satono snaps the cuff open and pulls it off. They both step behind her.

“Rise, Naoko Honda.”

You stand up. You also plant your hands over your crotch.

“Wow. Your butt’s so pretty.”

You twist back to give Koishi a glare. You return to the blonde woman, sliding one hand back around your ass.

“You’ve had a difficult two days, haven’t you?”

Still silent, you nod. She stands at eye-level with your bust.

“And could you explain the satori’s presence here?”

You part your lips. “Satono offered her.”

The woman glances to her right, then returns to you. “I see. Follow me.”

The woman levitates, then floats back behind the curtain. You step forward, ignoring your exposed bra to keep your hands firmly on either end of your crotch. She settles into the chair you left.

Satono and Mai take sides opposite her. You stop just before the steps. They share a glance with each other, then with the woman.

Mai turns to you and clears her throat. “The goddess, lady Okina Matara. Grand sage and...”

Okina waves her off. “You’ve been the center of an interesting controversy lately.”

Koishi pats your ass. You swat her away. She gives you a contrite frown, then steps backward, bowing.

You turn back to Okina, who stares at your crotch, her cheeks just slightly pink.

You struggle to maintain eye contact, your own face matching hers.

Okina sighs. “Satono.”

“Yes?”

“Punishment. First thing in the morning.”

Satono freezes. Mai fidgets with her dress.

Satono swallows. “Yes, mistress.”

Okina gestures. Mai slips behind her and runs off to the side. She grabs Aya’s skirt and your broken belt, then jogs back around and hands them to Okina. Okina takes the belt and brings the interior of the central band to her nose. She takes a long, deep sniff, then hands it back.

“Strange. It smells only like human sweat and juice.”

Mai takes it, gives it a quick sniff herself, then holds it behind her back.

Okina flicks her fingers. Two doors appear from midair behind her.

“In return for your service, I’ll lend you an ally of your choosing. Either her,” she flicks her hand in Koishi’s general direction, “or someone from one of these two gates.”

You study the doors. The one on the right is teal, the one on the left, red.

“Who’s behind them?”

“This one,” she gestures to your right, “holds a proud, trained warrior. This one,” she gestures to your left, “holds a woman you know, of great power.” She clasped her hands together. “Neither has been tainted, neither is likely to be tainted. Now, choose.”

You glance to the side, finding Mystia curled on the floor, a puddle of drool accumulating under her gag. Her leash still hangs from the curtain beside her. Her chest swells and recedes in slow, tired breaths. 

You focus back on Okina. “Please, tell me more.”

She taps a foot against her chair. “Do you have a problem?”

“I don’t know… anything about what I’m getting into. Who are these people? Can I trust them? What sort of service are you talking about?”

She props an arm up by the elbow and rests her head against it. “I see, you’re quite the curious person.” She leans toward Mai, whispering in her ear. Mai nods and trots away, toward Mystia.

“You want information then. Hm…” She drums her fingers, reaching into the outer folds of her skirt with her other hand. “I’ll help you out, and I’ll even give you a few extra tips for free. Like…” She pulls out a familiar pink block and flips a switch.

Your thighs clench almost before the first vibration hits. Your breath catches as your hips shake. She flips the switch again, stilling the ball.

She grins. “Why don’t you give that toy to my servants, so I’m not tempted to… play with you.”

You breathe in, thinking it over. You do need it back out, but to retrieve it, right here, would entail…

But then, any ‘playing’ she does would be worse, wouldn’t it?

Gulping, you press two fingers inside yourself. You shut your eyes as you pry the outer lips apart, right in front of Okina. Removing the hand from your ass, you stick another finger inside, between them. After a moment of shaking and prodding, a familiar vibrator falls out and into your fingers, dripping and sticky.

You pull it out and find Satono standing to your side, palm held open before you. Blushing, you drop the sticky toy in her hand.

“An average pussy, too. Strange.”

You choke at her words. Mai trots back toward you, leading Mystia by the leash.

Okina flicks a finger and Mai pulls her key back out. She approaches Mystia and pops her cuffs open. Mystia squirms, hugging herself and sliding her lips down the ball behind them as Mai slips behind her and releases the gag. Mai circles back in front and pops the ball from behind her teeth. Mystia rubs her jaw.

Satono passes the toy to Okina, who lifts it to her nose.

Mystia jumps in front of you, wobbling from her locked thighs, and grabs your hands. Her bare breasts and swollen nipples fill your eyes. “Are you okay? Do you need help? Comfort?”

You nudge her back. “I’m okay, I think.”

She droops, but she lets go and steps back.

“Here.” Satono butts in, passing your toy to Mystia. “Tide yourself over with this.”

“Wait one second!” You reach forward, only for Satono to bat your hand away and point to Okina.

Okina smiles back at you. “Don’t you have a pussy to hide?”

You bite down a screech, blushing. As you plant your hands back over your holes, Mystia sniffs the toy and pops it in her mouth, humming a curious tune. She gives you a bashful, apologetic smile.

Still lounging, Okina sets both elbows down and steeples her hands together. “I’m not thrilled with your attitude, but I like your curiosity. Let’s continue our chat once you’ve refreshed yourself a little.” Still lounging, she points off toward an orange curtain. “You’ll find a door back there which leads to an utterly divine chamber. Make sure to use the amenities it provides, then come back once you’re finished.”

You bow, stiff but deep. Then, straightening back up, you walk toward the curtain, Mystia and Koishi behind you.

“Excuse me, little girl.” Satono grabs Koishi’s upper arm. “The goddess wishes to speak with you.”

They return to Okina as you push aside the hanging silk and open the door behind it.

A wall of hot steam hits you as your feet hit wet, warm tiles. Your vision clears, revealing a wide bath set into the floor, full almost to the brim. Mystia closes the door behind you as you turn around to find a series of shelves set deep into the shimmering, golden walls.

The floor tiles run deep red, the similarly tiled ceiling a pale pink. Long, flat panels run along the ceiling, bathing the room in soft, amber light.

You turn to Mystia, her wings and ears drooping. She flashes you an embarrassed smile, patting her corset. “Mind letting me out?”

You stare back.

She rubs her neck and holds out an open palm toward you, with a silver key on top. “I’m already mostly free, you know. I promise—no, swear—I’ll go back in once we’re done. But I’m still a girl like you. I want to get clean, too.”

You fold your arms, looking her up and down. The hobble chain still hangs from her thighs and you could still put her back in those cuffs if she lets you. But you’ve also got the goddess and her servants nearby. Your spine tingles at the thought of freeing her but you can’t count on getting another chance to test her without some new youkai breathing down your cunt.

Koishi’s not the bastion you’d hoped for and you don’t know what else Okina’s offering you yet. As much as it makes you want to scream, she may still be the best protection you’ll get.

“Turn around.”

She spins, offering you her back. Still twitchy, you rub your forearms, then accept the key. You first crouch down to pop the leg cuffs open, dropping them to the floor. Then you rise back up and snap the buckles loose as she works on her front. A minute or so later, you’ve disconnected it from her collar and she’s pulled it down her legs. She sets it inside a shelf and steps into the water. She shivers.

“It’s so warm.”

She practically melts into the water as you peel Aya’s shirt off and pop the bra. Lifting it up and off, you peer around, finding no stools or buckets. You tread around the bath, finding nothing but empty shelves set into the wall and smooth tile lining the edge. Sighing, you set Aya’s clothes in a nearby shelf, opposite Mystia, about a body’s length between her and your edge of the pool.

You tap the water with your foot. It’s not scalding, but it’s close. You slide your leg in, slow and sure, giving your body time to acclimate. Pressing a hand to the tile, you slide the other leg in and ease yourself down. Burning wet heat stings your skin and seeps deep into your body as you lower yourself in. The hot water grazes up your bust as your ass hits the smooth, hard surface below.

You lean back a moment, taking your time to unwind. Then a spray of hot water hits your face, stinging you. You look forward to find Mystia leaning down, swinging back and forth, her wings puffed and stretched out. Her wings shake, flap, and shudder, then fold back in to her back as she settles down and lounges against the rim.

A hand lowers into your vision, carrying a smooth green block. “Your soap.”

You look up to find Satono staring back down on you. You accept the soap and she steps away. You rub it between your hands, set it beside you, then spread the fresh lather down your arms. Up ahead, you find Mai offering a similar block to Mystia.

“I’m not thrilled with your attitude.”

You don’t think you did anything remotely outrageous, but that sentiment bothers you. You lean back and raise a leg, lathering it up. Maybe it was just an idle, offhand comment. Maybe it was even intended just to push you toward giving more to her. You can’t help a bitter, wry chuckle at that. If that’s all it was, it worked. Satono and Mai disturb you, but even their assault wasn’t enough to dissuade you from this place, given the competition.

Not yet.

You lather up your other leg and stand up to work your stomach and chest. You make certain to apply copious lather under and between your breasts, as well as your crack. You send off a frantic prayer that Okina won’t care, but you’re not taking your chances.

Finally, you splash your face and lather it up, then splash it again to get the soap off. You blink the water out to find Mystia staring back, close enough to feel her breath through the fog.

You glare. She blinks, blushes, and steps back.

“I think that goddess wants us all super clean and, well…” She looks to the side, scratching her cheek. “You can’t do your back properly, right?”

Your brow furrows, but she’s right. You grunt, defeated, and sit down on the floor, swishing the water with your legs. Even naked, soaked, and exposed to the air, you feel only the barest traces of chill. “Hurry up and don’t you dare touch my ass or tits.”

She gulps and climbs out of the bath. “Yes, ma’am.”

She lifts the soap off the floor, then sets it back down. She rubs her palms together, then presses them to your shoulder blades. “It’s been a weird night, huh?”

“It’s been a long night and a longer morning.”

Her hands slide up, over your shoulders. “I’m sorry.” They slide down, grazing your sides.

“I know.”

Her hands slide to your hips, then back up the center of your back. “You feel nice, though. Your skin’s so smooth.”

“It’s wet and soapy.”

“I-I know that! I’m just saying it’s nice. It’s a complement.”

“Yes. The kind usually followed by… this morning.”

“Oh.”

You sigh, wondering if your mind’s been twisted into paranoia by the past year.

“All done.” She retracts her hands and sits down beside you, swishing the water with her legs and flicking her wings.

“Say, uh… I kind of need help with my back too, so could you maybe, you know…”

“Yes, yes.” You step up and lather your hands back up. She curls her wings over her arms, exposing a strip of clear skin between the white feathers of her wings. You start there, sliding your hands down.

“Oh, I already did my wings, so you don’t need to worry about them.”

She coos as your hands slide down her back. You follow a similar pattern to her, though you keep your hands clear of her sides as you sweep around her wings and stop cold at her waist.

“Done.”

You step back into the water beside her. She scoots away a few steps, then slides back in much like you did. She sighs and stretches her wings out underwater.

“Wait, didn’t you just bathe a few moments ago?”

She giggles. “We can’t be too be too careful, right? Besides, well… I’d like to have a talk with you.”

You swish a finger through the water’s surface. “About what?”

“Well, you know. Us. I’m your pet now, right? What do you want me to do? And you know, if you ever get a little pent up…”

With a clack, you find a dark bottle and Mai leaning over you. “For your hair.” She says as she walks away. Mystia snatches it up, pops the top open, and squeezes out a small white dollop. She sniffs it, shrugs, and sets the bottle down, rubbing her hands together.

You take the bottle, squeeze some onto your finger, and lather up. Following her lead, you then work it into your hair, rubbing it in near the scalp, and dunk your head in the bath.

It feels good to have the sweat, spit, and juices of so many girls off your damn body. You sigh, content. You never quite decided what Mystia should be to you, other than obedient.

Mystia matches your tone. “Well, anyway. If you want me to do something, just let me know, okay?”

“This way.” Satono stands across the pool from you, before the door you came from. Groaning, you pull yourself out of the bath and turn around. You hear a splash as Mystia pulls herself out beside you.

You find the shelves where you’re sure you left Aya’s clothes, empty. And the shelves nearby. And every damn shelf on this wall, as far as you can tell. You spin around to find Mystia’s shelf and its neighbors similarly bare. Mai steps out of the door, carrying a pair of green, fuzzy towels. You groan again and step back into bath, wade through it, then climb back out in front of them, Mystia following close behind.

Mai hands a towel to Satono starts rubbing hers over Mystia’s face. Then a towel hits your own.

Satono rubs your face and hair dry, then moves to your breasts, holding one at a time as she dries them.

“Hey! I can do this myself.”

Satono ignores you, rubbing your stomach. “This is our duty. Let us handle it.” She swings around and dries your back.

“Please? Could you please let me do this myself?”

“No.” Satono swings back in front to rub the towel against your pussy, then across your ass, dipping between the cheeks. Then down your legs and over your feet. She hands the towels to Mai, who places them in a shelf as she pulls out a shiny black box.

Popping the box open, she pulls out a pair of lacy purple undergarments and hands them to you.

You accept, finding a pair of elaborate, lacy panties with a matching bra.

You waste no time dragging the panties up your legs, soon finding them a pleasant fit… and not actually panties. They amount to little more than two sheer triangles running from your ass-cheeks in the back to the edge of your hips in the front, framing your genitals more than hiding them.

“Excuse me, but what the hell is this?”

Satono tuts. “You’ll need to trust our mistress. Now finish dressing.”

Swallowing, you spread the bra out before you, only to find similar holes in it. It’s elegant, really. Beautifully sewn lace that just so happens to frame your nipples. Still, you flip it around, then pull it down your arms and over your chest. Snapping it in the back, you find it an excellent fit as well. That just happens to reveal vast swathes of your areola. Looking back up, you find Mystia now dressed as well.

In similarly sparse, red undergarments. Idly, you wonder how they connect at the back, given her wings.

Satono clears her throat, holding a bunched up, purple dress. “Lift your arms.”

Hesitant, you obey, raising your arms straight up. She slides the dress over and down them, until the straps hit your shoulders.

She lets it descend further, then steps back. You find yourself in a sleeveless dress that descends almost to your ankles. With a slit on one side reaching your upper thighs. She presents you with a pair of matching gloves, which you accept and slide down your arms, finding them thin and light, but reaching halfway from your elbow to your shoulder.

She ties off a set of thin laces at the end of each glove, then offers a pair of violet sandals with shallow heels. Sighing, you let her fit you into each one. Finally, she ties off a few laces on your back, tightening the dress around your stomach and emphasizing your bust.

Even your soft, barely-there nipples poke out underneath it. You look to Mystia, finding her still her underwear. If you can even call it that.

They look you both over, then bump their fists together.

Satono gestures toward the door. “This way, ladies.”

You give Mystia a tired, defeated smile, then follow them through the door. You find yourself passing through the dark, pinkish curtain and back before a smiling, lounging goddess.

“So, did you appreciate my gift?”

Your face twitches. “I—”

“It’s wonderful! Thank you so much, goddess.”

She nods. You breathe out a sigh of relief. You barely even care about Mystia’s likely ulterior motives.

“Good, good.” Okina flicks her fingers, bringing the doors back. She sweeps a hand toward the red one. “This one leads to a powerful shrine maiden. The site crawls with all sorts of youkai, but all your problems may just go away if she so chooses.” She sweeps the other hand toward the green one. “This one leads to an elite swordswoman. She’s fast and sharp, but a bit naïve. Her mistress is a bit dangerous, but I think you’ll do fine.”

She closes her eyes and swishes her finger through the air in lazy circles. “My servants’ offer is still on the table, if you prefer her. You’re also free to refuse to serve me, though…” Her eyes crack open, narrow and sharp. “I can’t say what will happen to you if you do.”

She crosses her legs, expression easing. “Your service will entail a single task of my choosing, at the time of my choosing, with express permission to punish you as I see fit, should you fail or refuse. I won’t request sexual gratification or prostitution, but I expect a willingness to perform such acts if needed. Finally, as a bonus, I’ve decided I’ll help you with your randy bird. Tell me what you want from her and I’ll see to it that she’s decorated accordingly.”

You take one last look at each option, then sigh. “I’ll do it. Give me the green door.”

Okina smiles. “My, I’m almost surprised. You chose not to pursue your hero. Well, I suppose it would have been embarrassing to admit your troubles to her.” She claps her hands, once. “Excellent. I’m sure this girl will be happy to see you. Now, about your associate.”

You fidget with your dress’s collar. There’s still an itch to hurt or humiliate her just a bit more, but there are bigger, more burning targets for that desire. You need help, more than anything else. “How about a champion?”

She taps her lips. “I think that will work out just fine.” She flicks a finger and her servants approach. Satono grabs Mystia by the shoulders and drags her away. Mai walks off in another direction.

You watch her leave.

“Oh, one last thing.” Okina twirls a lock of hair. “The woman you’re going to is a servant of a friend of an associate of mine. I’m not fond of this associate, but I won’t upset her on your account. I’m terribly sorry, but you’re simply not important to me. As far as I’m concerned, the swordswoman has permission to do as she sees fit if you offend or undermine her. This permission extends to her master, of course.”

You bow, tense and shallow. “Of course.”

“Don’t think too hard on it. The mistress is quite easygoing, and the girl’s simple enough to appeal to. Just don’t go stepping on anyone’s toes and don’t expect any divine intervention or relinquished duties should they require something strange.”

You bow just slightly lower. “Yes.”

“You know, I wonder what I will ask. You’re not very influential, beyond your exotic power. You’re barely competent at combat, and you’re not very tough…”

You strain your eyes up, only to see her stroking her chin.

“Well, we’ll come up with something later. Time to depart.”

You rise as she sweeps her hand again and the red door fades away. The green one floats down, beside the chair. “Go ahead, then.”

You walk forward, onto the steps, and pull the door open. A faint, lightless room lies beyond. You glance back to Okina, who nods.

You step into the threshold.

“Wait a moment, I just remembered a few things.”

You turn back around. Okina motions you toward her. You step up before her. She motions you closer. You lean forward.

She grabs your head and pulls you to her pendulous chest. She pushes your face down and plants a kiss on your forehead, gently letting go.

You focus your eyes on her bust, blushing. She grins. “Think of it as… a good luck charm, of sorts. We’ll make certain your avian friend plays along and does as she’s told.” She strokes her chin again. “By me, that is. Though it will extend to you by some proxy, I’m sure.”

You sigh. “Of course.”

“And I’d hate to have you doubting the reliability of either of them, so I’ll be sure to invite a friend to see you soon.”

“Friend?”

“Oh yes. I like the boyish firefly girl and that… enthusiastic umbrella.”

You choke, dropping an arm across her lap as you double over.

“But you’ve not yet experienced the captain’s love either. And there are youkai you don’t even remember just dying to get inside you. Or you inside them. You know how they get. Choices, choices.” She crosses her legs. “Don’t worry. Whoever I choose, she’ll just be there to give your new friends a chance to show off. Who knows, maybe you’ll even get a chance to express yourself in return.” She waves. “Goodbye.”

You bow one final time and step back down, bumping into the hard, wood surface of a door. She waves her hand and it falls open behind you.

You wobble, then teeter backwards and spin around. You hear the soft snoring of a young woman before you, but you see nothing. Then, slowly, as your eyes adjust, you catch the faintest outline of a blanketed body.

You take a deep breath. Then feel a heeled shoe dig into your back, shoving you through the gateway. The kick launches you, just slightly, into the air. You hear the door shut behind you just before your knee collides with someone’s bare foot.

The figure before you stirs just before you pitch forward, collapsing into her gut.

You catch only a faint glimmer in the darkness before her legs clamp down around your body and the tip of a smooth, sharp blade rests, trembling, over the back of your neck.

The soft texture of a light summer dress presses into your cheek, with a tight, smooth belly beneath it.

Voice tight, she whispers. “Who are you?”

“N-Naoko. Naoko Honda. I’m just a farmer’s daughter.” The soft, oil-scented dress does little to muffle your voice.

She pauses. “Farmer? Why on…”

She snaps her finger, her legs peeling off your body. Jittery, you push off the ground, folding your legs beneath you as a lantern flares to life above. Pale, bluish light touches the room around you, providing just enough light to see the rest of the room.

It’s small. There’s a messy futon before you, next to a small desk and plain, wooden chair nearby. Together, these fill one end of the room. Twisting your head, you find a blank door, flanked by a small armoire on one side and a scabbard hanging from a rack on the other.

You turn back to see a young woman standing over you, her pale hair cut much like Wriggle’s, pointing a sword to your face. A short one. An empty scabbard lies by her futon.

“Are you the, uh, swordswoman?” Even after everything else, you struggle to tear your eyes from her glimmering blade.

She tilts her head, which only makes it more menacing in the dim light. “Swordswoman?”

“The elite swordswoman? Quick and, strong, I think? Not very… I mean, with a dangerous mistress?”

She steps forward, holding her blade toward your neck. “Yuyuko is wise and strong, not dangerous.”

Your blood chills. “Yuyuko? Yuyuko Saigyouji? Manipulator of death? Ruler of, of—”

“The netherworld.”

You pull yourself backward, chest pounding. “Then, then…” Your mind blanks a short moment. You’ve been captured, cursed, confined, and raped, but to negotiate with the queen of death itself? What the hell did you get yourself into?

And just how powerful is Okina, if she considers herself within that woman’s sphere? What kind of god did you just beg from? Not that she’ll help, but just how far in over your head are you?

The girl stares down at you. You swallow. You’ve made it this far and you’re still short on help. “I… need friends. Guardians. Could you possibly help?”

She turns her blade aside and steps forward. Leaning down, she grabs you by the collar and hauls you up. Dropping you on your feet, her eyes harden. “How did you get here?”

Someone thumps into the walls nearby.

“Let go of me! My love is in here and she needs me!”

The girl sends a glare your way, then scoops the scabbard off the wall and throws her door open.

Only to have a winged girl slam into her, throwing her back inside. Fluffy, white wings with purple frames attached just below a head of fluffy pink hair.

“Mystia?”

She pulls herself back up and spins to face you. A deep red, sleeveless top with more frills than you’ve ever seen in one place covers her big, fat chest, but little else. A matching skirt hangs from her waist but fails to reach even halfway down her legs. Long gloves run up almost to her shoulders. Simple shoes cover the only article of a different color: sheer, black socks with intricate floral patterns that reach just above her knees.

‘Honda’ adorns one breast in glittery gold lettering, with ‘Naoko’ on the other. What kind of champion wears that?

A pair of spectral men in heavy armor stomp into the room, seizing her. “Our apologies, lady Konpaku. We’ll have this girl out in just a moment—”

Mystia kicks, throwing her body around as they turn back.

A foot crashes into the wall.

“Wait!” The girl—Konpaku—hisses.

They pause. Mystia stills.

“Let’s talk.”

They turn back around, bringing Mystia with them. “What’s there to say? We caught her intruding.”

The woman pauses, taking a breath. “Lady Yuyuko is asleep. Quiet down.”

“No!” Mystia pouts back at the girl. “Naoko’s gonna get raped if…”

You shake your head, flailing your hands, then pressing a finger to your lips. That last thing you want is to parade your vulnerabilities to every human and youkai you…

Mystia smiles back. “Sorry, Naoko. Your pussy’s too important to me.”

The guards look aside, away from Mystia. Konpaku slaps her own hand across Mystia’s lips. “Language!”

Konpaku pauses. “Is there some beast you ran from? Is it a threat to Hakugyokurou?”

You take a step back, bumping into the wall. “I don’t think s…”

Are they? Mystia, Wriggle, Kagerou, Murasa? None of them pose a threat to someone like Yuyuko.

But the book? You never encountered it since the library, but it did possess one of the most powerful women in the village.

Mystia twists, failing to so much as jostle her captors. “It’s safe.”

“Then throw them out, or…” Konpaku sets her scabbard down and waves the guards away. “Leave them here but guard the door. I’ll dismiss you when we’ve finished.”

They let go, bowing. Then they turn around and leave the room, shutting the door behind them. Konpaku pulls the empty scabbard from beside her futon and sheathes the naked sword, then sets both blades down. She kneels at the edge of the futon.

Nerves tight, you kneel near her, with Mystia across from you.

The three of you stare at the floor between as you consider what to do next.

A hot breath brushes past your ear from behind. From… the wall. You twist, finding the cheeky grin of a disembodied face. You bite down a shriek as you twist and fumble backward, landing on your ass, across from Konpaku.

The face approaches, the full, almost plump body of a proud noblewoman following suit. She smiles as she floats down, settling on her knees.

She turns to you, barely jostling her mess of soft, curly hair. She reaches a hand out and ruffles your own hair.

You turn to Konpaku, who rubs her scalp.

“When you said r…” she looks across from her. The woman smiles back.

“Lady Yuyuko, how long have you been here?”

“Oh, don’t worry about that. Now,” she turns to you, “I heard some juicy gossip about a monster threatening some poor maiden’s pussy.”

Your voice croaks. “Ms. Yuyuko?”

“Yes?”

“Y-You. You’re Lady Yuyuko? Mistress of the dead?”

“Only some of them.” Her smile turns warm, but with a touch of condescension.

You pause, half dumbfounded. Before you can think, a question tumbles from your tongue.

“How do I… look, to you?”

“It’s too dark to see, silly. But…” She runs a finger in circles on your knee. “That’s not really what you want to know, is it?”

Your spine tingles.

“As to whether or not I’d want to taste some fresh fugu, plated on your thighs….”

Konpaku locks up. As do you. You just barely met her and you’ve asked if she wanted to fuck you. Would she interpret that as stupidly forward, or the more biting question you most likely meant? Is there any way to…

“The answer is not yet, but I hear these desires can come on quite suddenly.” She pats your knee. “Let’s leave that aside for now. The farmer’s misfortunate daughter traveled quite a distance to reach, of all places, the Netherworld. I’d adore it if you could tell me just which youkai managed to chase you so far.” 

You look between the figures of Yuyuko and Konpaku, under the dim light. “Do you know who I am?”

Yuyuko claps her hands. “You’re quite the lady killer, from what I hear. A fine delicacy to every feminine monster and a sultry morsel even to the civilized. All of this, despite a painfully average birth.”

“…Do you know why I left the farm?”

Yuyuko grins. “I couldn’t say, though I have to wonder if it involved a few jilted lovers.”

You laugh, short and sarcastic. “That’s how they’d see it. What about what happened…” you take a breath, counting the time that’s passed, “two nights ago?”

Konpaku puts a hand to her chin. “Nothing important happened at that time, but there were extra patrols yesterday… An attack?”

Yuyuko claps her hands. “Good job, Youmu! Yes, she got tag-teamed by ferocious beasts.” She turns to you. “But who attacked you and which position did they use?”

You shake your head. “It was a werewolf and a tsukumogami. I escaped to the village the next morning.”

Yuyuko turns to Konpaku. Youmu? “Hey, Youmu. Do you think they spit-roasted her?”

Youmu’s head spins away. “How would I know!”

You cough. “They had no… no d- they didn’t have the anatomy for that.”

Yuyuko turns to you. “So, you do know what it means.”

You sigh, tired. “It’s been a long year, Lady Saigyouji.”

She pats your head. “Aww, how cute.”

Cute? This is cute?

A stray wisp of air slips under your dress, brushing into your slit. You press your thighs together. “While there I encountered a magic book. Something demonic. It also… It possessed the bookkeeper and used her to…”

“Ravish you, I imagine.”

You shift your legs just slightly. “Yes. We got away, a reporter flashed me, and I met someone pretending to be my sister. I went home, where I found a tentacle buried inside my…”

“Maiden’s flower? Feminine core? Love hole? Or did slip up your backdoor?”

Youmu groans. Whether at her excessive interest or odd word choice, you’re not sure.

“Not my… butt.” Would ‘ass’ have offended her? “It was the other… hole. We exterminated it—”

“We?”

“Me and the fake. Then the book from before found a new host and Shizuha—”

“Shizuha?”

“The goddess of autumn. I met her just after returning to the village. Which we now left, where we…”

You point at Mystia, eyes hard. “We met her alongside an accomplice.”

Mystia looks back at you, then at the other two. She rubs her neck. “Oh, that was last night. Of course. Right, right, right. Yeah, we kidnapped her. Wriggle did mean stuff to her, but she professed her love and we made out. She spaced out at some point too, I think.”

“I… had a vision of a sorceress, I think. She said something about a contract.” You swallow. “Wriggle made me…”

Yuyuko tilts her head, still smiling. “Pleasure her?”

“Yes. I escaped soon after, but…” You turn back to Mystia.

She scratches her head. “I panicked. And I, uh, raped her.” She bows her head. “Sorry.”

You swallow, shifting your ass. “A Buddhist scared her off, saving me. Later I returned to the village with the perverted journalist and she showed me a way into the realm of the rear door. There I reunited with Mystia, under my own terms, and we met the goddess of that realm. She sent us here.”

“My, what strange company you keep.” She pauses, sliding a hand down your shoulder. “Could you tell us just a little more about this goddess and just why she sent you here?”

You tug the edge of your dress over your hips. “She offered me a new ally, in return for some favor.”

She squeezes your shoulder. “She decided you’d acquire this companion here?”

“…Yes. She said it was a skilled swordswoman serving you, I think.”

Yuyuko’s voice turns frosty. “She did, did she? And why did she expect me to hand one over?”

“I… don’t know. I don’t know what she wants or plans. That’s just the offer she gave.”

“And your avian concubine isn’t enough?”

Mystia preens, humming.

“I…” You glance back to Mystia. “I can’t protect myself alone. From the others, or from her.”

“You think she sees you like a tender steak?”

“Yes.” You hunch down. “If you want something from me in return, I’ll listen.”

Yuyuko’s eyes narrow in the dim light. She places a hand on your thigh, by the slit in your dress.

She lifts your dress, exposing your bare, almost frizzy mound. Your hands pounce into the dress’s folds, pressing it back over your crotch.

Yuyuko coughs and looks aside. She stands up. “My apologies, young lady. We’ll decide how to handle you tomorrow. Guards.”

Opening the door, the spectral knights return to the room.

“These womena are tired. Show these women to a good bed, please.”

They nod. You get up, allowing them to escort you out. They guide you down a long hallway, one guard in front and one behind, with Mystia on your right. You pass through an open hall, only a sequence of columns between you and what appears to be a rock garden to your side. Though you’re forced to guess based on the few shapes you make out in the midnight gloom.

You hug yourself, clenching the light fabric of your dress close to your body. What was Okina thinking?

You pass back into the structure’s interior, turning to the left, then the right, before the guards finally stop. The leader opens a door to your left, ushering the two of you inside. You find a thick, silky futon on the floor to your right, with a desk beside it, in the far corner. Nothing else stands out to you in the gloom, save the small window your only light comes from.

The door closes behind you.

Sighing, you crawl onto the futon, just catching a muffled, girly chirp behind you.

Mystia throws her top off, revealing what appears to be her ever-erect nipples, seemingly bare. Her hands slide down her sides and push her skirt off.

Your breath catches. “W-what the hell are you doing?”

She pauses, her head tilting. “We can’t sleep in these, right?”

“That- well- I mean. It would be okay, I think? Just one night should be—”

She tuts, waving a finger. “We can’t make a good impression in wrinkled clothes, can we?” She pushes her skirt down, dropping it to her ankles. You look away.

Shoes tock against the floor as you stare down your dark dress. You poke and tug at it. You’ve already been raped what, four, five times? Six? What’s one more abuse? Feeling sick, you pull it off and pray Mystia reins herself in for just one night.

She scares you but, damnit, you need Yuyuko’s support.

Folding the dress, you set it down beside the futon and take a deep breath. The warm night air fills your lungs as you rub your bare stomach. The shade conceals some of your near-total nudity, though you wish your ‘underwear’ would contribute something to that as well. Anything. Swallowing, you kneel and pull yourself into the futon. You lay on your side, head nestled into a deep, fluffy pillow. You lie facing the window.

Gently, the blanket rises, her legs sliding in behind you. A moment of shuffling later and she lies down, letting the blanket fall over you once more.

The futon’s nice. Not the sagging soft of Mystia’s or Okina’s beds, but not as hard as your own home. Your…

Mystia pokes your shoulder blade. “Can I… can I hug you? Please?”

You grunt. “Fine.”

Her arms slide around your midsection, pulling you close as her head slips into the crook of your neck. And her smothering tits press into your back, complete with warning bell nipples.

She giggles. “Thank you, Naoko. I’ll be good, I promise.”

You sigh. “Just… just keep your hands off anything sensitive.”

“Yes, yes.” Mystia hums, then cuts off. “Oh, I guess you don’t want to hear my song anymore, huh?”

“Song?”

“The one about you? About your, well,” her voice drops just above a whisper, “your ass. The one I sang in the forest, when we uh, captured you.”

Oh. That one. “I don’t.”

“Okay.”

A quiet moment passes as Mystia’s head shifts from your neck to the back of your head. She nestles into your hair.

What do you do now? Did Okina expect you to act differently? Did she scam you with that offer? Does she have something up her sleeve?

Or did Yuyuko hide something under her hostility?

What do you do if you win her favor? Do you just walk out with her warrior? Try to get lessons? Would it help if you did?

If you leave, where do you go? Mystia rustles, rubbing her coarse nipples across your back. You worry about what you’ll find in the morning. Is it even worth resisting these people?

“Say, Mystia. What do you want to do tomorrow?”

She giggles. Again. “You don’t want to know.”

You groan. “Besides fucking me.”

“You still don’t want to know.”

“Besides marrying me?”

“Still no.”

“Besides dating me?”

“Well, if we skip all the lovey-dovey stuff… I think I should get back to my cart at some point. Those eels won’t cook themselves.”

You sigh. “Eel, huh? I wonder what it would’ve been like, to just taste your cooking. Before that night.”

“Which one?”

“Any of them.”

She squeezes you, nuzzling your neck again. “Just give me some time. I’ll make up for it.”

“You’d better. If you don’t, I…”

You drift to sleep.



You sprint forward, staggering down a rolling, peach-colored plain dotted in small, thin hairs. You stumble, skidding to a stop before a pair of perfectly spherical hills, just taller than you, topped with coarse, rose-colored lumps. The plain drops off on either side of the hills. An enormous leg stomps into the ground below, followed by another. Thick brown fur blankets both, meeting together in a bare, dripping slit, covered in a mess of much thinner hairs. The giant kneels, her hairy crotch thumping into something just past the spherical hills. A quake ripples through the land beneath you.

The plain jerks, lurching upward and sending you to the hills. You crash into their soft edges, feet sliding into the tight valley between. Furry arms, ending in claws, reach out toward you as the plain levels off again.

Eyes wide and sweat pouring, you turn and run. Sprinting back down the plain, you bolt up a subtle incline and skid around a depression, just avoiding the lumpy pit inside. Soon you’re running downward, watching another giant leg flung upward in the distance. You slow, jogging down as you spot the leg’s base meeting the plain.

A second leg extends out to one side, with a puffy mound and an open, wet slit between them. Folds of pink, spongy flesh protrude from the interior of that mound.

The plain—the stomach—behind you arcs again and your feet lose purchase. A leg falls across the idle one as you fall. Just as your feet slip across the squishy folds of this land’s mound, the gaping maw of another woman’s pussy descends from above.

You catch yourself and spin around as you fall. Then the second pussy crashes into your back, trapping you between the dripping hot, squelching folds of two cunts.

The women above and beneath you seem bigger than before.

The rank odor of lust chokes your lungs as you squirm beneath the giant’s weight. Her crotch pushes down, dragging you further in. Her pussy lips rub against your hair, drenching it in her juices even as she plunges your face into the pussy below.

Thick, gushing fluid pours down your throat before she grinds upward, freeing your drenched head from their flesh. You choke, coughing out heavy globs of their juices.

Hacking, you look up. Three images appear before you. A violet book, a glowing, red ring, and an orange door. All float above the stomach. Time slows, almost to a stop, as the objects transform into familiar figures. From the book, Patchouli, scrutinizing you like a puzzle. From the ring, Kosuzu, whimpering, then sneering. She fades to static, then turns into a blurry image of Akyuu. From the door, Okina, a twinkling eye the only sign of emotion on her face.

You stretch your arm out.

“Patchou-lph…” thick folds of heavy flesh squish and press around your head as thicker fluids drench your skin. The spongy walls contract, compacting your arms to your sides as they press the air from your lungs.

The pussy above grinds upward, blocking out the light and smothering your body in it’s choking, smothering aroma.

Then the black before your eyes burns violet and the upper pussy jerks away. You grope puffy mound around you, seeking but failing to find purchase. Desperate, you pinch the flesh between your fist, using the leverage to free your spare hand. Tiring, you yank your it out and grab hold of the other side. Dazed you glance around, seeing the shallow belly rise and fall ahead, and your giant’s legs sprawled out behind you. The other pair stumbles into the night.

It all seems so familiar.

The muscles around you contract again, threatening to pull you in. You wheeze, shoving your hands straight down to push yourself up. You heave, pulling your bust free. A tremor ripples up through her cunt, sending your hands into a desperate vice-grip, but her sucking walls to swallow one of your shins. Straining, gasping, you keep the rest of your body free, waiting for her muscles to relax. Finally, the grip on your leg weakens and you throw yourself out, sprinting between her hip bones to her stomach’s subtle incline.

You wheeze, sputtering out globs of pussy juice.

Your chest heaves, throat burning as you take in long, greedy gulps of cunt-scented air. Then, finally, you collapse, laying on the calm, peach-colored plain.

It twitches, red lights flaring across the skin underneath you. You startle, pulling yourself back up as giant, glowing rings form over the plain ahead and the legs behind.

Red rings.

The crotch jerks up, throwing you across the flat belly. You tumble across that shallow hill, skidding back down before crashing into the narrow gully between enormous breasts.

More purple lights flash across the body, layering atop the red and holding the giant still. You pick yourself up once more, knees shaking. Wiping sweat from your chin, you take a hesitant look, finding the violent lightshow of two magic powers battling over a single salacious titan.

Then your legs snap together, thighs and shins grinding into each other. Your arms follow suit, pressing tight to your sides and hips. You glance down.

At least four separate rings have formed around your body, reaching from your chest to your ankles. You twist and squirm, but you remember these. You’re going nowhere until they’re gone.

Your feet slip up and away from the soft plain. You watch, helpless, as the titan drops out beneath you, the rings pulling you slowly upward. Then your motion stops. You crane your neck, finding Patchouli floating to one side, her long lavender hair splaying out as she stretches a glowing hand out toward you.

A giant hand bats her away as another hand folds in around you, trapping your bust between the index and middle fingers, the thumb pressed to your cheek. The rings vanish as the hand pulls you away.

It twists, turning you to see Kosuzu’s enormous face. Licking her lips, she opens her gaping maw and pulls you close. Her oppressive, panting breath washes over you as she rotates you once more and slides you in, closing her mouth.

As she presses the smooth, wet weight of her lips to your entire head, a faint, violet glow graces the edges of your vision.



Startled, you wake. Faint daylight streams in through the small window as slender hands fold and press around each of your breasts. A pair of fingers rubs the edges of one nipple, giving it experimental squeezes. You shudder. Heavy breasts and swollen nipples still press into your back, their body now shivering. It’s legs curl around one thigh, trailing wet arousal up and down it.

You squirm, annoyed by the faint hint of your own desire, lurking at the corner of your mind.

Then you wake in earnest, reaching behind to your captor’s sides and shoving her back.

She resists, digging her fingers into your breasts and warbling between panting kisses to your neck.

You move your hands from her side to her wrists. “Let go, Mystia.”

Her lips still, but she squeezes harder. “C’mon. I’ll be good later, I swear. Just give me this, I need it so bad.”

You yank at her arms, heaving. They pull away, freeing you. You stumble forward, crawling away from Mystia. You roll over to see her, scooting your mostly bare ass across the mercifully soft tatami. She crawls out of the futon, wearing wide puppy-dog eyes and licking her lips. And that ‘underwear’ exposing her nipples and leaking slit.

Her wings flare out, ready to… lunge?

Her right hand wanders to her crotch, two fingers slipping inside her pussy. “Please. You’ve no idea just how bad it is. Just one fuck, please~”

You back into the wall. For a moment you sit there, hunched over with a hand planted before your crotch. “You came on the promise you’d protect me, remember? From precisely this shit!”

“I know. I did my best, I swear. But I just can’t take it anymore. Just one little fuck.”

She plants a hand between your knees, followed by her head. She leans forward, sniffing the hand before your crotch.

“You smell so good.”

You jerk one knee inward, colliding with her skull. She pauses, blinking. You hurl your foot into her chest, startling her. You shove it in with all your might, knocking her back.

She falls back on her ass.

You grunt. “We’re done.”

Her eyes flare out. “Wait, wait, wait!” Pussy leaking, thighs and wings twitching, she holds her left hand out. “We can talk this over, right?”

Her right hand slips back over her cunt.

“Those were the terms. You don’t touch me without permission, remember?”

“I- I- I…” She winces. “I’ll be good, I swear. Just…” She groans, pumping two fingers in and out of her pussy. “Uuurgh. Please, please give me permission. Let me touch you. Fuck you. Let me make sweet, sweet love to you.”

You pause, thinking it over.

“No.” Not when she’s like this.

“Pleeeease~”

You glare back. “No.”

Her lip trembles as her eyes beg. And her fingers pump inside her. She doubles over, puppy dog eyes collapsing into a focused grimace. She groans as her left hand grabs the nearby breast, squeezing and kneading. Her skin sheens with sweat as you sit there, half-shaking.

“Oh, Naoko. Naoko~”

You learn forward and crawl, circling around behind her, where you find the dresses you’d both shed last night.

“Oh, oh, oh!”

You reach down, grabbing your dress with trembling fingers. Is this it? Does this happen to everyone? Will this happen to the swordswoman? Konpaku? You pull the dress over your head, thinking.

Should you hit her with another beam? Or is that what’s responsible for this clusterf—

Mystia grunts, shaking. “Oh, Naoko, I’m cu—”

Her thighs quiver, then return to more irregular shakes. “Urgh! C- come- on-”

You press the dress to your stomach, taking some solace in the embrace of opaque fabric over your privates.

Mostly.

Mystia rolls over, lifting her pelvis as her left hand slides from her bust to her ass.

“H- hey. T- this lo-ooks h-hot, ri… right?” She pants, now fidgeting more than pumping her pussy while she probes her asshole.

She grunts, getting her first finger in as you turn away, back to the window. You walk back around her and lean through the open, circular hole. At least the air’s pleasant here, if a bit stale.

Mystia screeches behind you as you try to take in the air.

You’d love to leave. To go somewhere safe and permanent. You want to talk with Yuyuko to know at least what happens next. But you’ve never been here. You don’t know the customs, rules, or even which sections are off-limits. Hell, for all you know, it might offend her just to leave your room without permission.

And so, you grit your teeth as Mystia pants and huffs. As the squelching sound of now-vigorous fingering floats to your ears.

Maybe they were right. Maybe you’ll just find yourself back under her heel.

A heavy hand raps on your door.

Mystia screeches again, this time in ecstasy.

You turn and jog back, sidestepping her panting, collapsed body.

“I… I dedicate thi… this performance to you.”

You slide the door open a hair and position yourself in the crack, hoping you’re not too obvious about it.

You find a new guard, a rugged face under a thorn-bush of stark white hair. Heavily-armored like the others.

“Lady Yuyuko wishes to see you.”

You bow, briefly, then look back. Mystia sighs, naked save the ‘bra’ and ‘panties.’ And wet.

“I’ll be there as soon as I can.”

“She insists you come at once.”

You look between Mystia and the guard.

The guard sighs. “We can look after her.”

“…Thank you.” You bow and slip out. Taking one last look over your shoulder, you call back to her. “Don’t forget to clean up.”

Mystia, still shaking, nods.

The guard marches away, making you jog a short distance to catch up. Now under the growing light of day, you find the mansion surprisingly mundane.

Not plain by any stretch — elaborate tapestries decorate many of the inner walls, the sheer size of the estate speaking much to the ruler’s wealth. But in many ways, it just looks like what you’d expect from a wealthy lord. A wealthy, earthly lord.

Even the sky looks the same.

The hallway ends in a door decorated in an intricate image of branches heavy with assorted birds and fruits. He slides it open, revealing a quiet room with a circular table wide enough to sit perhaps eight people with some space to spare. In the center a golden-brown, sizzling chicken lies atop a silver platter, next to a matching platter of vegetables and two pots, both steaming. Four plates lay near the edges. Yuyuko sits behind it, smiling back at you in a light-blue dress. One simpler than you’d expect of her station. A gruff but slender, bald man stands behind her, wearing an apron.

You step inside and stand before the table, opposite Yuyuko.

A snicker. “Glad to see you’re here.”

The voice makes you twitch. Turning, you find Satono sitting to one side. She grins back, waving.

“Don’t worry. I’m just here to help.”

Yuyuko giggles. “Please, sit.”

You kneel, settling under the table.

“Ken’ichi, if you would.”

“Of course.” The man kneels and pulls out a butcher’s knife, which he presses into the chicken, calm but methodical.

Yuyuko leans back, eyes slanted toward Satono. Not aroused, as far as you can tell. “You push me to a corner, handmaiden. But the answer, I’m afraid, is no.”

Satono stares back, face guarded. “Are you so sure? Given the village’s state, I dare think you should—”

“On the contrary. The fact you’ve not taken her place tells me it’s not quite so important.”

“Please, you know our mistress. She just hates getting her hands dirty.”

Yuyuko snaps her fingers as she heaps a hefty portion of vegetables on her plate, followed by a heavy chunk of fresh-cut chicken. “I realize you have no pride, but surely you must have some shame.”

“Think of it like an opportunity. You’d have a chance to see firsthand, or through your servant, what they’re talking about.”

“Hushed whispers in seedy bars, brothels, and alleys. Hardly a topic worthy of my interest.” A servant arrives, carrying small bowls. Yuyuko takes one and has them fill it to the brim with a steaming soup from one pot as she pours rice from the other to her plate.

Satono starts helping herself as Yuyuko snaps her fingers again. The servants bustle around you, removing your plate.

Yuyuko pushes her plate and bowl toward you, accepting the empty plate and filling it again, now with far smaller portions.

You glance between her and the plate. She nods. Blushing, you pull it close.

Satono chuckles. “Don’t sweat it. She’s just showing off.”

“I’m a hospitable host, handmaiden.”

Yuyuko holds up a steaming carrot slice, then slips it into her mouth, rolling it over inside. She chews, slowly and thoughtfully.

You poke at your own heaping plate, worrying about what this gesture means. A servant offers you a pair of chopsticks, which you use to pick at the rice.

It’s touched with spices you’ve never tasted before. You’re not sure what to think.

“Perhaps I could do it.”

You pause. You and Satono both look to Yuyuko, who dabs at her lips with an embroidered cloth.

“I could lend you my gardener. If you do something for me while you’re gone.”

You heart thumps, twice. “I wi—” You stop. No. Take it slow. “What would I do?”

“A dear friend of mine has run into a bit of trouble with a subordinate of hers. I lend little Youmu to you, and she helps you fix my friend’s problem. Once you’ve taken care of your own problems, of course.”

Your skin chills. “How would I help?”

Yuyuko smiles, a perfect mask of innocence. “Well, that’s just up to you. I think you have the tools, though~”

Satono sighs. “We could do that too.”

“Strange then, that you chose not to offer.”

“We do now. If Naoko extends another favor our way.”

You take a sip of your soup. Miso, with a hint of… something. “And what favor would that be?”

“You’ll just have to wait and see.”

“Of course.”

Yuyuko puts a finger to her lip. “Your sparrow looked quite cute, by the way. I hope she’s not been too hard to tame.”

You tilt your head, hesitant to assume her meaning. 
You take another sip, holding your breath steady as your brow furrows. You already promised Okina one blank favor. For this. To get precisely this thing. Now she needs a second one just to follow through? She couldn’t be bothered to get off her ass to fulfill her end of the bargain?

And they won’t tell you what either favor is? And nothing from Yuyuko either, for that matter. You set the bowl down, breathing out.

“How about Mystia? Can I just trade her for the swordswoman?”

Yuyuko slices off a sliver of wing and slides it, almost sensually, between her lips. She sends you a sinister smile. “Quite cruel of you, just trading your companion away like that.”

You frown. “She’s earned it. In spades.”

Yuyuko giggles, softly. “I’ll accept her as collateral, but surely you could find something more to offer me? Something to better console me for my loss?”

Satono laughs. “You’ve had your eyes set on that bird since you met.”

Yuyuko pouts. “It’s not polite to poke at me this way, you know.”

Satono shrugs.

You lean forward. “Please, Lady Yuyuko. I need help. I need someone strong to protect me.”

She giggles, licking her lips and pulling small slivers of chicken to her rice. “I’m afraid Youmu’s still cuter than both of you.”

You pause, blinking, then slump. You’ve already racked up far more ‘debts’ than you ever should have needed. There must be some way to protect yourself without more, right?

Right?

“And you call us tasteless?”

You look up. Satono stares at Yuyuko, flat and unimpressed.

Yuyuko scowls. “Oh, fine. Just go and ruin the whole show, why don’t you?” She turns to you. “Yes, yes. I’ll accept the trade. We’ll watch over the sparrow while you go gallivanting with Youmu. Just...”

She leans over the table, inviting you close. You lean in. In a lower voice, she continues. “Bring her back with her purity intact, would you? I dislike making examples out of people.”

She leans back, plopping a chunk of rice on her tongue.

Sweating, you sit back yourself. “Thank you, Lady Yuyuko. I’ll treat her well.”

She smiles, chewing, then swallows as she waves it off. “Of course, you will. Now, Handmaiden. We’ve made the deal, you’re welcome to leave at any time.”

Satono stands and bows. “Okina sends her regards.” She reaches up and taps her own back.

She then twists, contorting into a vaguely purplish vortex before winking out of existence.

Yuyuko sighs. “Don’t worry about her. They do that.”

You stare at the spot Satono used to sit. “I… see.”

The two of you sit in silence a while, eating from your plates. As your palate adapts, you find an exotic, pleasing sweetness to the meal.

Yuyuko snaps her finger and the servant departs.

“How does it feel?”

You slurp down the last of your soup. “Pardon?”

Yuyuko’s eyes narrow, twinkling. “Being the most succulent meat on the market. Having even gods pursue you.”

You choke. You pound your chest until breathing returns. “Gods? Which ones? I don’t remember…”

“Oh?” Yuyuko grins. “She never told you? Oh dear, oh my. How cruel of her. Should I tell you?”

You swallow. Is it Okina herself? “Who is it?”

“Why, gods, of course. More than one. What do you think they want? Had I swung that way, I think it would be your slightly above average bust. But Okina’s more of a butt girl. She’s quite sinister, by the way. The sort that always has at least one hidden agenda with you, usually two or three.”

You look down, then back up, narrowing your eyes. “You think I should have refused her?”

“Of course not. As shady as she is, goddesses like her are also quite temperamental. Now, I believe your guardian angel should be…”

There’s a knock on the door.

“Go ahead. She’s waiting for you.”

You nod and stand. Turning, you reach the door and pull it open. Youmu stands at attention, both blades sheathed at her hip, her hands carrying your gloves and boots.

Mystia bolts out from behind her, tackling you to the ground and burying her face in your neck.

She takes a long, loud sniff. She pulls back, hands on your shoulders. “Sorry about this morning. I’ll do better, I promise.”

She rubs her thighs together.

Yuyuko giggles. “Why, of course you will. You’ll have hours of practice, after all.”

She looks up, wide-eyed and blinking. “Huh?”

You clear your throat, looking away. “We… made a deal. You’re staying with her for now.”

“What! Why?”

You stare back at her. She sags.

“Oh. It was that bad?”

Youmu steps forward and pulls her up, off you. She hands you your gloves and boots, which you pull up your arms and legs. Snapping tight to your skin, you find eyes drawn to your shoulders and upper thighs. Grumbling, you stand and pull the slit skirt across your thighs.

Yuyuko beckons Mystia. “This way, little sparrow.”

“I… I didn’t agree to this!”

You let out a tired, frustrated sigh. “We need some time apart, anyway.”

Mystia pouts. “But I wanna be with you.”

“Youmu dear, escort Ms. Honda, if you would.”

“At once, Lady Yuyuko.” Youmu gestures toward the hall. “Ms. Honda, this way.”

“Have a good trip!” Yuyuko waves.

You give Yuyuko a quick bow, waving as Youmu guides you down the hall. A pair of guards falls in between you and Mystia, shutting the door behind you.

Youmu marches in silence, her stark white hair bobbing at her brisk pace. More than once, you find yourself jogging to keep up. You pass a few guards on patrol, each nodding to Youmu as you pass. She turns sharp at each corner and intersection, soon striding through a pair of double doors, into the morning light.

She trots down a wide flight of stairs to the mansion walls, silent as the guards open the gates. You step through it and down another long flight of wide stairs. As you reach the bottom, you find your legs wobbling onto uneven, rocky roads waiting. Your shallow heels click across the ground as you pull to a stop, resting hands atop knees and panting. Youmu stops, tapping her feet.

You pull yourself together and continue forward, marching beside her.

The next leg of this journey continues in silence, passing odd, worn down trees and scraggly grass. You smell… nothing. Uneasy, a thought comes to your mind.

“Mystia will be fine, right?”

Youmu stops, turning toward you. She shakes her head and returns to her forward march. “If she’s under Lady Yuyuko’s roof, yes.”

You sigh, glancing back to the silhouette of stairs in the distance. Youmu grabs your wrist, pulling you close to her chest. You look away, blushing, confused by sudden advance.

You find yourself staring at a giant gate that she shoves open. Just before scooping up your legs and lunging in.

Bright light overwhelms you as the wind rushes past. A wave of burning heat washes over you as the light clears, revealing a wide, expansive sky, and the ground far, far below you. Your hands leap around Youmu’s neck as she soars downward, before remembering your own capabilities.

“I… I can fly.”

Youmu slows down.

“What?”

“I can fly!”

“O-Oh. Okay.” She drops you.

You plunge toward the earth for only a moment before your power ignites, righting you and slowing your descent to a crawl. The two of you drop to a nearby road, touching down on the dirt. As the rush of air subsides, you find its hot weight pressing down on you.

Youmu rubs her brow. “Let us keep pace. We must leave this oppressive heat.” She marches down the road. You follow, listening to the cry of summer chicadas.

She looks back, barely slowing. “Tell me, Ms. Honda. What incident threatens Gensokyo?”

You pause. “Incident?”

“Yes. The urgent affair that demanded my hand. Lady Yuyuko assured me you’d know of its nature and how to aid me.”

“She did?” When did Yuyuko tell her this? You’d been with her from before you settled the deal to when you met Youmu. What on earth…

Youmu stops, staring, head tilted higher than it needs to. “Yes. What incident threatens us?”

“I…” Your mouth flounders, but you settle on the truth. “It’s just some personal troubles. Some youkai… bullying me. I don’t think it extends beyond that.”

You’re not the threat, are you?

“I see.” Youmu turns back to her forward march. You jog up alongside her.

“What sort of bullying?”

“The… sexual kind.”

Youmu stares down to the road, cheeks red. “Oh.”

Long shadows stretch across the road, bathed in the blueish tint of early morning light. An already sweltering morning.

She shakes her head. “We’re to find out together, then.”

“I don’t think there is an incident.”

She clenches a fist, her eyes shining with determination. “There is. Lady Yuyuko said as much. You may not realize it yet, but you’re the key to it.”

“I’m not an incident, I swear!”

She claps you on the shoulder. “Of course not. You’re the key.”

You shake your head, baffled. “What does that mean?”

Youmu sighed. “I have no idea.”

“Did Yuyuko tell you this?”

“Of course.”

You stare down the road, finding the silhouette of the village in the distance. You’ve spent half an hour with that lady and you already find Aya more trustworthy, but this woman works for her and trusts her every word? “What do you think of her?”

Youmu smiles. “She says a lot of weird things, but she’s beautiful. And wise. She’s a great master and someone I’m proud to serve. She really pushes me to my limits. You should find someone like that yourself. It really helps.”

You shake your head. “I’ve had my fill of masters.”

Youmu tilts her head. “Perhaps a lover or friend then? Someone whose mere presence pushes you to do your best for them?”

You put a finger to your moist chin. You love your parents. You trust your brothers and sisters, Ayame especially. But to push you? None but your enemies have really made that possible. Not these days, anyway. There is the Hakurei, but despite what she symbolizes, you’ve never actually met her.

“I don’t know.”

“You should think on it further, then. No task brings greater satisfaction.”

“I see.” Perhaps you should visit her sometime. You’re starting to develop some capabilities. But then, even you’ve heard of her finances. She wouldn’t go full youkai on you, would she?

A ferocious glust blasts into you. Your feet slide back along the dry, dusty road. As it clears, you find Aya’s smug grin, topped by that tokin.

She leaps forward, slinging an arm around your shoulder and spinning you away from Youmu. She leans into your ear.

“You and me. Sunset. Your farm.”

She lets go and steps back. “Thanks for the help last night. And what do you know? Look what I found while scoping the place out.” She pulls a thick, violet-bound book from behind. “Practically begged me to take it to you.”

She holds the book out toward you. You reach to accept her offer.

She grabs your wrist and shoves it down her skirt, underneath her panties. Short, prickly hairs scratch at your fingers as she holds it to her soft, wet pussy. She sighs, happy, then pops it back out, dumping the book in your arms.

A sense of relief washes out from it.

“My job is done here.” She twists around and soars away.

Youmu turns to you, frowning at the book. “What was that about?”

“Someone requested this. Aya promised to help find it last night, but it disappeared.”

“That’s it?”

You sigh. “Apart from the… ‘bullying,’ yes.”

Violet lights shine around you, growing brighter. Something tugs on your body. Then, in a reddened flash, the pressure dies and the lights wink out.

Youmu stares, blinking, then blushes. “W-well uh, who requested it?”

“Ms. P…”

Youmu throws a hand across your face, pressing a finger to her lips.

You pause. Chicadas whine and leaves shuffle. A giant hornet bursts from the trees, surging toward you. A light flashes out and it falls apart, bisected. Two more hornets charge toward you. Youmu slices both in the blink of an eye. She grabs your wrist and races forward. You stumble over your feet, struggling to keep up with her as she surges toward the village. Centipedes scuttle into the road. Wasps, butterflies, and mosquitoes swarm through the air. Throngs of ants and beetles crowd around the centipedes.

She looks back. “How well can you fly?”

“Decent. Not fast.”

“Very well.” Youmu spins and scoops you back into her arms. She kicks off, soaring into the air. Her arms tremble. The sky behind and to your sides darkens.

“Come back here you cowards!” You both turn to find Wriggle soaring after you, her black cloak flapping in the wind.

Youmu swallows, teeth chattering. “Leave your foul minions behind and I’ll accept.”

“How dare you call them that! Take it back!”

“Fine, I take it back! I’ll accept your challenge. Just not with them around!”

“That’s two on one!”

“I’ll fight you myself. Just get rid of the bugs!”

The insects pause. Youmu slows down, watching Wriggle.

“Tie her up. The winner gets her.”

Youmu stares her down. “Why tie her up?”

“So she doesn’t run away when I win!”

“Didn’t I defeat you before?”

“That was a fluke! I’ll crush you this time!”

Youmu looks to you, eyes shining with focus. “Her tastes are strange, but I can beat her.”

You look to Wriggle. Given what you know about her, you hesitate to go anywhere while she’s feeling strong. But to let her tie you up? To trust her not to betray you during the battle? 
“We’ll take you on.”

Wriggle scowled. “Listen to me, damnit! I’ll fight one of you.”

You trade glances with Youmu.

“I’ll take you-”

Youmu holds you close to her modest bust. “Let me battle her.”

You look out toward Wriggle, fingers twitching, eager to beat her yourself. Despite your inexperience, you can’t shake off the image of grinding her to the dirt. Pleasant tingles run down your body at the image of her, face down, under your blue boots.

An almost primal need wells up within you to manhandle her personally.

But the thought of what would happen if you lose sends a very different shiver down your spine. Youmu’s expertise in flight alone tells you she’s the better suited to a duel. You need more practice, but you need to get it from someone who’s not her.

And you really, really want Youmu as friendly as possible while she’s here.

You hold the book close to your chest. “Alright. Kick her ass.”

Youmu blushes, but grins. “Of course.”

“Please, don’t let her win.” You find yourself muttering.

You feel her nod. “I will be your opponent, Nightbug. Prepare to lose once more.” The air shifts as she carries you down.

“I’ll make you eat those words!”

Youmu drops from the sky. Touching down, she lets you step into the cool shade and bare dirt of the forest. Wriggle lands barely a step away, hungry eyes fixated on you. You take an involuntary step back and Youmu chooses to stand between the two of you.

Wriggle rushes forward and leans around Youmu, scowling. She points to an oak tree behind you. “There.”

Youmu turns to you. You nod.

Wriggle latches on to your wrist, only for Youmu to yank her hand back off. Wriggle glowers as you march to the tree, Youmu by your side.

Wriggle points to the ground. “Sit down.”

You stare back at Wriggle, cool as you can manage, as you sit down against the tree. Soft dirt and thick, hard roots press into your ass as you line your back up against the tree.

She races behind it. “Give me your hands.”

You slip the book between the tree and your lower back.

Youmu stands by your side. You give her one last, nervous glance before sliding your arms around the trunk behind you.

Wriggle grabs your wrists and pulls, pressing your back into the bark as she forces them together. A loop of heavy, coarse rope falls across your wrists as she pulls it around and through the loop, wrapping it around them. After perhaps four loops, she shoves it up between your arms, lashing your wrists together.

Finally, she ties it off, leaving them enveloped and immobile.

She dances back in front of you. “There. All secured for my glorious victory.” She slaps her hands together then strokes your cheek, sliding her other hand down to fondle your breast. “All-”

Youmu yanks her back. “My lady’s grace will not be spoiled by your barbarism.”

Wriggle pouts, keeping her eyes on you. “Just wait a moment. Your cunt’s mine.”

Youmu glares. “Watch your tongue!”

Wriggle shrugs and turns away to face Youmu, wiggling her ass in front of you. “Let’s do this.”

Youmu gives her a short, curt bow. “At once. Ruffian.” She takes back off, floating backward into the sky.

Wriggle launches toward her.

You lean back into the rough bark. Idly, you tug at the rope. Quite secure. There might be some way to fry it with magic or cut it on something, but finding the time? You look up, watching them shoot above the canopy. They soon disappear past the leaves above.

It’s only when flashes of blue or green light pour back down that you realize the battle’s begun. You sigh, folding your legs together. You press your wrists into the bark, looking for a sharp angle. Just in case. You scratch a few times, though you don’t feel any effect. Whether or not you shou…

Tiny clicks, hums, and buzzes prick at the corners of your ears. Turning your head, you find bugs perched on every branch of every tree close enough to inspect. All facing you.

Master of insects, right. You lay your wrists back down.

You’re not getting out of here before the fight ends.

Grumbling, you look to the trees, finding no obvious landmarks. Just an endless expanse of thick oak amid a carpet of dirt, roots, and twigs, scattered with an assortment of discarded leaves. More flashes pop through the branches, followed by a stream of bullets bursting through and pummeling the dirt for a moment before it turns course back into the sky above.

Your foot brushes against something. Straining forward, you kick it to its side, finding a busted ring gag with an imprint on an inside strap.

A twig pokes into your crack. You twist, but only manage to get another sitting uncomfortably between your thighs. You push your legs out and lift yourself up, dislodging them. You sit back down on your heels, wiggling them slightly to keep the skirt’s slit from sliding across and exposing your thigh.

It takes a moment, but soon you’re settled back down with your skirt still spread across both legs.

You sigh, catching glimpses of movement above, but still not enough to guess who’s winning.

Groaning, you feel your core. The ‘energy,’ magic or whatever it is, is still there. A little stronger than yesterday, you think. Experimentally, you push it through your arms and legs. It flows easily, turning back to the core when you let it go.

It feels warm, inviting. Almost invigorating. There’s a quiet thrum there, nothing like the shaking that overtook you last night. Why is it that now, after ages of fruitless effort, you find the power rising to your fingertips within what, one day?

I took your sister a couple weeks just to get basic danmaku down. And she learned it fast.

You freeze as leaves rustle behind you. You throw a quick glance up, still catching the pops and flares of magic flung from combatant to combatant.

If they’re up there, then who’s down here?

They rustle again, behind and to your right. You pound your tight-wrapped wrists into the bark, disturbing the bugs. You send them a glare, jerking your gaze to the rustles.

They don’t respond. You throw your gaze over your shoulder, finding nothing. You throw it over the other shoulder. Still nothing.

You groan, sagging.

You catch a glimpse of Youmu through a gap in the canopy, jerking from side to side and floating away from an advancing Wriggle.

Your heart pounds.

Youmu’s not losing. She can’t.

You can’t go back to that sadist.

Someone giggles behind you. You lock up.

“W-Whoever’s there, please listen. I… I’m already claimed. If you touch me, my… the other person will get mad!”

The sounds die down. You arch your back, easing an already tense muscle. You lie back into the bark. Silence.

You swallow.

“Boo!” A young woman drops into your lap. Your mouth flies open, but no sound escapes.

She looks at you, blinking. A thick, red bob-cut frames curious eyes. A set of lean, transparent wings flutter behind a layered dress colored a warm brown.

She’s sitting on your lap and still must look up to see your eyes. Her hands, resting beside her legs, still fit on your lap. She kicks her feet against your hips.

A fairy. The first fairy you remember encountering this week.

Which, in retrospect, frazzles your mind. These forests are lousy with the pests. They frequently joined your attackers that first week. Where were they the past couple days?

Did Kagerou scare them off? How did Shizuha avoid them? Were Mystia or Wriggle involved?

“Hey, you said she’d scream!” You turn back to the fairy, who now looks off to your side. You crane your neck to find another one floating toward you with the weirdest bed-head you’ve ever seen. Her light blue hair’s perfectly smooth, but a mess of leaves sticks out from it.

Not to mention the yellow… horns? The yellow something extending from her scalp. And those yellow butterfly wings are the most ornate you’ve ever seen on a fairy’s back.

She floats across, from your right to your left, staring at you. Then she floats behind you, before returning to your right.

Then she frowns at the other fairy. “She would, if you’d done it right.”

“You just said I had to jump her.”

“You’re supposed to jump her bones.”

“What does that even mean?”

Another couple fairies float from above. One with round, stubby wings, a blue tutu and long purple hair, the other with swooping wings, a green leaf dress, and wild orange hair.

The purple one touches down and scampers over to your left. She pokes your cheek. “Hey guys, who’s she?”

The leaf-head scratches her cheek. “A human, duh.”

The purple one tilts her head. “I know that.” She pinches your cheek. “What kind of human? And why’s she all tied up?”

You glance up, straining to see through the canopy. You find the flashes barely popping above a dense portion of the canopy. Sighing, you look back down.

The orange one prances to your right. “Hey, hey. You’re the girl Eternity talks about, aren’t you?”

The leafy one nods. “What do you think?”

“Hm…” The orange one rubs your arm. “She’s just a human, isn’t she?”

Eternity steps beside your knees and leans down, gripping the edge of your dress’s slit.

You cough. “Excuse me, ladies. I mean girls. Fairies. Could you tell me your names?”

You glare at the insects behind them. A large fly rubs its antennae and buzzes off.

Eternity smiles. “Eternity Larva.” She points at the orange haired one. “Dawn River.” Then the purple one. “Twilight Raven.” Then the redhead. “Hearth Amber.”

You’re not entirely sure what those names mean, but the fairies look proud of them.

Hearth pokes your breast.

You frown. “Stop that.”

She tilts her head. “Why?”

“I don’t like being touched.”

“Why?”

Twilight lifts the slit of your dress and stares underneath. “You’ve got weird underpants.”

You clear your throat. “Please, put that down.”

Dawn slaps her hands down on your thigh. “Hey, Eternity. Do the thing!”

Your eyes whip to Eternity. “What thing?”

Eternity rubs her arm. “Aw, c’mon. It’s embarrassing.”

“What thing?”

Hearth smiles. “You’ll see.” She leaps backward, off your lap.

The three fairies stare Eternity down. “Do it. Do it. Do it.” They chant.

“Ugh, fine.” Eternity steals a glance back to you, then climbs up on your lap.

Your eyes flit between each fairy, before settling down on Eternity’s blushing face. “It’s nothing se-”

She hurls her face forward, crashing into your own.

Pain. You feel nothing but pain as your vision clears. Eternity cradles her own head.

Branches snap above you.

“Oooow.” She wails.

A body crashes into the forest floor beside you, scattering the fairies. Except Eternity, who staggers off your lap, still clutching her head. Then she floats away.

A head of short green hair with rumpled antennae and a black cape. Insects gathering around.

Wriggle lies face down in the dirt.

Youmu touches down beside her, whipping a wakizashi out as she marches around behind you.

Wriggle pulls herself onto her side. She spares only a glance to you before she glowers at Youmu behind you.

“You moved way too fast! You cheated! I demand a do-over.”

“W-what? I’d never cheat! I’m just fast. You should’ve known that.”

“No one’s that fast! You used someone else like last time, didn’t you?”

“No, I didn’t! Besides, she slowed me down!”

Your spine tingles as a blade lunges between your wrists, severing the rope around them. Without the lashing, the ropes fall right off, and you pull your hands back to your lap.

Youmu marches back in front, offering you a hand. You grab the book from behind you and let her pull you up, sighing in relief. She pats down your shoulders, then your sides. Wriggles glares up at you as Youmu pats down your hips and legs.

Youmu straightens up and rests a hand on your shoulder. “Time to depart.”

“Hey, don’t leave me! We’re not done yet! If you leave now, I swear I’ll find you and claim what’s mine!”

Youmu steps away, toward Wriggle. She unsheathes her full sword, lowering it toward Wriggle’s back. Her voice drops an octave. “Just try, insect. I dare you.”

They exchange glares. Then Wriggle slumps, defeated.

Youmu marches back to you, gesturing to the sky. “This way.” She lifts off. You follow.

Once you’re both a ways above the treeline, she breaks out into a silly grin.

“That was so cool. I was awesome back there, wasn’t I?”

Muffled, childish questions and giggles echo from the trees.

You throw your arms around her, pulling her into a hug. “You were great. Thank you so much.”

“O-oh.” She chuckles, audibly embarrassed. She pushes you back.

Blushing, she gives you a firm nod. “You’re… you’re safe with me.” She clears her throat. “A-anyway, where did you want to go?”

You hold your book up, glancing through its binding. ‘Linking Compendium,’ it says.

“The Scarlet Devil Mansion. I need to return this.”

She swallows. “Very well. Let us depart.” She glances left and right, then swerves behind you and shoots forward. You roll, twisting around to follow.

You soar after her, pushing hard and straining to maintain direction through the crushing wind. A sea of trees, interspersed by thin roads, jets backward behind you.

But Youmu just flies further ahead.

You push yourself further, tilting under the air’s overwhelming weight, but only slow the rate at which Youmu gains on you.

She glances back, slowing on her own.

You relax, regaining control as you catch up. A beaming smile twitches on and off her face as she offers you a hand.

She pulls you close and takes off again. Sprawling forests give way to a wide lake coated in a thin fog. The distant sound of giggles and squeals rings through the air as small, scattered lights dance near the water’s surface.

More fairies. You nudge Youmu. She gives you a quick glance before veering off to the side. She keeps near the shoreline as she flies around, banking slowly toward a great red mansion in the distance.

Small lights rip out from the lake surface, hurtling toward you. In a moment of panic, you kick off away from Youmu, wobbling to avoid it as the next barrage fires. Small, muffles giggles and squeals float through the foggy air as you duck under the oncoming bullets.

Youmu grabs your wrist and rockets forward, soon clearing the mist to find a wide gate made of elaborate, flowing shapes in black iron. You see a manicured courtyard through the gate with trimmed rosebushes flanking a flagstone path.

The shots fade off as you descend. With cool grass under your feet, you glance back to the find a dearth of fairy fire. You turn back to the gate, hoping to see what intimidated them.

A tall, busty woman leans against the wall, her stark red mane descending to her knees with neatly-trimmed bangs blowing across her closed eyes.

You glance back, finding no hint of oncoming bullets. But as you return to the guard, you overhear hushed voices somewhere behind you.

Youmu walks close to the guard as you approach the gate. You poke at it, feeling some give. You push, pressing your body in to overcome the metal’s weight. It swings open without further resistance.

The voices creep closer. You spin around, finding only lapping waves and blurry, grey mist.

You step backward toward the gate. Youmu flicks her gaze to you and steps away from the guard.

You step behind the walls. Youmu moves to follow you.

The gatekeeper snatches her arm. Youmu freezes.

“You’re not invited.”

Her legs twitch. “I- I’m with her. I-I’m her guardian.” The sudden timidity in her voice catches you off guard.

The gatekeeper lets go and reaches her arms out, yawning as she stretches. She turns to face you, smiling. “Orders are orders. She can’t just enter the lady’s grounds.”

Youmu twists to face her, fingering her blades as she lowers her stance. “You mean to bar us entry?”

The gatekeeper waves, returning to Youmu. “No, no, no. She,” she points to you, “can enter. You can’t.”

The gatekeeper drops into a ready stance herself, fist readied.

Youmu grips the handle for her longer sword. “Very well.”

She lunges forward, narrowly missing as the guard leaps aside. Rainbow lights pelt into the ground as you take another couple steps back.

More lights appear over the lake as a new fairy, green-haired with a distinctive sideways ponytail, locks eyes with you from the mist.

Youmu and the guard have now moved away from the gate. Which allows her to just float forward.

You take a few more steps backward. She floats through the open gate.

You pause, holding your breath. She stops.

You slide one foot back. She floats forward.

You turn and leap into the air, hurtling yourself through the air, over orange flagstones, toward the front door.

You veer to the right to avoid a grand fountain, tiny droplets of water splashing you. You slow, twisting yourself around to reorient back left toward the mansion door, and launch forward again. As it approaches, you drop back to the ground, skidding across stone as you latch onto one handle.

Gripping tight, you drag the wide, heavy door back and duck inside. You take one last glance outside to the fairy racing forward. Twisting around the door, you shove it closed once more.

Fumbling at the handle, you find a bolt and shove it through its housing to seal the door shut.

You collapse, resting your tired, sweating body against the heavy oak.

Bright light from tall windows shine on the ground of hallways extending out to your right and left, with a semi-circle of wide, curving staircases up ahead. Despite a pair of tall, arched windows flanking the door behind you, little light reaches the plush red rug before you, which extends into a hallway running underneath the stairs.

Another rug graces the floor of each side hallway, atop a wide floor of black and white, marbled tiles. Tiles polished to a brilliant shine.

You turn around and lean forward, peeking out of the left window. The fairy floats away, wings drooping, as more lights burst and pop outside the walls. You’re safe.

Then small, squeaky whispers float on the air from behind you. You whip around, catching a flutter from the hallway above.

You extend one hand out, your chest warming and thrumming.

A hint of dark purple flashes through the very edge of your vision.

You flick your gaze from the side halls, to the passage under the stairs, to the horizontal hall above them.

A muffled whimper to your left. You lurch around, warming up a shot.

Silence.

You step backward, flicking your gaze back to the upper hall.

Nothing.

You glance back at the window, now angled too severely to see the fight through.

It’s fine. She’ll win and have your back again. In the meantime, you need to…

“You’re the familiar, aren’t you?”

Air wheezes through your throat as force your body to move. Turning around, you find an aqua bowl-cut staring back at you, bangs too long and thick to see her eyes through. She seems rather tall for a fairy, but she’s got the usual gossamer wings.

She tugs at the rumpled sleeves of her French maid outfit. French maids. Was it a fairy that introduced you to that idea, or a youkai in the village?

At the light din of a thousand shuffles, you scan the room again to find numerous heads and wings poking out from the railing and nearby doors. All wearing the same sort of dress.

Not as neatly as the girl before you, though.

You take a deep breath, holding the book close to your chest. “I need to speak with Ms. Patchouli. Do you know where she is?”

A chorus of ‘ooh’s ripples through the crowding fairies.

“She’s in the library!”

“It’s up here and to the left!”

“No. under the stairs and to the right!”

“No, it’s down this hall and through the kitchen!”

A whack.

“That’s not where the kitchen is!”

That last two came from behind the stairs.

The fairy in front of you flicks her head to the peanut gallery above. “Shouldn’t we let, uh, Remi know first?”

“Shh! She’ll punish you if she hears you called her that.” A fairy with a black bun leans over the railing. “Besides, she’ll interrupt our fun.”

Fairies crowd the stairs and the side halls, but you don’t see any under the stairs. Quietly, you shift your feet and warm your core, readying yourself to sprint. If needed.

You clear your throat and put on the heaviest tone you have. “I’m only here for the library.”

Another chorus of ‘ooh’s follow, accompanied by scattered ‘ah’s.

A small body thuds into your back, dropping you to your knees. Then the stampede follows.

You hurl yourself to the side, sprinting for the door. A wall of fairies drops from the stairs, blocking your path. You spin around, finding yourself surrounded. Mixed clusters even hover in the air above you.

Someone pokes your thigh. You whip around, lighting up your hand and aiming it out. Small giggles erupt behind you as the fairies in front exchange glances. A year ago, you knew how to deal with these creatures. They were pushy, obnoxious, and everywhere. But they were also predictable. Kind of.

A fairy always liked sweets and wanted to make mischief. Horny fairies could be stunningly erratic.

A puff of air brushes your neck. You whirl back around.

Someone slaps your ass. You spin around again, firing a heart into the crowd. They dodge, a wave of eagerness rolling through them.

They’re just short of shooting at you now. Normally, that would be fine. Even you dealt with fairy bullets once or twice. But you have nowhere to dodge and no way to take them all out fast enough to clear a path.

There’s a yank on your dress and you feel the back of its skirt fluttering up, then back down over your ass.

There’s a high-pitched, squeaky wolf-whistle, accompanied by what sounds like stunned silence.

Your arms shake.

“That’s enough!” The bowl-cut shouts.

There’s a poke on your wrist. You twist to see the bowl cut pointing under the stairs. “Um, let’s go this-”

You feel a tug on the book. You grip it tight, but a second pair of hands joins in and together they rip it away from you.

“Hey! Give that back!” You turn and run after the offending fairies, only to get cut off by more crowding in front of you.

“What kind of panties are those?”

“Can I get some?”

“Are they weird like that in the front, too?”

The culprits disappear into a front hallway.

“Hey! What did you guys see?”

“Was it funny?”

“Was it hot?”

“It’s just a butth-”

“Enough.”

The fairies freeze. Then scatter. Bowl-cut waits a moment, rubbing her arm across her lips, then chases after them.

You turn to see a stern look on a lithe frame. A French maid dress, like the fairies, but no wings, a shorter skirt, and an almost oppressive air of no nonsense. Choppy, silver hair frames clear blue eyes with a pair of slender braids draped before each ear.

The woman blinks out of existence, reappearing right in front of you. She looks you up and down.

“Naoko Honda, welcome to the Scarlet Devil Mansion.” She offers a curt, shallow bow.

You bow back, a bit deeper.

“This way.” She gestures to the left flight of stairs. You step toward them.

She guides you around and up them, her hand gliding along the banister. “You have business with Lady Patchouli, I believe.”

You sigh. “I did.”

She does not respond to that as you reach the top. Instead, she turns and guides around the wall and down the hall.

In silence, she walks down the hall, passing dozens of doors before she reaches the corner, with the hall continuing to the right. She opens a door, ushering you into a small room with an elegant but slender table framed in silver and surrounded by a deep sofa, curving almost all the way around it.

She gestures toward it and you sit down at the left end. She disappears again, reappearing in the middle of the sofa, sitting to your left.

“We’ll recover the book soon.”

“But what if the thieves run away?”

Her eyes narrow, a thin smile creeping across her chin. “They won’t. Even Evette knows not to interfere with the mistress’s friend.”

“…me?”

She giggles, warm and almost dainty. “I’m afraid not.” She pauses. “The book will be recovered long before it leaves the grounds.”

“That’s it?”

She smiles a soft, kind smile. “That’s it.”

You rub your shoulder. The silk of your gloves feels odd on your bare skin.

“What sort of a person is she, anyway? Patchouli, I mean.”

“She’s a magician. She has a tendency toward tunnel vision and all but obsesses over knowledge. She spends too much of her time reading. Personally,” she leans toward you, lowering her voice, “I suspect she assigned herself that surname.”

“Surname?”

The woman blinks. “Knowledge.”

“Oh.”

“I suggest you visit her soon. We may have the book, but she’s the sort to want things done as soon as possible.”

“I see.”

And just like that, she vanishes again.

You sigh, staring down at your cup of warm tea.

You pause, staring into the liquid’s surface. This… wasn’t here before, was it?

You raise it to your lips, taking a light sip before you set it back down.

Its bitterness reminds you of the tea your father liked to brew. Only Youta ever liked it.

Your breath shakes for a moment.

You lean back, taking in the room. No fairies jostle in or outside, as far as you can tell, and warm sunlight bathes the whole room.

You take another sip, savoring the memory, if not the taste.

You glance outside. No lights flash around the gate or the lake beyond anymore. Either the fight ended, or it moved further away.

“Your companion will arrive soon.”

You startle, spinning back to find the maid standing in the doorway.

She vanishes again.

You’re left gaping and wondering what the hell was going on.

She reappears. “I would suggest you see the mistress soon, as well. She prefers to meddle with the visitors before anything else.”

She disappears. Again.

Bullets go off, echoing through the hallway. Bursts and pops follow. A very distinctive kind of pop.

Fairies are ‘dying.’ Idly, you wonder if they’ll reappear with the aprons still on, or if those need to be replaced each time they return.

Does this place even use the same fairies, or just grab whichever ones wander in or spawn nearby?

Footsteps pound down the hallway toward you until, with a click, the door swings open. Youmu pants, sweating, as she steps inside.

When did the door even close?

You smile. “Welcome back.”

Youmu straightens back up, almost standing at attention before she slides into the sofa in front of you.

She drops her head back, letting out a frustrated groan before looking down at the table. She picks up her own cup of tea.

You have no idea when that one appeared, either.

She takes a long slurp, gulping as she sets it back down.

“I’ve never fought such ill-mannered fairies before.” She sighs, glaring at the cup. “Such tasteless, perverse cretins.”

You chuckle, a moment of genuine mirth and empathy warming your chest. “They’re just the worst, aren’t they?”

“Yea, yea.” Youmu raises her cup. You raise your own and she clinks them together.

You take a sip. A purple glow fills the room. Youmu tilts her head as you squint to keep your eyes from burning.

Then it all turns red. Sharp, stabbing pains race up your arms and down your spine. Your cup flies from your hands as your vision goes dark. Muscles twist and spasm, then freeze.

For a short, black moment, your throat seizes and you find yourself choking.

Then your vision returns and your collapse onto the table, muscles worn out. You blink, looking up into Youmu’s worried eyes. She sits straight up, each arm out and holding a cup. A light stain dirties her vest.

Tea, most likely. Probably from your cup.

“Are you alright?”

You groan, pulling yourself back up. “I’m fine, I’m…”

You look down, glowing red letters run up your arm, under the glove and your dress. Worried, you lean around the table and pull at the slit of your dress. More glowing letters adorn your thigh.

You don’t recognize the script, let alone the language. Something about all of this feels eerily familiar, though you struggle to remember why.

You look to Youmu. She sets the cups down.

There’s a knock on the door. Youmu twists around and stands. She opens the door, revealing the bowl-cut fairy from before.

The tall fairy bows. “Excuse me, but I…”

She stops, staring at your arms. “I can come back later, if this is a bad time.”

Youmu halts her. “What did you come for?”

She rubs her sides. “I talked to the troublemakers and I could get them to give you your book back, if you came with me.”

Youmu glances back.

“But you’d have to come alone!” She turns to Youmu. “You’d just scare them off. Sorry.”

You wave the fairy off. “I appreciate the offer, but I need to see someone else first.”

She sags, wings drooping. “Okay.”

Dejected, she floats away.

Youmu stands and, straightening her skirt, marches through the door. “Let us see this magician at once.”

“Mistress, actually.”

Youmu’s head tilts. “Mistress?” Her face turns pink. “Oh- oh my. I didn’t realize you were married, much less that…”

You shake your head, your skin heating up. “No, no. The mansion’s mistress.”

“Why would it…” Youmu flinches, then sighs. “Yes, I see.” She clears her throat, turning to give you a quick bow. “My apologies.” She straightens up and turns back. “Let us see her at once.”

You walk up beside her and continue the hall. Her brow furrows, sticking to your left.

“Would she prefer to lounge on the top floor? Or would she, as a vampire, spend her time in the basement?”

A vampire. That’s right, this was Remilia’s estate. And it’s her mage that you’re… bound to?

A door creaks behind you. You glance back just as it slams shut.

You lean down, rubbing your chin. “Remilia, Remilia, Remilia.” You frown. “What was she like?”

“A proud, eccentric maiden. As a noblewoman should be.”

You jump, finding that maid to your right.

“Do you… need us for something?”

She smiles. “I’m afraid you’re going in the wrong direction.”

You stop. Youmu stops a step later.

“This way.”

She gestures back toward the room you left. You glance to Youmu, finding her focused solely on the maid, then shrug and turn around.

You walk back, studying the architecture. Red velvet carpets and marble walls decorated in little more than lit candles. It almost shocks you how much darker these hallways are compared to the entryway.

She indicates an intersection you’d passed, so you turn into it. Oak doors line some of these walls, but little else stands out.

Something tugs on your dress. You whip around just as something thunks into the wall.

“Oh, come on! I just wanna see what they saw!”

You find a fairy with deep blue bushy hair reaching toward you, held to the wall by a knife impaled through her sleeve.

The maid turns her nose and continues down the hall. “This way, Naoko.”

You follow her, shooting nervous glances back. The taller maid holds firm, face impassive. The smaller one sticks her tongue out, sneering.

You walk closer to Youmu this time. Wait… “Did I tell you my name?”

“You did not.”

“Then…”

“The news.”

You shoot the maid a cautious, quizzical glance.

“The mistress read your story this past evening. She then learned of your entanglement with our magician.”

Of course. Those tengu work fast. Or just Aya.

It would be nice if it’s just Aya.

“I’m Sakuya.”

A parade of doors passes as Sakuya turns down another intersection.

“I’m Youmu.”

“Pleased to meet you, Ms. Konpaku.”

Youmu clams up.

“Does Remilia want anything specific from me?”

“I doubt she’s decided on anything yet. I recommend you not linger too long, however. I am, after all, obligated to see through any idea she comes up with.”

“Is there a way to…”

You pause, blinking. These hallways look mostly the same, but you could swear they moved. You turn, finding an elaborate door before you.

“Good luck.”

You whip back to see…

The another, simpler door on a different wall. Spinning around, you find yourself on a balcony, tucked into a nook in the outer walls, with a wide canopy overhead. Well-lit gardens extend out below you, but the walls and roof keep this balcony dark.

A very petite young woman sits at a slender, intricate silver table, sipping from a small cup, opposite you. She wears a frilly pink dress with red lace and a matching cap. The shadowed silhouette of her long, bat-like wings cuts through the sunlit sky behind.

She sets the cup on a matching plate in her left hand. “Please, sit.” She takes another sip.

You step forward, pulling out the seat to your left.

Her wavy, lavender hair rustles in a quiet breeze. One that barely grazes your left side.

You sit down and pull the chair in as Youmu settles in across from you.

“Lady Remilia?”

The young lady looks up, blinking. Even sitting, she’s noticeably shorter than you.

She glances to Youmu first, and then to you.

Her eyes fly open.

“My, my, my, my. Wherever did you get those?”

You glance down just as her hand slides across your glowing shoulder.

“Here, I think.”

She glances up, brows slanted. “Don’t be absurd. Patchy’s work looks nothing like this.”

“‘Patchy?’”

“Then again… who else would write their bindings in such an uncivilized language?”

“You know what it is?”

She gives you a crooked grin. “Why, of course.”

You wait a moment. Still grinning, she folds her hands across her chest.

You groan. “Could you tell me? They’re written all over.”

“Oh, I can see that.”

Another moment of silence.

You shake your head. “Nevermind. Your maids attacked us.”

She waves her hand. “They’re fairies, they always do that.”

You clear your throat. “They also looked up my skirt.”

Youmu nods, frowning. “They insulted my choice of undergarment.”

“Oh?” Remilia turns to Youmu.

Youmu glances back to the door. “It is as I said.”

A silence hangs over the table. Youmu swallows, unwilling to continue.

“They stole a book your magician needs.”

Remilia sighs and snaps her finger. Sakuya appears beside her, leaning down.

As they whisper to each other, you poke at your glove.

Remilia claps her hands and Sakuya disappears.

A burning, dripping heat bursts to life, rising from your crotch. You gasp, tremors racing through your spine. You fall, propping yourself on your elbows as your breath heaves. “Wha- di- did you… d-d…o?”

You swallow. Youmu leaps out of her chair, hand on one hilt.

Remilia scoffs. “What nonsense. Why would I harass a guest? Perhaps you should…” She stares at your bust. “I think someone forgot to wear something.”

You feel the fabric strain against your swollen nipples. Small beads of moisture drip from your slowly parting slit to your chair. You clench your legs together.

“How long do you think it will take?”

You glance up.

“For me to fall under your spell, of course. I’ve heard such exciting stories.” She raises the cup back to her lips. “A werewolf, hooked on the spot? You must be quite potent. But then, the tsukumogami took longer, didn’t she? Perhaps you could stay a few days? You know, just to make certain.”

“Perhaps,” she pokes at one of your protruding nipples, “We could…”

Youmu draws her full sword, pointing it toward Remilia. “Unhand her.”

Remilia frowns. The sword disappears, reappearing in the vampire’s hands. Grabbing it by the flat of the blade, she offers it back.

“Have you ever heard of the magic word?”

You gulp, a wave of need rolling through you as the first drop of sweat trickles down your brow.

Youmu glares, reaching for the offered sword. “I have not.”

Remilia pulls it back. “I suppose not. It’s ‘please.’”

You groan, leaning back and rubbing your thighs together.

Youmu blinks. “I don’t understand.”

Remilia lets out a longsuffering sigh. “It means that if you want something, you should say ‘please’ first.” She grabs your left breast. You hiss at her frustrating touch. “Let’s try this again, shall we?”

Youmu unsheathes the second blade, only for it to vanish as well.

Sakuya appears behind Remilia, draping the stolen sword across her spread palms.

Remilia gives you a squeeze. “Wrong again. What was that word again?”

You drop your hands, sinking your weight into Remilia’s cupped palm as you reach down, rubbing your thighs to keep them off and out of your pussy.

Youmu grinds her teeth. “…Please.”

“Very well.” Remilia lets go of your tit and extends the sword again. Youmu snatches it out of her hand.

You collapse to the table, drool falling from shaking lips.

She then retrieves the smaller one from Sakuya and sheathes both.

You squeeze down on your legs to keep your hands still.

Youmu rushes to your side, pushing your chair out to rub your side.

“Are you alright?”

The heat ebbs, just slightly.

“I-I’m f…fine.”

Your lift your shaking hands to the table, clubbing them across it twice before you find purchase and plant them down to push yourself up.

“Milady, perhaps now would be a good time to wrap your date up.”

Remilia turns to Sakuya, frowning. “Mind your own business.”

“Of course, Milday.” A glance passes between them. Like a shared secret or an inside joke.

Remilia then turns to you.

“Apologies, I’m afraid I may have gotten a little carried away.” Her frown shifts to a faint smile. “So, what do you think of Patchy?”

Your knees buckle. Youmu grabs you, draping one of your arms across her shoulder and heaving you back up.

You wipe drool from your lips. “Like I… said, we’ve b-arely spoken.”

Remilia sets the cup and plate on the table and leans back, stretching. “How sad. If you want to remain bound to her, I could have you set up by nightfall.”

“Why would I want that?”

Her smile breaks into a devious grin. “Isn’t it obvious?”

You swallow, chest shaking. “No?”

She leans back, folding her arms. “Do you already have a master, then?”

“No. I don’t. Why do you keep-”

“And how’s that worked out for you?”

Your hairs prick, skin cooling. “What are you saying?”

She shakes her head, still grinning. “It’s too late, you know. The paper’s been printed. They know what you are. What you can do.”

“I can’t do anything! I just make people attack me.”

“Sakuya, head count.”

“Nine fairies, Milday.”

“Really?” Remilia’s eyes narrow. “You’re quite something, Naoko. Tell me, what could you make those fairies do?”

You take a faltering breath, swallowing again. A familiar, sticky fluid trails down one leg. “What fairies?”

“The one’s of my household you’ve charmed.”

You blink, lips twitching. “I can’t make them do a damn thing.”

“Even if you offered them something… juicy?”

Your hips twitch as Youmu’s grip shifts. The feel of her slender frame against your side makes them quiver. You shake your head, trying to focus. You did persuade Mystia to hold off for a little while. Could you do more, if you were willing to… “I wouldn’t.”

“Oh, you would.” Remilia leans forward, propping herself on her forearm. “Ever been tortured?”

You lean into Youmu, sweating. “What are you saying?”

She groans, pulling back. “I’m saying that the Buddhists, the Taoists, the mountain gods, the major exterminators, even the damn lunarians, all know about you. Now,” she places a hand across her chest, “I’m happy to keep you away from the rack, the stocks, the gibbet, bronze bull, iron maiden, and dunking chair. But the other players?”

She holds her palms up, shaking her head again. “Well, I don’t know what sort of degeneracy you’d been roped into, but it won’t get better while you’re… up for grabs.”

She scoots her chair back and stands up. “Think about it. Patchi, myself, or my sister. I’ll bind you to any one of us if you want. I merely suggest you find a master soon. Before some ambitious bigshot or scoundrel chooses to…”

She twists around the table, lurching forward with hands curled into claws. “Pounce.”

Youmu flinches, her grip shaking. You wince.

Remilia sighs and strides past you, under your shoulder. “Sakuya, see them to… wherever. I’m going to sleep.”

A tingle travels up your gut from your warm, wet crotch. What the hell…?

Patchouli, Remilia, or her sister. That was…

Flandre.

“Don’t mind the mistress overly much. She has a penchant for the dramatic.”

Remilia pauses, halfway through the door. She glances back. “I might even get to ensure you serve someone else, just not for free.” She then leaves, closing the door behind her.

Sakuya clears her throat. “I would recommend that you address your… ‘excitement’ soon. Especially if you wish to avoid the maids’ attentions.”

You glance down, past your own hardened nipples, to find a faint dark spot on your dress. 
You bite your lip. A pit settles in your stomach at exposing yourself like this, but… but you need to, to think straight around, well, this ‘master.’ Focus. You need focus. And you don’t, don’t trust yourself here.

Not alone. Damn fairies.

“Can you h…” you gulp, “help me?”

“I beg your pardon?”

“Just…” You take a breath, gut heaving. “Please, get me off.”

You catch a glimpse of Youmu’s face as she turns scarlet. You wince, praying Yuyuko won’t kill you for this. “I… I can’t think, uh, straight.”

Sakuya maintains a steady, neutral stare. “I’m sure you can handle it yourself. I may provide a quiet room and a set of…”

“No!” You clap your hands over your mouth at your outburst. Thinking fast, if in a million directions, body shaking, you continue. “Please, I… need. I-I need, help. I don’t,” your lip trembles, “I can’t do it… alone. Not here.”

Sakuya’s gaze softens. “Very well.” She snaps her fingers.

The door opens again, revealing a timid fairy with curly blond hair. “Margaret, see Ms. Konpaku here to the library, please.”

The fairy salutes. “Yes, ma’am!”

“Excellent.” Sakuya turns to you, a glint in her eye.

Youmu scrutinizes you and Sakuya as the fairy pushes her inside.

Sakuya steps forward after them, holding the door open for you.

You step through, breathing hard as you cast a smiling glance backward. “Thanks.”

She sighs, responding with a minute shake of her head. She points to a door directly to your right. “In there.”

Nodding, you wrap trembling hands around the knob and open the door. You find a tiny cubby with brooms and mobs stacked into the corners. An empty bucket sits just inside.

In a flash, the brooms, mops, and other tools vanish, replaced by a single, plain stool set against the far wall.

“Sit.”

You glance back again. Sakuya’s face has returned mostly to its familiar neutrality, though with a distinct hint of a smile this time. You turn and sit down, facing her.

She steps inside, turning to close the door behind her. Darkness falls, punging the room into… a deep red. The scarlet light from your body casts a dim glow over Sakuya and the walls behind her.

She looks you up and down, one of her legs positioned between your own, even as her back rests against the door.

“Strip.”

Your eyes jump to hers, widening. Your breath catches.

She sighs, and a gust of wind hits your bare belly.

You look down to find your swollen nipples on display, framed by the slitted bra, and your leaking pussy beneath them with its own lacy outlines. Sakuya holds your dress for only a second before it simply disappears.

Your legs shake, your breath trembles. Sweat coats your skin.

“At least you’ll make this easy for me.”

You find yourself wrapping one silk-sheathed hand around your bust while the other plants itself before your crotch.

She leans in, cupping your cheek. She looks down at your exposed pussy. You blink. Your hands now rest behind your legs.

“I’ll have to clean that up, you know.”

You stare back at Sakuya, questioning.

She slides her hands around your breasts, ignoring your gaze.

“So, this is how a ‘woman’ feels. I’m not sure what to think.”

She rubs them, grinding her hands across their underside, palms sliding up until they grind across your nipples.

She rotates her hands up and squeezes, pinching the token fabric of your ‘bra’ between them as her fingers sink into your flesh.

You shudder. She withdraws her hand from your right breast, sliding it down your bare stomach.

“You know, I’m sure there’re better ways to find a lover than such tawdry undergarments.”

“Not… not my-ulp!”

A finger grazes your hood.

“You really will make this easy for me, won’t you?”

Her eyes narrow, pinching your left nipple between the base of her middle and ring fingers. She drums her fingers over your hood, dragging staccato breaths from your throat.

She presses her hand flat to your mound, sliding it down the outside, deep between your legs.

You let out a whine as she drags it back up to your navel.

She slides it down again, now pressing it into your flesh. Your body trembles, hot and wet.

She drags it back up. You hiss, sweat dripping.

She rubs your mount up and down, pushing, pressing.

You gulp, arms locking to keep yourself upright. Your legs slide apart, exposing yourself to her as fully as you can.

It takes only a raised eyebrow for your head to flick away, unwilling to see what she thinks of your obscene display.

A slender finger slips inside you. Involuntarily, you clench down, squeezing it for all it’s worth.

It’s not enough. Not even close.

Groaning, you thrust your chest out and your crotch forward, even as she pulls out.

You sigh, squirming.

A moist, sticky finger touches your lips.

An unfocused question flits through your mind only a moment before your mouth parts, latching down on her offering. You drink down your own juice from the finger. Your face burns harder, but you can’t take it anymore.

Anything to keep her inside you.

Your lips part, no longer tasting yourself on her finger.

Two fingers now slip inside, dragging a low moan from your throat.

They push in through your clenching cunt, sinking in to their bases.

You moan again, panting as she drags them back out. A strand of drool slides down your chin as your chest pounds.

Again, the fingers graze your lips. Again, you suck them in.

She pushes them from side to side, stretching your cheeks and forcing your tongue to follow. You don’t care. You just drink your juices off and let them go.

“So eager. What would the mistress think if she saw you here?”

You gulp, hissing as her fingers return to part your slit. You spare a glance back to her, finding her face lowered to your crotch, where she’s parted you wide open.

You shut your eyes and bite your lip.

Her fingers slide in once more, three of them twisting through your tight cunt. Your body locks up for just a second, a desperate mix of pleasure and need rolling through you.

She pulls the fingers back. You inhale, shivering.

She thrusts them in, knocking the air from your lungs.

Your legs stretch out as the tremor hits. You lift a hand to your mouth and bite down on your thumb as she finger-fucks you.

You yelp.

Waves of pleasure roll through your quaking body, only to be diminished by an ever-growing sense of raw, overwhelming need.

Sakuya’s fingers now pound you hard enough to hurt, but it’s not enough.

Taking a shaking breath, you open your mouth.

“Har-harder.”

Sakuya pauses, ripping her fingers out.

All but choking on frustration, you glance forward.

She scowls.

A faint, fuzzy sensation spreads through your body. Then something hits you, like a great brick to the gut.

You topple forward, body convulsing. Your body burns in desperate lust, pleasure flickering through it in irregular waves. Sakuya catches you, holding you to her body as saliva drips from your limp lips.

“Finally, you’re done.”

You can’t speak, you can barely move. The growing hunger drowns your mind, overwhelming all other sensations.

The smooth texture of Sakuya’s shirt and the shape of her breasts press into you. Her lithe arms, her firm thighs. The rustic scent of her hair and the sour aroma of her sweaty neck.

More. You need so much more.

Your lips flounder, flailing, trying to form any coherent sound. To express your desire. Your dissatisfaction.

Sakuya holds you, hands wrapped around your waist, casting a faint shadow on the crimson door behind her.

Your hips and pussy ache, sweat drenches your skin and underwear, seeping into your gloves and boots.

Sakuya clicks her tongue. “You’re not done, are you?”

Trembling, you manage a minute shake of your head.

Sighing, she slides a hand down your right side, cupping your ass cheek.

On your left, she slides her fingers back inside your slit, pumping immediately. Slavering down her fingers, your needy cunt clenches hard. But, despite the tingles and the warm, shivering waves that ride up your spine, it’s not enough.

Your body just cries out for more.

She pushes you to the side, pressing to the wall.

She shoves her fingers back inside, thrusting them in and out.

In and out.

In and out.

Your hips quake, your body jerks. Sweat pours, juices drip. Every now and then, spittle escapes through quiet, needy gasps.

She pulls you back, dropping your ass back on the slick, sticky surface of the wooden stool.

You stare back up, stunned, bleary. She glares back down.

She drops her hands behind your hips and leans forward, planting a kiss on your left nipple.

Then bites down, digging her teeth into the tender flesh.

You cry out, more a ragged, halting whimper than a scream.

She pushes all five fingers inside, twisting them through your sopping slit.

They’re back outside in an instant, leaving your aching pussy.

Another wave of desire ripples through you, drowning out any pleasure she would have bestowed.

The hand jerks to one side as another wave hits.

Then another. You moan, loud and hungry, as the next hits.

Then all goes black.

The desire, the soreness, those remain. And yet your mind clears, however slightly.

A small, red light ignites in the darkness, growing into a humanoid shape before you.

A naked, feminine shape.

It resolves into a woman, with dark, shoulder-length hair and an average bust. About your height, about your shape.

Wearing your face. Except with a pair of irises that glow bright red.

“For the wolf, you were just a scapegoat, weren’t you?” She even uses your voice.

You lick your lips, still shivering. “What are you?”

“And the umbrella, she had eyes only for your ass.” The figure steps forward, breathing down your face.

“The bug queen just needed a slave. The bird couldn’t keep it her pants for more than a minute.”

You clear your throat. “What do you want?”

“The other bird, she was no better. The goddess, like all the rest, was pitifully weak.”

The woman lifts her left leg over your lap, then the right. Straddling you, she runs her fingers over your breasts. “You want release, don’t you?”

“What are you-”

She presses her lips to yours. Images flash through your head of that night. Of Ko… ko… of that beast. And moreso, of Ayame. Of how close she’d come to…

The woman wearing your skin pulls back, licking her lips.

“You want to cum, but her touch, now ignited, won’t let you.”

“What touch?”

“The one you wear, dummy. If you want to think straight ever again, I’m afraid you’ll need to return to your true master. Not these weak, spineless wannabes.”

“I don’t need a master.”

“Of course, you don’t. You already have one. And she misses you.”

“I don’t have one either.”

“Tell yourself that, if you must,” she hops back off, giving your bare pussy a playful smack, “but come back to her before you go insane.”

You just stare, baffled.

She slides a hand behind your head, pulling you in. She presses her lips to yours once more, rolling her head from side to side before she pulls back again.

“Don’t worry. She’ll make it all right again. Before you know it, you’ll find ecstasy at her feet.”

She evaporates into shadow, bringing the room back to its familiar dull red. The dull red of your much brighter markings.

Your body aches and shivers. It burns in a painful mix of need and exhaustion.

Sakuya looks over you, frowning. “I ought to just take you to Patchouli.”

Something bothers you about the vision, something missing. Precisely what, your mind’s too fried to interpret. 
You wait a moment, pressing your shaking hands to your thighs. The heat of your skin and the quaking of your body drag on, ebbing too slow to think.

Not trusting your vocal chords, you simply nod.

“Very well.” Sakuya leans against the door, slipping her index and middle fingers between her lips.

You’re still too warm, but you find your motor control incrementally improved. Small tremors still plague your limbs, core, and lungs. Your pussy still aches, its emptiness gnawing at your mind.

Why hasn’t Sakuya moved yet? Why haven’t you?

Sakuya twists the fingers in her mouth, savoring them. She pops them out, moving on to lick her ring finger, then her pinky. The sight only flares the dripping heat inside you.

She drags her tongue out as she brings her thumb to it, bringing a cramped, eager tingle to your body.

A half-formed question tumbles from your lips. “How do I taste?”

You snap your mouth shut the moment those words escape, yet you steal furtive glances toward Sakuya’s cool gaze, hopeful.

She shakes her head. “Dif-”

“That sounded strange. I just… I mean…” Why did you ask that question?

Sakuya sighs and stares at you. “Salty. That was the taste.”

Your eyes drop to your knees and the glowing red marks plastered across your skin. You hiss, rolling your butt on your wooden stool.

You glance back up. “Say, you didn’t see anyone else here, did you?”

“I’m afraid not.”

“I see.” You wince and place your hands on your knees, pushing your breasts between your arms. “She said I had a ‘master.’”

“That would be Ms. Knowledge.”

You open your eyes. Sakuya holds a towel between her hands.

You shiver. “This master wanted me back. I don’t think she…”

Sakuya pulls you up. Your knees shake but manage to support your weight. The sweat disappears from your skin, alongside Sakuya’s towel.

You flash her an awkward smile. “Thank you. Could you point me to my dress before-”



“-you send me…” you glance around, finding towering bookshelves at every side, “…here.”

Sakuya’s gone. In front of you, you find a table with two stacks of books on either side and a giant tome lying open in the center. Behind it, a woman in a pale nightdress stares you down, her eyes wide and her face scarlet.

Dark purple hair descends from a poofy cap with a shining crescent.

She drags to book to her face. “Make yourself decent, please.”

You cross your legs as your arms fly to cover yourself, your left arm across your nipples and your right hand planted firm between your thighs. Face burning, you crouch down. “I would if I could.”

A tense, quiet moment passes. You speak up.

“Perhaps you have a dress I could borrow?”

You peek up at her. She lowers the book. “No.”

She frowns, stern but not angry, still reading her book. Whatever title it has, it’s not Japanese. Her gaze makes your nipples hard.

With a thump, she drops the book on her desk and leans over it, narrowing her eyes.

You catch a short, subtle jiggle in her chest as she does so.

“Stand up.”

You raise yourself back up on shaking knees, arms still pressed to your bare skin.

She curls her finger, beckoning you toward her.

You take three steps forward. She barely leans back as you stop, your legs a hair’s breadth from touching the desk.

You swallow excess saliva down your throat. You can’t help but notice the faint hints at this woman’s figure that her dress offers.

The gentle, flowing folds hide most of her physique, but the gentle curve of her shoulders, her hips, and her full, hefty breasts beckon you.

Her lips, too. They…

“German.” She mutters, groaning. “Why?”

The palm across your crotch grows moist.

“What’s German?”

She clears her audibly wet throat. “A language from western Europe.” She squints at your belly.

“Where is Europe? Is it a country?”

She blinks. “Not an outsider, are you?”

You’d scratch your cheek if your hands weren’t so damn busy. Your thighs twitch.

“My family here goes as far back as anyone remembers. That’s not a problem, is it?”

She drums a hand on the desk. “An inconvenience, but it simplifies other things.” She glances at the stack of books to your right. “It’s a continent to the north and the far, far west. It’s where I come from.”

“Did the Europeans write these things? Did they put this spell on me?”

“Don’t know. I was never the social type.” She frowns. “Why?”

“I saw a vision.” You pause, debating how much you dare to share. “Someone thinks I have a master, who I need to see.”

She massages her throat. “Another master? That might explain the interference.”

“Interference?”

Patchouli flicks her fingers.

You see a violet flash, a split-second before it burns red. Your body freezes, limbs locking together.

Then you’re released, staggering a step back and dropping to your knees. You let go of your breasts to grab the edge of the desk.

“The enchantment did that. But why?”

You get yourself back on your feet and plant your arm once more across your nipples. Patchouli’s lips look delicious.

“Naoko. When did you get it?”

“Just an hour or so ago. When the purple flash…”

“The summoning. It must have been there before. Dormant. To what end…” Patchouli leans back. “We need to remove it. As to how…” she glances at your arms. The ones filled with nothing but your virtually naked flesh.

You frown. “I lost the book to the maids. Sorry.”

She narrows one eye, only for a cough to interrupt her gaze. “Remilia will hear about this.”

“She already has.”

“She’ll hear about it again. Not that it matters.” Patchouli leans forward, rubbing her forehead. “This interferes with our connection. I can’t sever it until those words vanish.”

Patchouli snaps her fingers. “I’ll break it.”

“What about the master?”

“What about him?”

“I need to know who it is.”

Patchouli waves her hand. The top five books rise into the air from the stack to your left. Patchouli pulls the one beneath them out, then they fall back down. Patchouli slams it down atop the one she had out before, then pulls it open. “Fine, I’ll see what I can glean from its construction.” She scans through it, flipping pages. “Circles, circles, circles. Summoning. Cursing. Enslaving-”

“Enslaving?” Your spine tingles, your body shakes.

“Not applicable. No, no, not that one. There.”

“Did someone call me?”

A tall, lanky woman floats in from the left, long and straight red hair flowing behind her. Small bat wings flutter on her back and the crown of her head. She takes one look at you and zips forward.

You turn to face her, staggering backward as she approaches. Her pouting lips slip into a grin. “Oh, how could you, Patchi? How could you hide such a fun-”

“Quiet, Koa.”

“Oh, how cruel~”

“I said quiet. We’re making a circle.”

­“Ooh… are we binding her?”

Patchouli coughs, trying to stare Koa down even as she does so. “She’s,” she clears her throat again, “the familiar. Get behind her. Now.”

Koa floats away again, showing you a cute butt in a tight skirt as she twists around. Your hands grow heavy, still clinging to your precious privates.

Koa’s footsteps tap across the wood behind you. “Don’t move now. I’d hate to make a mess.”

You smile, nervous, glancing to Patchouli. She nods.

Koa claps her hands.

“All yours, master.”

Patchouli sighs and lifts a hand. The ground beneath you glows a deep blue. “Earth, Moon.”

Koa whispers into your ears. “Nice ass, by the way.”

You lift just off the ground. A mystic force tugs at your arms, prying them away from your skin.

You resist, clinging to your breasts and your crotch, but the magic soon overpowers you and drags them up, baring you before Patchouli.

Footsteps pound their way toward you.

“Wretched maids! I’ll slice them when-”

Youmu stammers, incoherent, somewhere to your right.

A tiny, choked whine slips from your lungs. “Close your eyes!”

“Yes, of course!”

Koa smiles.

You strain your head, finding Youmu’s hands clasped tight over her eyes.

“I witnessed nothing of your precious hood or pubic hairs, Ms. Naoko. Nor do I have any thought as to the color or texture of your areola. Or how hard your nipples may or may not be.”

“Thank… you?”

“Think nothing of it.”

Koa snickers. “They’re pink, by the way.”

An electrical jolt runs down your spine, burning red into the room around you and sending spasms through your chest and stomach.

The red fades as another jolt runs back up. Your throat catches.

The red returns, but only for second before it vanishes.

“Interesting.”

“What are you doing?”

“Testing. Oh?” She stares at you. “Speak.”

Your head tingles. “What slut I s…” You flex your hands, working your jaw. “Again? Whore’d you do?”

Youmu gasps. “Ms. Naoko! How could you-”

“Not her.”

Youmu turns to Patchouli.

“A side-effect of the enchantment. Dormant, like…”

The tingling fades. Then a it feels as if you catch fire, a blistering heat erupting from your heart to sear your skin and scorch your bones. You part your lips to scream, but no sound escapes.

Beneath the smothering heat, your gut pounds out a steady beat of warm, wet desire.

You cough and sputter, legs shaking. Your heart pounds. Drool drips from your filling mouth, casting trails against your naked bust and belly.

You swallow, trying to keep it in. Your pussy moistens.

Searing heat radiates from your skin, choking your gut and pounding through your head.

“H-he…” “el…” “ll…” You gasp between each failed attempt.

Then the heat fades and the choking pressure dissipates. You swallow the last of the excess spit, panting.

Your pussy still aches for attention.

Then the heat returns, blossoming from your chest. Red lights stain the library as your muscles lock and your eyes open. Tingles race up and down your spine. Your arms twist, your lungs burn. Your pussy clenches.

Your muscles flex.

Then it all goes black.

You find yourself lying on hard, polished wood, your arms sprawled out before you. Youmu’s feet stand before you.

Red light fades off the bookshelves in the distance. Your whole body aches.

“Naoko Honda. Human farmer. Power: Sufficient to appeal to Youkai.”

“Huh, wha…” You shut your mouth to ease a dry, rasping throat.

“Oh, that? She just read your tits.”

“I read her chest, Koa.” You hear Patchouli cough above you. “These symbols describe you, it seems. Your capabilities, demeanor, and habitat. All in German, except your tongue.”

You lick your lips and stick your tongue out, trying to see it.

“It’s a hieroglyph.”

“Hieroglyph?”

“Ancient Egyptian writing.”

You groan, bringing your aching arms to your aching stomach. “Egyptian?”

“It’s south of Europe. These two languages don’t belong together.”

“Hey, master, look at this!”

“Hmm?” Patchouli steps around you. Her eyes widen. “What? No!”

You look up to find her crouched over you.

“What is it?”

You glance down your body to find the words fading.

“Koa, hold her down.”

“On it, master.”

A pair of hands presses into your exposed side.

A sharp, stinging sensations hits your sternum, then fades away.

You lie there, silence falling over the library.

Patchouli grumbles. “How did this happen?”

The hands ease off you. “That’s awfully sensitive of it, isn’t it?”

Someone steps away from you. “The enchantment’s buried itself deeper. It could’ve signaled the enchanter, too.”

“Let him come. I’ll cut him in two.”

“Hold your blade.” Pachouli rasps. “I need him to release the spell first. You lot may decide what to do with him afterward.

Your throat aches but you push it open again. “Please, don’t let her take me.” Something about this all feels familiar. Disgustingly familiar.

Either way, given your track record, this won’t be a man.

You angle your head upward, finding the barest hint at Youmu’s choice of underwear. A soft mint color. You could surely lubricate your sore throat with her juices, couldn’t you?

“Fight him if you must, just wait ‘till the enchantment’s off. And keep it outside the library.”

“Surely you mean outside the estate, Ms. Knowledge. The lady’s asleep, after all.”

Sakuya. She’s somewhere behind you. How would she taste? Your pussy tingles, remembering her touch.

“You’re the chief, shouldn’t you wake her for events like these?”

“Interrupt her beauty sleep? How could I possibly do that?”

“Do you want to please her or not?”

“Of course, it’s what I live for. What would please her most is a good day’s sleep.”

Patchouli grunts.

Another pair of feet pounds toward you, accompanied by the wild clamor of small bells.

“Help, help! Where’s Remilia?”

“Asleep, Ms. Motoori. What’s the matter?”

“It’s Akyuu. Help,” she gasps, sucking air, “she’s, she’s…”

“Take your time, young lady.”

“She’s not possessed anymore!”

The Book. The Black Book. Shizuha.

You wheeze. “Thank goodness.”

“No! Not good! She got possessed on purpose! Now the book’s loose again!”

“Please, Ms. Motoori, calm down.”

Youmu’s feet shift. “A book, is it? What are its intentions?”

Kosuzu stutters, then clears her throat. “Ms. Naoko. It wants to fuck her.”

You lean back to see Youmu’s hands pressed to her ears.

Patchouli coughs. “Let it come, then. I must see what’s written in it.”

Sakuya sighs. “Careful, Ms. Knowledge. It may be too powerful for you.”

“Then vanquish it yourself and bring it to me.”

Youmu leans down. “Can you stand, Ms. Naoko?”

You turn onto your belly, a heat and desire throbbing inside you. You try to push yourself up, arms shaking.

After several painstaking minutes, you pull yourself onto your knees. “I… think so.”

Youmu steps back. “Let me slice your hesitation away.” 
You raise your hand in a halting gesture.

“Wait.” You take a breath, focus waning. “If you can slice hesitation,” whatever that means, “could you slice my lust instead?”

Her hand squeezes around a cord-bound hilt. “I’m certain I can.”

A hint of mint and musk wafts to your nose.

“Then, please…” damn, she smells so good, “do it.”

She answers with a curt, confidant nod. “Face me.”

You turn to her, staring at her cute green shoes.

“Um, uh…”

You glance up. Face burning red, she glances away.

“I, I… I mean, to cleanse that, I need, you need…” Her voice fades into barely-audible mumbling. You can’t pick out a single word.

“I need what?”

She yelps. “I! I need. You. I need you to, to, to…” She swallows. “Place your hands down. Behind your back!”

Each word grows increasingly shrill.

Still shivering, you slide your hands back, leaning away from her. You take one glance down your lacy pussy-framer and clamp your legs together.

Youmu glances to you, then jerks back away. “And I need… I need, I, your legs. They need to be…”

“Apart?”

You both glance to your left. Koa stands there, smiling and blinking.

Youmu nods.

Swallowing your own trepidation, you spread them, baring your pussy to Youmu.

Oh heavens. Yuyuko will kill you for this, won’t she?

“Yes. That is fine. Perfect. Hold still.”

You close your eyes and hold your shaking legs out as Youmu’s feet shift. A rustle sounds, followed by a cold blade slashing through… you.

Not your stomach or limbs. Certainly not your flesh or bones. Just you.

It stings but doesn’t hur…

The slice rips through your heart and mind, purifying your desires.

Purifying them into a single, overriding, undeniable impulse.

Your eyes open slowly, in perhaps your last lucid moment. Youmu looks down on you, her lips pouted and eyes narrowed in a critical, studying gaze.

Koa gives you a gentler, milder gaze.

You lean forward, taking a deep, hungry breath.

You’re not quite certain what it is that pushes you to your first target. Perhaps it’s the way her face shifts as you face her. Maybe it’s the smell of her skin or the way her skirt swishes before your face.

Either way, you take one last sniff, savoring Youmu’s fragrance as you clap your hands under her skirt. Lifting it, you place your hungry lips to her plain mint panties.

“Ms. Naoko, what are you doing?”

A vague worry ignites deep inside, only to be drowned under your pounding lust.

A heavy, earthy aroma fills your nose, providing a…

You slide your hands up and yank her panties down, shoving your tongue around them and inside her as you do so.

She tastes heavenly.

“What are you two doing in my library!”

You ignore the sorceress’s voice as you taste Youmu’s sweet, salty pussy.

Youmu staggers back as you bury your nose in her crotch. She whimpers as you plump the depths of her delicious cunt. And as your right hand slides down your stomach.

“Don’t just stand there. Stop them!”

“Yes, Ma’am!” Koa taps your shoulder.

You pump your tongue and-

She plants her hands on your shoulders and hauls you back, tearing Youmu’s pussy away from you.

“I’ll find you two a bedroom and…”

Youmu clenches her skirt. “No, not yet. I’m not ready!”

Her panicked voice puzzles you, though you’re not sure why.

You twist out of Koa’s grip and latch back to Youmu’s sweet, soft thighs. Your lips part as you lick the nectar from her mound. Youmu plants her hands on your head, pressing down in a vain effort to dislodge you.

She’s strong, but not near as strong as you. You plunge back inside her once more, immersing yourself in her overwhelming taste.

A pair of arms wrap around your gut and, overpowering you, haul you back. You reach out, extending yourself toward Youmu’s legs even as Koa pulls you away.

Youmu stares down on you, panties around her shaking knees. She closes her eyes, taking in slow, steady breaths.

A glimmering trickle winds down her right thigh, out of reach.

Then she speaks. “Keep her still.”

Your muscles burn, but you still reach forward.

Youmu fingers the hilt of her smaller blade. “Hakurouken, guide my hand.” She inhales. “Properly, this time.”

One eye opens. “I’m sorry, Naoko.”

A brilliant, white light shines and vanishes. Another discordant wave ripples through you. A wake of utter calm fallows, coursing up from your pussy.

Then chaos. A choking pressure builds inside you, then hurls you back. The shock jostles Koa off and away. One of your feet twists on the floor, spinning you around. Hard panels rush to meet you before a mass of black rushes between you and them.

Your face crashes into Koa’s tight, firm breasts. Dazed, you glance through her soft, rolling hills to a wincing smile framed by disheveled red hair. The calm evaporates, replaced once more with raw, carnal energy.

Your burning, overwhelming lust returns, scattering your thoughts.

Something’s different, though.

Then you feel it. Your throat catches as a desperate, wild warmth fills you.

You roll to your back and wrap your arms around yourself, breathing unsteady, as it rises.

You close your eyes only a moment before the dam breaks.

It starts in with a blazing, tight heat where Youmu’s calming wave began. Your pussy.

It spreads, burning away the moment of need with warm pleasure. Your body lurches as a bolt of blinding satisfaction shoots down your spine.

You cry out, body curling under the weight of devastating ecstasy. Gasping, sputtering, you fight to stay conscious. To experience every bit of pleasure. To squeeze this moment for everything it has to offer.

Your legs stretch out and your back arches. You moan, low, sultry, and satisfied.

Your hips quake, your arms shake. Your sweat and juices seep into cloth beneath.

Then, pleasure fading, you roll off onto the smooth wood. Collapsing onto your side, you lie there. Koa stares back at you, wide-eyed and slack jawed.

Wearing a vest and skirt much darker in the front than the sides.

Up above, a naked woman with shoulder-length hair and an ass smothered in glowing red words wrestles with Youmu, pressing their faces close.

It looks important, but your head swims through a buoyant sea of carnal bliss. Patchouli scowls.

That’s fine. You’ll deal with that later.

You let out a long, content sigh.

Youmu squeals. “Demon, magician. Help me!”

You glance back up. Youmu has a hand over her partner’s face and another on the woman’s shoulder. She struggles to push the strange, familiar woman back. A short chuckle escapes your lips.

How weak must the glowy girl be to lose against…

Youmu. A trained warrior. A servant of Yuyuko herself.

Should you really have overpowered her so easily? Did she send you a novice?

Your unfocused eyes study the foggy, distant ceiling.

Boots scrape across wood, calling your attention. You lean up, over your lace-framed nipples. Koa pulls the woman back, away from Youmu. She grunts, straining to hold the woman back.

“I don’t know what’s going on, but you guys need to talk these things out.”

The woman throws her gaze back your way.

It’s you. You’re the one staring back at you.

Again.

And those damn red markings carpet her skin.

You glance back over your own body. Nothing. Either they’re gone or completely invisible now.

The woman flails her arms around.

“Hold her still.”

“I’m trying.”

“Try harder!”

“I don’t know how!”

“Do-”

A stray hand strikes Youmu’s left breast.

Youmu steps back. “Do something.”

Koa lets the woman go. The woman lurches forward just as Koa grabs her waist and spins her around.

She presses their faces together, giving the woman pause.

Youmu strikes them both in a downward slash of her short blade.

Koa staggers backward, letting the woman go.

The woman gasps, then grabs at Koa’s vest, pulling her close. Then lets go, stumbling back. She glows a bright red.

Then she disintegrates.

A heavy tome thumps down.

“What absurdity was that?”

Light-headed, you glance to the table. You see the edge of a closed book over the lip.

Groaning, you roll onto your front and try to haul yourself up.

You give up a moment later. You’re exhausted, your legs wouldn’t carry a grain of rice, and you’re still a little tingly.

“Here, let me help.”

Koa rushes to your side and drops to her knees. Slinging your right arm across her shoulder and grabbing your hip, she hauls you upright.

Patchouli frowns, staring deep into your eyes.

“You conjured a clone?”

You offer only a sheepish grin in return. “I did?”

She scowls. “In fact…” she sniffles, “you created,” she rubs her nose.

“Ha-chlurph!” She sneezes, which transforms into a cough halfway through.

She clears her throat and raises a finger, only for another cough to interrupt it. You glance away to find Youmu staring down, holding an arm. The panties still dangle from her knees.

Koa glances between the two of you, then nudges you toward the desk and lets go.

Your hands land on the giant book and, by the combined effort of all four limbs, you hold yourself up as Koa rushes to Youmu’s side.

Youmu. The girl you just assaulted. You just did what they do. The youkai.

Why?

Does this make you a monster? Or just another beast?

Surely not just a victim of some greater power again.

Why? Sure, you needed something. You may even have been desperate. But to go that far? You shake your head.

“As I said, A mirror image of you. With physical form. I’d like to know…”

You turn to Youmu. She stares back, mouth and eyes flat. Your lips part, but you can’t find a word to say.

She bows, then turns and shuffles away.

“Wait! It’s not…”

And she’s gone. Koa glances between the two of you, visibly lost.

You sigh. You’re alone again.

“Koa, what do you smell?”

Koa stops, closing her eyes and lifting her nose. She opens them, looking to Patchouli.

“Beside the sex?”

“Yes, idiot.”

“Hey, that hurts.” Koa pouts. “A loose spell, why?”

Patchouli stares back at her, flat. “The human.”

“Hm?” Koa stares at you. “Oh, it’s gone, isn’t it?”

“Yes, the enchantment’s gone.”

You look between them, settling on Patchouli. “It is? I’m free?”

Patchouli sighs. “From it, not me.”

“That means I’m still…”

“Draining my mana? Yes. But the barrier’s gone, so I need only the index now.”

“But…” She looks down, running a finger across the cover of the book you rest on. “We need not terminate it yet.”

You shrink back. “Why?”

She gives you a wry smile. “Do you seek powerlessness?”

You blink.

She sighs. “I know your magic. Almost all is mine. Without the contract, you lose that.” She drums her fingers. “Not that it bothers me, if it aids my research.”

Vague memories of your first encounter surface. “The one you needed the magic for?”

“I said that. But it’s more complicated.” She turns to the side. “Koa, hold her.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

Koa returns to your side and slings your arm across her shoulder once more, pulling you up and off the book.

Patchouli opens it back up. “I’m an elementalist. The best still living.” She glances up. “A tragedy.”

She flips the page. You have no idea what the words or the diagrams mean.

“I intend to create a prism. One capable of assimilating all seven days at once to create spells the world has never seen. At present, I have only mastered dualities.”

“She can make a Philosopher’s Stone, but it’s not very good.”

“It’s imperfect. I need an elemental glue to refine it.”

Elementalist? Days? Dualities? Philosopher’s stone?

You clear your throat. “There’s a way I can help?”

“Possibly. Trinities require hostile elements. Additional hands may…”

“Oh, hey. About your girlfriend…”

You wheeze. “What?”

“Are you gonna make up to her?”

You look down. “Would it make a difference, after what I did?”

“You’ve got nothing to lose by trying. She seemed so sweet.”

“She’s not my-she’s my guardian.”

“Meaning?”

You sigh and, testing your legs, pull yourself off her. They wobble slightly, but they carry your weight now.

“We’re not dating. It’s a long story, but I needed protection.”

On your own two feet again, you once more run an arm across your bust and cup your exposed pussy.

“Oooh… Your knight in shining armor. Then you definitely have to make it up to her.”

Patchouli rasps. “Koa.”

“Just apologize really hard, I’m sure-”

“Koa.”

“I can even go and talk-”

“Koa!”

She jerks to attention. “Yes, master?”

“We have a project to plan, and-”

You feel the rustle of cloth under your hands and, glancing down your body, find your dress once more draped over your chest. Sakuya stands between you and Koa.

“Pardon me, the-”

A door slams to your left.

“The creature has overpowered Meiling. It seeks entrance.”

Patchouli exchanges glances with Koa.

“Lady Honda, as it desires you, might I recommend you retreat to the mistress’s quarters?”

“The mistress? Didn’t you say she shouldn’t be bothered?”

“Not that one. The young mistress.”

“The young mistress?”

There were two? If the normal one’s Remilia, then the younger…

Koa gasps. “You’d send her to Lady Flandre? After the poor girl’s tragic rejection?”

Sakuya frowns, eyes steeled. “Her domain’s well-fortified and I’m certain the young mistress would appreciate some distraction.”

Flandre? Hell no. No way…

The door slams again.

You glance to it, remembering the black tentacles and the abuse Shizuha’s suffered.

You take a step back, thinking. Youmu left in the direction of…

You turn around, away from the thumping door. Surrounded by bookshelves, you glance to the gap that Youmu fled through.

Sakuya sighs. “Excuse me, Ms. Honda? Do you intend to leave?”

“I need Youmu.”

“We can gather her once the intruder’s gone. Please, I must recommend you wait in the basement.”

You glance back. The door thumps.

“I’ll be quick.”

Sakuya sighs. “Very well. Then I shall escort you.”

Patchouli and Koa exchange glances again, eyes narrowed. Patchouli clears her throat. Or coughs. It’s gotten hard to tell.

“Sakuya. Stay here.”

“Lady Patchouli, I assure you I can address both our visitor and the intruder at once.”

The door slams again.

“After the damn book’s on my shelves.”

Sakuya twitches, biting her lip. “Very well, Lady Patchouli.”

The door slams. All three turn to face it. Patchouli mutters strange syllables. Koa puts her fists up. Sakuya pulls out a knife, blood red eyes steeled for the coming fight.

You turn back toward the route Youmu went and leap forward. Sprinting across red velvet, between towering bookcases, you turn through a corner to find a door. In one swift motion, you throw it open and bound back to the scarlet halls.

Slate-gray stairs trail upward, flanked by deep red walls with lit candles hanging from them at even intervals. You jog up them, soon reaching a red marble landing as the stairs turn to the right, a smooth oak door in the landing’s outside wall.

You hear voices from above, floating toward you.

“Where is she?”

“Lizzy said she’d be in the library.”

Fairies. You take a breath and glance around. Just red walls, stairs, and the door.

Between Patchouli, Koakuma, and Sakuya, the book should be doomed. But you don’t want to stick around to find out. Certainly not without at least one skilled fighter at your side.

“What’s so great about it, anyway?”

“About what?”

“Her butthole.”

You freeze. They’re talking about you. Without thinking, you leap for the door and swing it open, throwing yourself inside. You close the door behind you, plunging a rack of small, frilly dresses into shadow.

“Think about it, Evette. Her panties showed it off. You don’t do that if you’ve got a boring butt.”

“What if she just thinks it’s great. You know, like the mistress’s taste in booze?”

“Ugh. Don’t let her or the head maid hear you say that.” A pause. “Lizzie swears it’s awesome. Besides, she also says this girl shows the other side, too.”

The voices grow closer. You close your eyes, listening and praying they turn around.

Moments pass as something shifts around the corners of your mind. Creeping, inky sensations, curling and ebbing out from a dozen points around. Some far away, some closer, one floating through the hallway just above. Masses of raw, putrid lust.

A faint, almost invisible speck stops behind the door you press your back to, on the landing. A writhing mass shifts further out, roughly around the library. A host of small spots move and shift throughout the building. Another, more moderate mass moves, far from the library.

The book, the fairies. Who else did you infect? The gatekeeper? The vampire?

Despite the blackness, you clench your eyes as the doorknob turns. Panic rising, you try to suck your power in, holding it tight to the core of your being.

A muffled explosion sounds from the library.

The doorknob eases. The spot flees away, back down the hall.

You breathe out, still holding that power close.

Once the spot moves down another direction, you ease the door open. Candlelight returns to your eyes, drowning out the spots and masses.

Still holding that power tight, you creep forward, turning to continue up the stairs. They end at the middle of a long hallway. Gray stone gives way to more red velvet carpets atop dark granite, below vaulted wood ceilings. Leaning around the right corner, you find doors and candles running down each wall. One fairy floats out of an opened door. Shutting it, she glides away, down the hall.

Glancing back, down the other side, you find more doors and more candles, with two fairies also floating away. You step down the right hall. You pass by door after door, until you find a hall branching off from the left.

“So, you escaped, right?”

You plant yourself by the nearest door, just by the left hall.

“Yeah, she was crazy!”

“Okay, but what did you learn?”

A childish giggle blatantly intended to come off as ladylike.

“Much better than the mint girl.”

Mint girl?

“But what did they look like?”

“Dark red.”

They float closer.

“That’s it?”

“With shiny gold patterns.”

“Ooooh.”

They slide right around the corner, eyes focused on each other. Two fairy maids with pastel-colored hair.

“In really fancy, leafy shapes.”

“Ooooh.”

A pause. Your heart pounds. Could you take them?

Would you attract the rest if you did? You keep a tight hold on your power.

…Have they not noticed you?

Their eyes slide right off you as they float past.

A shaky sigh of relief wheezes from your lungs as your eyes blink in happy disbelief.

“And you’re sure these were her panties? Not her dress?”

Your heart stops.

“Psssh. Her dress was just some boring fading color. None of the fancy stuff.”

“Show me! Show me!”

Fading color? You peel yourself off the door and move to step past, turning toward the left hall.

“Hey, did you see something?”

You pause.

“Hey, who’s that?”

Your grip slips. The power follows, sputtering, then spraying out from you. A silence settles on the hall.

A fairy squeals. “It’s her! Let’s play!”

You whirl around to find the fairies lunging toward you.

You respond by conjuring a handful of hearts and flinging them forward.

They connect with one fairy, staggering her.

The fairies conjure balls of red light. You respond with another volley.

A matching ball whizzes by your head, from behind.

You glance back, further down the hall to find three more fairies coming your way.

You blast another volley at your first foes, popping the first fairy and staggering the second.

You turn and dash down the side hall, only to find yet another fairy coming your way.

She leaps toward your chest.

“Boobies!”

You slam a line of hearts into her gut, popping her. Spinning back around, you find a field of bright red bullets headed your way.

You ready and release a small cloud of hearts now, hurling it their way.

They dodge. You hop backward between their bullets as you fire your next round.

The bullets whiz by, one clipping your thigh.

You fire again, popping one of the four maids. Three left. You fire another wave, popping one more. Two left.

Your muscles start to groan as you leap over a low bullet. You fire again. You stagger both, but neither pops. More bullets come, one line down the center, one near the right wall. You press yourself to the left, then fire again.

It connects with both, popping them.

You stop, breathing heavy. The hallway ends in another two-way intersection about a pace behind you. You stare, stunned, at the empty hallway before you.

Three, two, one… Six? Six fairies. That you fought and beat, all at the same time. A quiet, disbelieving giggle escapes your lips, praying you can get by without fighting more.

…Once you find the purple book, that’s going away. Isn’t it? You shake your head and turn back the way you’d retreated.

You reach the end, then glance down each hall, finding only more doors and more candles. And so much damn red. If only you had someone like Sakuya beside you right now. Or Youmu.

Guessing that she’d be further from library than closer, you turn to the right. Your boots click across the red velvet carpets as your mind wanders.

You need her back, but what do you say? ‘I’m sorry I molested you’? You rub your chin. Then your hand wanders across your face to rub your scalp.

More red passes by.

Is it even really your fault? It was because Youmu missed, after all. If she couldn’t do it, why did she still accept? Surely, she, of all people, would’ve known the risks. For that matter, why did she leave? Did she think you’d go after her again? Was she offended that you lost control?

She’s too strong to fear you, so she must be angry.

You hit a dead end with a dark, wooden door. You lean in, pushing the door open to find a room with a plush bed, a tall dresser, and a small, short white desk with a similarly small mirror.

But no Youmu.

You close it and turn around.

She could be in any one of these doors, but you have nowhere near the time to check them all.

You walk back down the hall, finding another hall branching off to your right. You must have missed it on the way in.

You turn and walk down it, closing your eyes.

More spots of filth litter the building, but none too close. The giant mass moves further away below you, but the smaller one grows closer.

Just how will you broach the question?

Something clatters into the wall to your left, ringing as it bounces off to hit the floor behind you.

You glance back.

It’s a shiny, embossed silver ball with two dark red straps hanging out.

It looks an awful lot like a smaller version of the gag you stuffed Mystia with.

You glance forward, shivering. This way takes you closer to the mass. It’s also where the gag came from. It may be your only shot at finding Youmu.

If you wait, more fairies will eventually find you. If that book wins, it will find you, given enough time.

You swallow and step forward, soon finding a thin wooden block lying in the hall, with dark iron hinges and three circular holes, the middle one larger than the other two. A black iron seam runs right down the middle, hitting every hole before ending in a padlock.

You step around it when voices, yet again, float to your ears.

“It’s gotta be the bar!”

“The bar’s boring. Give her the ring!”

“What about the weird one? I wanna see how it works!”

More damn fairy maids.

“Unhand me!”

That was Youmu.

This hallway ends at a corner, veering off to the left. A smaller fairy crashes into the wall to your right, thumping to the ground. More toys litter the floor before you. You jog, as quiet as you can, to the corner and peer around it.

Youmu lies face-up on the floor, her feet facing you as she wrestles with a tall, aqua-haired fairy maid hunched over her. A busty fairy maid with one wing drooping to the floor and the other peeled halfway off. A thick, white substance drips from the peeled wing. Youmu’s swords lie a good pace away, out of reach. Several smaller fairies crowd around them, each carrying a gag, a set of shackles, or some other strange toy. Each restraint features either dull metal on leather straps, or silver with red, pink, or purple straps.

Except for the simple but smooth, shining gray shackles lying near Youmu.

She throws her leg up at her assailant, only for the maid to twist to the left. Youmu throws a shackled fist at her, dragging a second cuff behind it, into the maid’s gut. The maid jerks back from the blow but catches it and yanks on it, throwing Youmu onto her front. Plopping her ass onto Youmu’s back, the maid drags that empty cuff across, pulling her wrist along with it. The maid’s hair, once smooth and held close to the scalp, now puffs out, scraggly with wear.

One of the smaller fairies lies on the ground nearby, clutching her stomach.

The maid cries out in triumph. “Gotcha!”

Youmu twists her wrists, pulling their chain tight just to get them to her sides. The maid lifts herself up to turn around. Youmu throws her leg up, jerking the maid forward as it collides with her ass.

The maid grunts. “Hey, cut that out!”

“Get these things off me!”

“No!”

The maid snatches the loose pair from the floor and wrestles Youmu’s left ankle to the floor, cuffing it. You need to act. But something about her…

She giggles. “Aren’t they amazing? I made them so they’d keep even an oni restrained.” She sighs. “If only I got to use them on the girl I’d made them f-”

Youmu’s free leg thumps into the maid’s side, over and over.

“Hey! I said quit it!”

Made them? What is she, a blacksm…

Your jaw moves, silent. It clicks. The size, the peeling wings…

What about her had started to stir so much dread.

That’s not a fairy maid. It’s Kogasa.

Her head jerks up, one red eye and one blue swiveling toward you. You leap back, pressing your back flat to the corner wall. Your heart pounds.

You swallow, sweat beading on your skin. You gulp and close your eyes, feeling the lust around you. The mass is Kogasa, surrounded by at least four spots.

Her desire strains toward you, but there’s a faint undercurrent creeping toward Youmu, as well. You’ve no idea where Kogasa’s looking, however.

Your chest heaves, breath quaking. Youmu needs you. You steal one more glance. Kogasa’s dragged the ankle chain underneath Youmu’s wrist chain and back up, pulling it back and folding her left leg in half. She kicks her free right leg into Kogasa’s side. She’ll do that to you if she gets the chance, won’t she?

Five fairies, plus the one on the ground, and Kogasa.

With her wrists locked, without her swords, Youmu won’t help much. Probably. You need to do this yourself. You breathe in and out. In and out, you can-

“Unhand me, you barmglph!”

A giggle sounds behind you. You twist back, only finding a door ajar.

You peek again. One small fairy maid stands in front of Youmu’s face, hands stretched into it, while another floats over her head and with a pair of small bars, held together by small gears. The maid lowers them in front her face. Kogasa folds your protector’s free, thrashing leg near the other.

Youmu shakes her head, but the fairies hold on.

Just you versus Kogasa. And the five fairies, too.

Another click. One more glance. Kogasa steps back to reveal both ankles now shackled, their chain trapped behind Youmu’s wrist chain. She rolls Youmu onto her back, her green skirt sliding down her straining thighs to her waist to expose her mint panties again. Youmu arches her back, the interlocked chains of her shackled hands forcing her feet to fold against her ass. She sags then turns to an angle, straining ankles pulling her shoulders taut as they drag her hands to her thighs. Kogasa hops over to Youmu’s face, pressing your protector’s back to the ground.

Youmu squeals, just before you hear gears turning. Kogasa winds something near Youmu’s cheek. The fairies let go and float away. Kogasa settles back on Youmu’s belly, turning in your direction, her eyes just barely slipping past you to something on the ground nearby.

An engraved, curved metal plate, just smaller than your hand, welded to a leather base and a mess of straps.

“Well… if I can’t have the girl I need, I guess I can perform a little stress test on my babies.” Kogasa runs a hand down Youmu’s twisting, straining form, bringing up her thigh and around to pat her exposed panties.

“You’ve been very mean to me, you know. So, keep struggling, okay? Make sure they’re nice and secure for my girl.”

Youmu bucks, throwing Kogasa up.

“Wha!” Kogasa lands, wrapping her hands around Youmu’s head and pulling it up. You find Youmu’s tongue extended all way out from her mouth, pressed tight between a pair of slender bars just long enough to dig into the corners of her beet red face. “You didn’t have to do that.”

Your hopes are fast fading. You need to…

“Bring her back with her purityintact, would you? I dislike making examples out of people.”


Kogasa leans in, bringing her head near Youmu’s forcibly extended tongue. Youmu twists, bouncing and crying out as their faces near.

You hurl yourself around the corner, charging toward them. “Let her go!”

Kogasa pauses, turning to face you. Her eyes go wide, outright sparkling.

“Naoko! You came!”

She drops Youmu’s head and hops to her feet, spinning to face you. She opens her arms wide.

You hurl a chain of hearts at her gut. In a blink, she shifts to the side.

“Wah! Hey, we don’t have to fight!”

You pause, feet stopping amid a pile of shackles and gags. “Let Youmu go.”

“Sure!”

You blink.

“If you’ll take her place!”

“What? No!”

“Pleeease?”

“No.”

She pouts. “Fine. We’ll have a fight. But I get to keep you if I win!”

You stare back. “And you’ll let Youmu go if I win.”

Youmu arches her back again, folding her legs as she tries to… do something. She sputters through the tongue bars, voice desperate and eyes wide.

“Yeah, yeah.”

Spirals of purple bullets appear around Kogasa as you warm up your own hearts. You take a step back, wondering how you’ll squeeze through her bullet wall.

A high-pitched voice squeals from behind you, “it’s a fight!”

A red bullet crashes past your shoulder, to the wall behind Kogasa.

You flip around to see three fairies firing more red bullets. You pound a line of hearts into one fairy, catching her by surprise and popping her.

You spin around to find the bullets fast approaching, accompanied by fire from the three fairies behind Kogasa. You fire another couple lines forward.

Kogasa sidesteps them but they send the fairies behind her scattering and clip one. Youmu twists her back from side to side, grunting.

No pops, though.

“Wait! Give her the shackles, not the pillory!”

You spin back around to find a fairy floating toward you, carrying a small block of wood with two holes.

You pound her with hearts, popping her.

“No! Daisy!” The remaining fairy glares at you, then flees as you fire another line her way.

You glance forward just long enough to squeeze through Kogasa’s spiral, ducking low to avoid the red bullets slipping through. Puffing, you pull yourself back up and whip around to fire another burst of hearts toward the last fairy behind you.

She floats out of the way, sticking her tongue out at you.

“Careful, Lizzy, careful. Don’t…”

You spin back around, a fairy floats between you and Kogasa, carrying a rubber ball on red straps.

“Wah! She found you!” The fairy in the back pelts you with red, forcing you to duck as her companion approaches. Slipping to the side, you lift yourself up to find the gag floating far too close. Jogging backward, you pelt the carrier with hearts. They connect, popping her.

As the ball clatters back to the ground and a new wave of purple bullets appears around Kogasa, you spin back around to find the last fairy behind you picking up what appears to be a dark red corset.

You fire, nailing and popping her.

You return your gaze to Kogasa to find the two fairies behind her fighting over a red buckled collar. You heave a tiring breath as you fire a cloud of bullets their way.

Kogasa slips between the hearts, letting them pop one fairy and clip the other. Youmu lies on her side now, shaking her head and curling her back as she pulls at her chains. A small puddle of drool collects under her tongue.

You breathe heavy. Just one more fairy, then Kogasa.

The purple bullets float toward you, forcing you to leap to the side to slip between them.

“For honor! For love! For panties and pretty pink leashes!”

The last fairy surges forward, carrying a silvery leash with a long chain and pink frills underneath.

You fire another cloud of hearts, then one more.

Kogasa steps through both, slipping between your hearts. The fairy weaves between them and pounds her body into your gut, shoving you back. She floats out, staring you down with hard, glinting eyes. You pound a trio of hearts into her, popping her.

Just you and Kogasa now. And Youmu, still twisting around near her feet.

Kogasa gives you a massive grin as she raises her hand. Three spirals of pink bullets fire out from her, terrifyingly fast. You jog back, firing out more clouds of hearts. The pink bullets rocket toward you, changing into narrower forms in a spread of rainbow colors as they approach. You leap and hop between the narrower bullets, letting them graze your shoulders and hips as you look for the next opening.

During the short gaps between, you fire more clouds. One of them, finally, clips Kogasa’s arm.

Then the bullets end. Kogasa’s still grinning. “You did so well!”

A faltering smile breaks across your lips. “Is… is that all? Are you done?”

She presses a finger to her lips. Youmu thrashes in her chains.

“Nope!”

You tense, firing off another cloud, smaller and denser, in Kogasa’s direction.

“Rain Sign [A Rainy Night’s Ghost Story]!”

To your surprise, your bullets evaporate as they approach, subsumed by a cloud of small, blue bullets of her own. She fires them toward you, flying in random directions.

You find one opening and throw yourself through it, only to find more bullets behind it. So many, many more bullets. You duck, dodge, and weave, taking a blow to your gut, then your head.

You stagger backward, only to find the bullets still coming. No gaps this time, just an unending swarm. You throw yourself into the best opening you can find, only to get hit on both shoulders.

Heavy breath shaking, you scan for another, only to get slammed in the crotch. You stumble back, falling on your ass as the bullets finally fade away.

Limbs shaking, you pull yourself off the floor. Your knees knock as you struggle to hold yourself upright, dragging on your power to summon one more heart. It fizzles and winks out. You try again, scanning the room for your… target.

Kogasa’s not there.

“Erhe! Ehoo!” Youmu screams, banging her shackled feet on the floor.

“What do you…”

A hand claps your left shoulder as a smell floats to your nose.

Pussy. Wet, hungry pussy. Your gut churns at how fast you identified the smell. A hand leans over your right shoulder, holding a bunched-up wad of dripping, white-and-blue striped fabric.

“Open up for me, okay?”

She slides the hand on your left to your chin, while the right carries that fabric toward your mouth.

You slide your shaking hands up in front of your mouth to press them to the fabric, holding it back. “Wait. Let’s talk about this. Please, I-”

“I won, Naoko. Fair and square. Just be a good sport, admit you lost, and let me have my prize.”

“What about a rematch? And maybe I could-”

Kogasa’s hand squeezes your jaw. “Open up.”

You purse your lips, shaking your head. Until her iron grip stops you, locking your head in place as her fingers grind into it. Your jaw aches, then hurts, then threatens to buckle under her fingers. Defeated, you open your quivering mouth. Youmu stills, eyes closing as she rests her head and knees on the carpet.

Kogasa presses the sex-drenched cloth between your teeth, almost choking you as she shoves it inside. Her fingers leave your aching jaw.

The taste of Kogasa’s lust drowns your tongue as she gives it a few final pats. She lets go and you let yourself fall back to your ass.

“Enjoy my panties, I made sure to get all of my love on them.”

She giggles. You retch, dry heaves pushing a couple folds past your lips.

“Hey! Keep it in!”

Too weak to stand, jaw still aching, you just sit there, wet panties hanging from your lips. Kogasa turns a glare toward you. You freeze, too petrified to dare pull the panties out.

She hops in front of you, carrying that engraved metal plate with all its straps hanging off the sides.

“Jeez. You’re making me do every little thing!” She presses a hand to the wadded cloth, shoving it back behind your teeth. She then sighs, face brightening into a smile. “Ta-da!” She presents the plate, not quite shoving it in your face.

‘Naoko,’ it reads.

“I made this one just for you. Isn’t it pretty?”

With your mouth stuffed as it is, you settle for mumbling a vaguely positive sound.

She pouts. “Here, let me show you how it works.”

She steps around to your back and drops to her knees, then slides the plate in front of your panty-stuffed mouth. She presses the leather backing tight to your jaw with one hand, while the other pulls a strap up from the top.

Two smaller straps run up from the plate, around your nose, to connect to a single larger strap just above it. She runs it up and over your scalp, then slides it around something behind you just before pulling the two side straps around the base of your head.

Something buckles behind you just before she pulls on it, tightening it around your head. Idly, you push on the cloth with your tongue, pressing it to the plate.

The plate doesn’t budge, of course.

Kogasa hops around and in front of you once more as she scans the floor. You run a hand along the plate, feeling the grooves of your name. “Hey! Don’t touch that!”

Startled, you pull your hand back off. Kogasa wanders around you, maid dress bouncing as she flits from shackles to ball gag to pink cock.

You could try to unbuckle the gag, of course, but then what? Fight her? After she almost broke your jaw just to stuff you? Sex-flavored fluids trickle down your throat with each subtle shift of the teeth you unwillingly press into her panties.

Still shaking, you pull yourself back to your feet and stagger backward. Maybe if you just…

“Give me your hands.”

You blink, looking up to see a pair of bright, silvery shackles with soft pink lace at their edges. Just like the last fairy’s collar. And Kogasa’s red and blue eyes staring right at you. Defeated, you lift your hands.

She places them, one at a time, in the cuffs. Then she closes and locks them. Groaning, you tug at them, finding the chain about as long as Youmu’s, letting you get them to your sides before it pulls taut.

Kogasa lifts your right foot. You glance forward to find a matching set of shackles near them, one sliding around your ankle.

She shuts and locks it, then locks the other around your left.

“Over here!”

You look up to find her holding a collar, the pink-laced one the last fairy dropped, its long chain dragging behind her.

She pops it open, splitting it in half by the d-link. She slides it around your neck and snaps it closed again, closing a padlock on the front. She runs her fingers down the chain, pulling it up as she glances to a door at the end of the hall, behind Youmu.

She glances down at Youmu, then sighs.

“Wait right here.”

She jogs back, snaps a matching leash from the floor, and hops over to Youmu. You look away, down your violet dress. So much for saving Youmu.

Chains clink and metal snaps open. Then it snaps shut again. Footsteps patter toward you just before a hand slides across your silk-covered belly to snatch your leash. It tugs, pulling the chain up, then away.

Then it forces you to turn, finding Kogasa carrying your leash in one hand, alongside Youmu’s.

She carries a bulky mess of black leather in the other.

You pull your neck back, but a quick tug from Kogasa sends you stumbling forward, feet twisting just to keep you upright. She drags you down the hall, to the door she’d been eyeing. You glance to Youmu, whose hands rest trapped behind her back, but freed from her ankles.

She glances back, giving you a hard, determined stare. One rather undermined by the tongue still forced out by the small bars digging into her cheeks. Kogasa gives both leashes another tug. You turn to see the door open as Kogasa drags your stumbling feet forward.

You find the room she brings you to rather cozy. A dark wooden dresser sits in the far-left corner, with a two-person, plush bed with high, engraved wooden posts at each corner, four beams running between them. A rosy red blanket covers the bed. Another small desk and mirror rests in the near left, made of matching dark wood.

“Okay! Let’s get started.” Kogasa ushers you to the bed, dumping you on it as she spins around. She takes a quick detour to the door, clicking the lock, then whirls back around to stare down your would-be guardian.

“Now, Yo-u-mu…”

Youmu flinches and backs into the wall, chains shifting as she pressed herself between the desk and dresser.

“Someone’s wearing Ms. Naoko’s bracelets.”

Kogasa drops the mess of black leather beside Youmu and grabs her green vest, popping it open, button by button.

You turn around, tugging your wrists apart as you try to shut out the sound of fabric sliding against fabric. Then Youmu’s garbed cries. You burrow your head into the blanket, lifting your left leg almost to your waist before the chain pulls taut. The chains clink as your ankles tug at them, but not loud enough to drown out the sound of fabric sliding against skin.

“Hey! Naoko, pay attention!”

You flinch, sweat beading on your skin as you ease your struggles.

“Don’t make me come over there, young lady.”

A quiet, disbelieving giggle bubbles from your throat. This is the girl who overpowered and confined you? Whose magic so overwhelmed your own?

You remind yourself of what her temper would do to your bones. Groaning through the panties, you return to face Youmu’s now bare back and soft, tight ass.

“Behold!” She stares you in the eyes as she gestures to the chain hanging across that butt from Youmu’s stiffened wrists. “Built to hold even an oni in place! Once equipped, the captive will never escape until its owner opens them.”

You squeeze your right hand between your thighs, jerking the left almost to your chest. You tug the left up, away from your right, letting the shackle dig into your wrist. The chain doesn’t even creak.

She nudges Youmu. Tired and irritated, Youmu tugs at them for a moment, then lets her wrists fall limp.

She rubs her nose. “I put so much effort into them, you know. Do you have any idea how hard oni-resistant metals are to get, let alone work with? I busted my favorite hammer! And the next one!” She sighs as she licks her lips. “But it was all worth it, just to enjoy your ass one more time.”

You roll to your side, cuffs biting into your wrists as you pull at their chain.

“Next!” Kogasa drops to a squat, gesturing to the ankles on Youmu’s smooth white socks. “Just as tough, guaranteed to prevent even your most dexterous efforts from separating us!”

Youmu tugs her right ankle up for but a moment.

“Now just a wait a moment, dear, before I get these babies on you, where they belong.” Kogasa stands back up, bringing her hands to Youmu’s top button and snapping it loose.

You turn around, giving your wrists one last tug before you let go, skin bright red under the cuffs. You sigh, shackled hands and legs curling into each other as you dream up escape plans to the sound of leather sliding across skin, mixed with Youmu’s garbled cries.

You uncurl, glancing back just long enough to find Youmu twisting, still upright, under the heavy leather straps Kogasa had draped over her shoulders. Trying to turn away from the hands sliding across her modest breasts to flick at her pale, pink nipples.

You turn your eyes to the vaulted ceiling, spreading your legs to pull at your ankle chain. Leather slides against skin, buckles snap, and Youmu’s cries grow quieter. Sadder.

You failed.

Chains clink, both your own and Youmu’s.

Youmu failed.

“Now, I need you to be real still, okay? Naoko needs her shackles back, so…”

Crash!

You lift your head.

Youmu stands in the corner of the wall and dresser, pressing herself into them and away from Kogasa, who sits, feet splayed, a couple steps away.

Kogasa leaps back up, throwing her right hand to Youmu’s shivering shoulder and under a black strap. “I said be still!” She shoves her left hand into Youmu’s gut and slides the right hand down Youmu’s side, pulling the strap tight over her right arm, then her left. Kogasa then tugs another set around each hip.

Black leather straps crisscross Youmu’s torso, connected by metal rings in a repeating diamond pattern. The leash is gone, replaced by a collar matching her straps. Kogasa moves to her collar, pulling and tightening each strap one by one.

Youmu yelps as Kogasa reaches the straps encircling her breasts, pushing Youmu’s breasts out and digging into their bases just a little more with each tug. Kogasa hums a cheery tune as she continues down to the diamond encompassing her navel, then the straps wrapped around the base of her thighs, running just around Youmu’s cute, exposed pussy.

Kogasa pulls Youmu back and steps behind her, tightening it in the back.

“You’re doing really well. Just hold still a little longer, okay?”

Youmu groans, slumping over as Kogasa pulls a black sleeve from the floor and presses it to Youmu’s back, chains clinking as she moves your protector’s arms.

You hear a couple clicks, then find Youmu’s shackles falling to the floor behind her. Youmu throws her body into Kogasa’s side, shoving your captor back again. She staggers forward, around Kogasa, toward you.

You barely get a muffled squeal through the damn panties before Kogasa leaps, tackling Youmu to the ground, where she pins her arms to her back and drags the sleeve over them.

You shuffle backward, chains clinking until you hit the headboard. You curl into yourself, shivering. Idly, you tug your ankles apart again.

Leather presses to fabric once more before you hear a zip, followed by three straps buckling. With a trio of tugs, Kogasa sighs.

Then a few more straps buckle. Then Kogasa steps out and around, hauling Youmu up by her collar.

Youmu groans, swinging her torso around to reveal the black sleeve pressed tight around both arms, folding them behind her back. A strap runs up from each end of the sleeve, connecting to a ring at the center of her back with three more straps running out from it. One to her collar and one around each arm, back to the diamonds in the front. She leans back, gurgling her frustrations.

“Almost done, now let me see your feet.”

Youmu yelps, again, jerking her head downward as Kogasa grabs her ankles. Fitting a key into the shackles, she frees one, then the other. Youmu kicks at her.

It connects. Kogasa staggers back, holding her forehead. “Ow!”

She turns to face Youmu, grabs the ankle, and yanks.

Youmu’s feet fall out from under her, sending her ass crashing back to the floor.

“Now, behave.”

Gurgling, Youmu nods her head. Kogasa drags Youmu back toward the wall, rips her shoes off, and throws them aside. She then slides one leg into a long, long black boot. One that reaches halfway up the girl’s thigh, with a heel so long it would force her onto her tiptoes.

She buckles four different straps at different points along the boot’s length, then feeds the other leg through an identical boot. As she buckles the second up, you can’t help but notice a series of d-links running up the interior side of each boot, right by a corresponding buckle.

Kogasa grabs a handful of padlocks, which she runs through the links between Youmu’s leather-wrapped legs, clicking one shut around each link. Finally, she finishes with Youmu’s ankles, lets go, and stands up.

Once Kogasa backs off, Youmu goes back to twisting and straining. But if the shackles inhibited her, these immobilize her. Humming, Kogasa skips toward you. You twist and bounce, pressing yourself to the headboard, shrinking away from her. Youmu’s shackles dangle from her hands.

She leaps onto the mattress and crawls toward you, chains clinking. “Oh boy! I finally get to put these on you!” She pulls out a key, which she inserts into the lock on your left shackle, popping it open. She repeats with the right.

“Now, about this dress…”

Kogasa glides her hands through the slit in of your dress and, reaching under it, she pushes it up your stomach. Frantic, your hands fly to her wrists. She snatches them and presses them to the bed on either side of you.

“I. Won. Fair and square. Now stop messing around!”

She glares at you. You lock up.

She pushes the dress up, over your head, and down your arms. The cool bedroom air brushes by your exposed belly and…

“Oh, wow. The fairies were right.” Kogasa runs a hand down your bare belly, up against the side of your ‘bra,’ and flicks your bare nipple. “Well, I guess we can leave these on, since they don’t get in the way.”

She throws the dress aside and sets the smaller shackles on your belly, both popped open. “Put your hands here.”

Eyes moist and twitching, you shake your head. She frowns. You shut your eyes, still shaking.

Kogasa sighs. “If can’t behave, I guess I’ll need to teach you.”

A hand crashes across your left breast, stinging it. Then your right. Your feet shake, but Kogasa’s weight prevents you from running, even if you had any courage left. You choke through the next couple blows, then surrender, dropping your wrists, limp, in the cuffs and letting her lock you into them. You lie there, letting her slide down, pop your ankle cuffs off, and replace them with Youmu’s set. You can’t help but notice just how snug they fit, as if they were made with only your wrists and ankles in mind.

Finally, she pulls something else out from behind her. A shiny but dull gray collar, the same as your gag and your new set of shackles. You find a name embossed into the front, just above an empty d-link. ‘Naoko Honda,’ it reads. Of course.

Popping it open, she sets it aside as she opens your current collar, only to toss it to the floor. Gently, reverently, she slides the new, embossed collar around your neck, snapping it shut and locking a padlock on the back.

“You know what means, right?” Kogasa rubs a hand down to your crotch, fingers poking at your exposed pussy. “You’re all mine now. Your ass belongs to me, understand?”

Gut dropping, you nod. It’s a lie, of course. You can… you can still win. You can still escape. You got away from Mystia and Wriggle. You can get away from her. Eventually. You throw a glance to Youmu’s constricted, defeated form. You just play by her stupid rules and you’ll get your chance… right?

And even if you can’t escape, you can at least get Youmu out, right?

An opportunity will come, right?

“It’s not so bad, you know. Being a tool. It’s so much better than being unwanted. Now point that adorable little butt this way, okay?”

Shivering, you comply, feeling the blanket against your face as you flip onto your front.

“Good, good. Now, stick it out just a little more.”

Face burning, you fold your legs together. Just get it over with. Just get it over with. Just…

A tongue swipes down your crack. You bury your face in the sheets, screaming into Kogasa’s panties as she licks your asshole. As she grabs your ass-cheeks, wedges her face down your crack, and forces her wet, slippery way through your sphincter.

She moans into your ass.

Garbled, furious screams float to your ear from the far wall as Kogasa rolls her head around your crack, pumping your ass with her impossible tongue.

The screams climb in pitch and ferocity until you feel the full length of her wet muscle slide up and out, popping free from your ass as she pulls her head away.

Shaking, you let your spit-soaked ass fall. Groaning into the panties, you twist and turn, facing back to Youmu as you pull yourself into a sitting position.

Kogasa approaches her. “Sorry, sorry. I guess you felt kind of left out, huh?”

Youmu’s screams die in her throat. Kogasa hauls her apron up and off, then with a pop of a button, drops her pleated skirt down her legs, exposing a smooth, round ass of her own.

She steps out of it and, crouching down, grabs Youmu by the collar, dragging her onto the floor. Youmu twists and writhes as Kogasa turns her until the girl’s feet face away from you. She squats down over Youmu’s naked, tightly compressed body. Pinching Youmu’s already pinched tongue between her fingers, she lowers her crotch to Youmu’s face.

You shut your eyes as Kogasa’s pussy muffles Youmu’s cries. But it does little good. The muffled cries are soon drowned out by wet schlicks as Kogasa rubs her lascivious cunt all over the poor girl’s face.

And what little cries you hear soon transition to frantic licking. Intermixed with the occasional whimper.

Then the sounds die out. The whimpers grow louder, now interspersed with hiccups.

“Hey! I gave you attention! What else could, you…”

The sound of revelation in her voice paralyzes you.

“Oh, of course! Here, just a sec.”

And just like that, you’re back to curling into yourself.

A chain rattles, then hits something solid, then slides along it.

Youmu yelps. Leather twists and strains, then something hooks into it.

“Wakey wakey, sleepyhead.”

You peel your eyes open to see Kogasa staring back. She leans forward, grabs you by the collar, and pulls, jerking you forward.

With another tug, she has you off the bed and stumbling to your feet. Then she grabs your wrists and pulls. You shake your head, pulling back. Her eyes narrow, darkening. You swallow, stale pussy juice gliding down your throat as you hold out only another moment before you relent, letting her haul them up. She drags you nearly to your tiptoes before hooking them into a chain that hangs across the rafter above your head.

You stare up at it, bewildered, before feeling a pair of soft, tight breasts bump into your own slightly larger, less restrained pair. You look forward to find Youmu tethered to the other end of your chain, hooked by links on her shoulder straps.

Kogasa reaches around your neck, carrying a short chain over your shoulder. She snaps one end onto your collar’s link, then runs around behind Youmu and affixes the opposite end to her collar.

Even in the position you’re in, breasts bumping into Youmu’s, the chain barely droops. A hand glides across your ass.

“Now that we’ve got you two lovebirds together, let’s dig in!”

You twist, hands forced above you, Youmu’s nipples glancing across your breasts, hips touching.

Kogasa squats down, stroking your ass again.

You look into Youmu’s terrified eyes, feeling just a spark of courage returning. Just for her, you might be able to defy Kogasa. But should you? 
You give Youmu the firmest, most confident gaze you can muster, even as a bit of drool trickles down her chin.

You tense as Kogasa’s tongue slides up and down your crack once more. Her panties shift in your mouth, squeezing out another dribble of her juices. You’ve got an idea.

She presses her nose between your ass-cheeks, probing your sphincter. Again. You breathe in. You’ll need an opening to pull this off. You give the chain above an experimental tug, testing your strength. Youmu yelps through the bars on her tongue, diverting your eyes.

Her wide eyes shift from terror to jittery nervousness. Kogasa’s tongue leaves you.

“Oh! I almost forgot!” Kogasa jogs away from you.

You twist, pushing your right breast between Youmu’s pair and leaning back behind your hanging arms to glance behind you.

Kogasa clears her throat, holding her right hand out. With only a light rustle, that giant, purple umbrella flies out from under it, sliding inside her outstretched hand. Its eye stares back at you, its giant tongue hanging.

She swings it upward and, reaching underneath it, pulls out a long and curved double-ended pink dildo. She gives you a giant, beaming grin as she tosses it to her umbrella’s giant tongue.

The tongue folds around the dildo, rubbing it.

“Just give me a second to have this lubed up for you lovebirds.”

“Hgh! Hgh!”

Something drips onto your right breast. You turn back around to find Youmu’s eyes wide again, her spit now dribbling off her chin, down to your chest. She beats the backs of her hands against her sides, twisting in her harness.

A slender but calloused hand slides down your back, along your ass, to poke at your pussy. “Spread those legs for me and be real still so it goes in easy, okay?”

You sigh into her disgusting panties, looking up to your dangling wrists as you spread your legs. You pull the chain taut just as you feel the head press against your pussy lips. You breathe in and out as what you pray to be the last of her juices dribbles down your throat.

You whimper as the rubber cock pokes at your lower lips, sending a shiver up your spine as it slides in. Then it stops, pushing into stiffer flesh. You look down, between both Youmu’s modest breasts and your own pair, seeing only the mock underwear around your crotch.

Involuntarily, you squeeze your thighs together to try to push the fat, ridged intruder out. You yelp as her hand crashes across your ass. Groaning, you spread your legs again, shuffling your hips to ease the pressure as she pushes it harder, squeezing it through your unyielding cunt. Youmu’s saliva trail shifts to your left breast as she fidgets, twisting her own bust around and grinding her nipples across your flesh.

Kogasa pushes it harder until, with a thump, it slams through you, the bend hitting your mound. You swallow, cheeks squeezing her now spit-soaked panties, fingers twitching and back shivering at the sensation of the repulsive, unwelcome shaft wedged inside you.

“There, much better. Now…” She glides around behind Youmu, reaching around her to grip the hard, pink shaft protruding from your pussy. She pulls it down, lining it up with Youmu’s slit. You stare into Youmu’s wide, teary eyes, offering the kindest gaze you can achieve with only your eyebrows.

You just need to wait for Kogasa to step within reach of your ankles.

Youmu’s teal pupils fixate on your joined crotches. You feel only subtle shifts inside you but find Youmu’s eyes clenching shut. You feel her body shiver against yours.

“Ghlr… Lgh.”

Her cheeks flush, spit trailing between both your breasts and hers, now.

The shifting slows down. You feel small twists and jerks, accompanied by Kogasa’s grunts, followed by Youmu’s.

“Grrr. Hey, Naoko. Help me out here.”

You stare down both pairs of breasts again, still blinded by your body and Youmu’s. She whimpers, shifting her hips.

“Give her a few thrusts, okay? It’s not going in.”

Youmu opens her eyes wide, shaking her head hard enough to send her spit flying to the sides.

“Well, what are you waiting for?” Kogasa leans her head out from Youmu’s back, flat eyes boring into you. Slowly, shivering, you shake your head. Yuyuko will kill you if you take this any further.

She frowns. You close your eyes, holding firm. Kogasa leaps to her feet, sliding her hands around Youmu’s ass. She drags Youmu’s ass back, then shoves it forward. Youmu wails as the dildo jerks inside you. She drags Youmu’s ass back again.

“Hrghph!” You shout. Kogasa pauses.

You inhale through your nose. It’s too late to go back now. You need Kogasa relaxed enough to get in position. You need Youmu’s crotch to get through this. For both your sake and Youmu’s, you need to play this girl’s stupid game a little longer.

You offer Youmu your most apologetic eyes. She cocks her head, brows slanted, before they fly wide open again.

You pull your hips back, just slightly, then thrust. You’re softer than Kogasa was, but she still jerks back, yelping.

“Good, good. Keep doing that.”

Kogasa leaps to her feet and circles around your back again.

You thrust into Youmu again, she whimpers.

Kogasa shoves her face in your ass again. You jerk back, pressing the cheeks into her face before you thrust forward. The tongue presses to your sphincter. Again.

You shove forward. Again. The shaft shifts, triggering a warmth in your gut. You push it to the side, listening to Youmu’s garbled, broken yelps as you thrust Kogasa’s vile toy into her. With the end of each thrust, your ass bounces back into your captor’s face, pushing her back.

Youmu groans, wriggling on the cock, hands clenching and unclenching. The toy’s movements slow, jerking from something inside her.

Arms aching from your chains, back tiring, the cock beats into you with each thrust. Hips bouncing, Kogasa’s tongue playing with your asshole, you shiver, growing warm and wet.

“Ghleh!” Youmu yelps in pain. You pause, slowing. Something warm, wet, and sticky trails down your leg. After the parade of pussies you’ve been shoved into, you know quite well what its fluids feel like. Whatever trickles down your leg is something else.

Kogasa sighs. “Oh, you were a virgin. My bad.”

You stare down at her, frantic.

She stares back up. “Hey! It’s already gone, so get back to pounding her!”

You pause, turning back to Youmu. Youmu winces, eyes easing over time.

Kogasa slaps your ass. You jerk from her blow, then start, slow, and push into Youmu again.

Kogasa pulls her head from your ass and shuffles around you, stopping behind Youmu. Youmu’s eyes fly open again as she lets out a yelp. You pull back, slowly.

Wet, slurping noises sound out around Youmu’s ass, followed by a loud, disappointed sigh. Kogasa stands up and drops her arms over Youmu’s shoulders, nuzzling into her neck. The weight pushes her down, dragging you to up to your tiptoes.

“Your ass tastes way too much like mochi, you know that?”

Youmu’s looks up and away, her face burning red.

“You should go for a more earthy, rustic flavor, like Naoko.” Kogasa sticks her tongue out. “And the cheeks, my goodness. Your butt’s way too firm. A little bit’s kinda nice, sure. But there’s none of Naoko’s pillow softness. And the weight, the heft, they’re just not there. You need to eat more.”

Youmu whimpers, twisting her torso as Kogasa slips her tongue back in and slides her hands down Youmu’s ass.

“Jeez guys, no one came yet.”

Youmu lets out a shivering whine as Kogasa drags her back, almost off the damn cock. She holds Youmu’s hips there. “Well? Are you gonna get back to fucking, or do I have do it all myself?”

You twitch. She shoves Youmu’s hips down again, slamming her into your crotch. Youmu screams and you squeal as the shaft grinds itself deeper inside you. Kogasa steps back, staring hard at you over Youmu’s shoulder. Shutting your eyes, you take the hint and move your hips.

With only a few more thrusts, a few more hits to Youmu’s crotch shoving jerking the rubber menace inside you, you grow hot. Youmu’s skin burns against yours, her heavy-lidded, aqua eyes dancing away from your own. Every twist and bounce of her breasts glances across your own quaking chest.

Your chains clatter. Your skin beads with sweat. Youmu lets out a soft, muffled mewl. Kogasa stands back as you pound the disgusting toy into your one-time protector’s vulnerable pussy. Your stomach twists even as your crotch begs for more. Then, with a shudder, the final wave of pleasure washes over you.

Heart pounding and lungs straining, a long and loud, shuddering groan filters through your captor’s underwear to escape the engraved plate on your lips.

Exhausted, you sag in your chains, held up only by the rafter and the damn dildo. You wince as you feel the sticky trickle running down both your leg and hers.

Kogasa steps around to your left, tapping her feet. She waits a moment. Silence hangs over the room. Kogasa sighs, then drops to her knees and tugs on the dildo. With a couple jerks, she drags it out of your pussies.

“I guess your girlfriend can wait. But just this once, okay?”

You groan through her damn panties. You’re still under her perverted thumb, but at least your pussy’s empty. Then Kogasa pushes you aside, rotating you as she squeezes between the two of you.

“Fatten it up next time, okay?”

Looking down, you find Kogasa kissing Youmu’s pussy. She pulls back, just starting to stand. She’s in position, or at least as close as she’s going to get. With your arms and back already aching, you won’t have any strength left the next time.

You tug your wrists downward, jerking Youmu up. She yelps as you lift your feet off the ground. You’re no athlete, but you manage to get your ankles just high enough to hurl your them out, over Kogasa’s head and behind her neck. You jerk them back across her shoulders. You drag the chain around her neck, sliding one ankle toward the other to cross…

They stop cold, held in place by firm, powerful hands. She stares back up at you, arms raised to hold your ankles, eyes wide and mouth gaping. You shove your feet toward each other, twisting and straining just to get the chain closer to her damn windpipe. Chains rattle and muscles burn, your best efforts barely budge under her iron grip, then she hurls them back away and down to the floor. You stagger back, jerking Youmu with you by her collar.

Kogasa walks behind you as you regain your bearings, your breasts once more pressed to Youmu’s chest.

You failed.

“How… how could you!”

Wincing, you glance over your shoulder to find Kogasa’s seething glare.

“Did you even stop for a second to think about your poor anklets? They were made to hold you. This was supposed to be their best moment! And what do you do? You go and use them to hurt their maker.”

Kogasa sniffles.

“They deserved better! So much better!” Her shoulders sag. “Fine. I’ve seen human mothers. I know how to treat naughty girls.”

She snags the umbrella back up. With a heavy thump, she smacks it into her hand. Stepping forward, she thumps it again, and again. She exhales long and slow, stopping just behind you.

She swings the umbrella back. You tense.

Whack!

It’s wide, wet, and heavy tongue crashes into your ass, shoving you into Youmu with its weight. You swing on the chains a moment before—

Whack!

You yelp, lurching forward again, ass moist and stinging.

Whack!

You barely swing back in time for the next—

Whack!

A muffled wail rises from your throat as your ass heats up.

Whack! Whack! Whack!

You wince, your own eyes moistening as blow upon blow rains down on your poor ass, small yelps and squeals escaping your stuffed lips with each one.

Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!

A pause comes, bringing a pause to your halting cries. Your wrists sting, your arms, legs, and back ache. Your ass burns.

Slam!

“HLLLGHK!”

You scream in pain as Kogasa delivers one final blow, almost knocking you off your feet with the impact.

A thick, papery object clatters to the floor.

“Just wait right there so I can fix this!”

Liquid drips from your burning ass-cheeks as Kogasa sniffles, her feet pounding away to your left.

You hear a click just before she throws herself through the door.

“Hlgh Hwey.” Youmu stars into you with soft, sympathetic eyes.

You look down, closing your eyes and trying to shut out the fire in your ass and the thought of what she’d just done.

And the thought of what you’d just done.

Your captor, your two-time rapist, just spanked you like a naughty child. You’re still rubbing your bare nipples into your naked would-be savior, the woman you just came on.

You hiccup, leaning your head into Youmu’s shoulder as a heavy shudder rolls through your body. You’ve no idea what Youmu tried to say and you couldn’t respond if you wanted to. You barely care that the nipples pressing into you are not entirely soft, or the slight trails of her juices running down your thigh. Your arms sway near her head and your legs bump into hers. You’re even okay with the drool gliding down your shoulder.

You rest there a moment, trying to shut out your numerous aches, your weakened, sore muscles, and your wounded ass.

Footsteps thump down the hallway, just before the door slams into the wall. You lift your head and open your eyes to find Kogasa carrying another leather mass, this time a navy blue with a single touch of red. She shuts and locks the door behind her, then marches to the bed, throws the leather mass onto it, and stomps to your right.

Reaching between your necks, she snaps the chain at both ends, tossing it to the floor. She then snaps the chains from Youmu’s shoulders, one at a time, disconnecting her from the rafter.

“I worked really hard on those, you know.” Kogasa mutters.

Sighing in garbled relief, you sag, staggering back. The chain your wrists hung from slides across the bar, then thumps to the floor, pooling near your feet. Exhausted, you collapse to the floor yourself, only for your beaten ass to wring a muffled scream from your throat when you land. Shivering, you lie down and roll onto your side.

“Hlh, Whlh!” Youmu twists and squirms as Kogasa hauls her up over her shoulder, only to throw her back down a few steps away. Youmu’s ass crashes into the floor by the far wall.

Kogasa spins around and marches toward you. You lift your hands up on instinct, but it doesn’t matter. She just grabs your sides and lifts you up, throwing you to the bed. You crash into the cushions, your chains clinking and even the blanket stinging your backside.

“All that work, for a stupid, mean girl like you.”

You curl back onto your side, barely getting a chance to glance at the blue leather to your left before Kogasa unlocks your first ankle cuff. You glance down your body to find the other unlocked as well. Reverently, she sets them on the floor. You pull yourself backward, down the bed.

Youmu curls into the corner of the dresser and the wall.

Kogasa picks up a long leather boot with a heel somehow longer than Youmu’s. And another series of straps with d-links down one side. You scoot to your right, away from her, only for her eyes to snap right on you.

You have barely a chance to blink before a hand shoots out and grabs your ankle, dragging you back. Wrist chain jingling, you let out a muffled, garbled screech, clawing at the blankets for purchase, flailing for something, anything to grab on to and pull yourself away as she drags you toward her.

“You don’t deserve my babies. They can do better than you.”

She stops just as your knees reach the edge. Grabbing hold of your violet boot, she tugs, hauling it off in one smooth motion. She then throws your other boot off. You kick at her, only for her to catch your foot and stuff it down one of the leather boots.

You twist and squirm, breathing hard as she forces the leather down your leg, up to your mid-thigh. She pulls the top strap tight, buckling it. One by one, she does the same for each buckle.

You hear a click. Glancing to the door, you find it hanging just slightly open. Straining your head up, around Kogasa, you find Youmu looking toward it as well.

You squirm as Kogasa pulls the second boot up, but your burning muscles dampen your efforts. Soon it, too, is buckled tight. Youmu wiggles her hips, lurching slowly around the dresser. Kogasa notices your eyes, sliding her own toward…

You kick your leather-bound legs down, into her hands, smashing them into the blanket. Her angry eyes snap back to you as she pulls a silver padlock from the pile. Forcing your thighs together, she runs it through the top links and shuts it. She grabs another and works her way down, sealing your legs together as Youmu wiggles to the next wall.

Youmu shuffles down the wall as Kogasa climbs onto the bed, crawling over you. You gulp as she unlocks your remaining shackles and sets them delicately by the pillows. In one last quaking, terrified hurrah, you plant your arms into her gut and shove. She just groans and throws your hands aside, then reaches under your back to snap your mock bra loose. Slinging it down your beaten arms, she tosses it aside and pulls a mass of blue leather straps over you.

Exhausted, beaten, and sore, you strain and squirm as she pulls them around your body and fits them into place, under the collar. But you barely slow her down, failing even to stop her from yanking the panties down your thighs to make way for the thigh straps. Panties bunched up over the top padlock, you find yourself covered in a blue version of the same diamond pattern Youmu wears.

Youmu stops by the door, sending a worried, drooling glance back your way. You give only the tiniest nod as Kogasa sets to work tightening your straps. Soon the leather bites into your skin, pushing your breasts out even more than they did Youmu’s.

It makes you look disgusting. Obscene.

And they hurt. Kogasa finishes around your crotch, tightening a pair of straps around your throbbing ass-cheeks. You hear a quiet swing and find Youmu gone. It’s only when Kogasa flips you onto your back that you realize something odd. She strapped the harness under your arms, not over.

Then she tears your gloves off, slings your arms around your sides, and presses your arms together into your back. She drags a long leather sleeve over them, with a compartment at the end that forces your hands flat against each other. She buckles a strap around your wrists, sealing your hands inside. She pulls three more straps tight, each pressing your arms tighter together.

By the time she clips the end of the sleeve into your shoulder straps, your sore arms throb in compressed pain. Her hands move to the back of your head, where they undo the straps, loosening the metal plate. She flips you onto your back again, peeling the plate off and setting it behind the pillows.

You raise your aching hips, just to keep your throbbing ass off the blanket.

A muffled squeal floats through the walls, followed by the sound of magic bullets. You lie back, praying that Youmu makes it out of that.

Kogasa grips the cotton between your teeth and yanks it out, glaring.

“You don’t even deserve these.”

For the first time in what already feels like ages, you move your lips.

“Um, Ms. Kogasa.” You give her the most disarming smile you’ve got. “I’ll be good. I promise, so don’t…” She pulls out a fat black ball with red straps. Your eyes widen. “You don’t need to do th-glph.” She shoves it between your teeth, sliding another triangle strap around your nose and pulling them tight behind your head.

With one last buckling, you find your cheeks stretched wide and yourself thoroughly muffled once more.

“You can talk later. First you have to make up for hurting my girls.”

At least there’s no pussy on it this time. You wiggle, finding both legs and arms locked tight.

She glowers, then rolls you back to your front. She wraps her hands around your waist, folding your legs together as she pulls your ass backward.

She takes a deep breath. “Look, you did some very bad things, but my babies really want to serve their purpose.” Something rustles, then a hard, metal rod slides down your crack to poke your asshole. “I can still forgive you, but it won’t be easy anymore. You’ll need to take my other half. My umbrella, that is. If you take it as deep as you can, I’ll give you a chance to be reunited with them, okay?”

You twist and squirm. “Wlgph! Wlgph!”

Kogasa groans. “Just stop, okay? You’re taking me in one way or the other.” She squeezes your burning ass. She sighs. “But, I guess if you roll over, I’ll let you take it in your cute little pussy instead.”

Your lips slide up and down the ball. 
You hold still, whimpering into the ball as Kogasa’s shaft pokes your asshole. The first drops of your drool pool on the blanket beneath you. You fidget, adjusting your arms in their constricting sleeve, but not daring to shift your legs.

You let out a quiet whine as her hand slides across your burning ass.

Then she shoves the rod. You jerk, hissing as hard, dry metal grinds into your sphincter. You hold your breath as it pushes, insistent, through tender puckered flesh.

Then it starts to make progress, grinding into you. You clench your eyes shut, biting back a wail. She twists it, scraping your asshole.

“WRRRGH!”

You scream, garbled by the gag. The rod pauses.

“That’s weird. You didn’t scream last time.”

You inhale, then groan as the rod slides away, sparing your already tender sphincter and pulling a muffled gasp of relief from your throat. You lie there, breathing in and out. Your asshole already hurts almost as much as the cheeks around it.

“Hm… You didn’t let someone else in your ass today, did you?”

You shudder, shaking your head.

“Then, why did… Oh, silly me. I forgot to lube it. Now, stay where you are, okay? I’ll be right back.”

You sniffle, naked ass still high in the air. Blinking, your dark hair matted to your face, you adjust your cramped shoulders. At least Youmu escaped, thanks in part to your efforts.

“Now, let’s just extend this tongue over here.”

You wiggle as something slurps the rod and what sounds like folded paper.

What had she meant by ‘last time’? You hadn’t seen her since the first night and the following morning. When did she…

Oh, fuck. She did impale you back then, didn’t she?

“There, all done.”

You hiss as she runs a finger down your ass again, sliding it through the crack. Inhaling, you hold your quaking hips still as she spreads your cheeks and pokes the rod against your asshole again.

“This might still hurt, so bear with it, please.”

She pushes, twisting the rod back through your abused sphincter. You whimper, wiggling slightly until it breaks through. You groan as it pushes inside, forcing your walls aside as it settles in. It’s not scraping anything anymore, but you can’t help a slight wiggle on the rod now stuffing you. Your drool pools around the ball behind your lips, clinging to your cheek.

Kogasa shifts the rod slightly, angling it down.

Then she shoves it down, slamming it in, jerking it deeper in. You gasp, then groan, wiggling your arm sleeve as it sinks down, forcing itself through you.

Kogasa moans.

You’re not entirely sure why.

Hands apparently shaking, she pulls the rod back up, halfway to the entrance. You wince, knowing what comes next.

“WLPH!”

You scream again as it crashes back through. Something folded and papery pushes into you, only to slide back out.

“HRPH!”

You scream once more, jerking forward as it stops. It pulls back, shaking, before slamming back in. You yelp, sliding forward. Her papery shaft stretches your asshole wide open.

“Ghbu!”

You let out a low whine right before she pounds into you again, no deeper than before. You choke back a sob. She pauses, twisting the umbrella before pulling it back.

“Hrrrlgh.”

She twists it back down, forcing it through your flesh. Your walls stretch, forced back around its sheer girth. You breathe, ragged, as she forces it ever deeper. Your ass burns, stuffed so tight you doubt you could even move anymore. Then it pauses. You groan, adjusting your lips around the ball as you wait for her next—

“Hlgh! Lgh! Grph!”

Kogasa pounds into you once, then twice. She pumps you over, and over, and over again. You ass bounces on her thumping, papery shaft, jerked and dragged with each hit. You twist your shoulders. Your head rolls through the spit-soaked blanket beneath you. Each time, she finds a way to sink just a little deeper. To rub and press into ever more sensitive flesh. Your whole crotch starts to burn. You yelp, groan, gasp, and whine.

“Ghlr! Mph!”

Your hips jerk forward with each hit, then slide back, following the rod they’re impaled on. She’s pounding you hard enough to make your breasts bounce even under your weight. You blink, eyes wet.

“Hfh! Lrgh! Fmph!”

Kogasa speeds up, her once smooth, slick rod starting to scrap through you again. Your harness creaks, biting even more into your flesh as her rod beats your canal, rubbing your ass raw.

“Oh, oh, oh!”

Kogasa gasps, moaning behind you. You bounce forward and back, letting out a garbled, broken keen.

“Oh! Oh ye… oh, hrrngh!” Kogasa lets out one last, loud moan as her shaking rod slows, then stops deep inside your throbbing ass.

For a quiet moment, the rod just sits there, buried deeper than you ever want to know. Kogasa collapses to the bed beside you, sweat dripping from her glistening skin, rolling down her swollen breasts. She sighs. “Was that good for you, too?”

You blink, trying to clear the tears from your eyes. You don’t answer.

“Oh, I should probably take myself out now. Silly me.”

Kogasa hops back off the bed. Wincing, you dare to look behind you. You see only a white, sandaled foot hanging off the edge of the black shaft in your ass.

You gasp as it stirs, sliding slowly up. It tugs and jerks, scratching and thumping inside you until it reaches your entrance. Then with one last, painful scrape, it slides all the way up and pops free. Kogasa licks the tip, then sets it aside.

You gasp as she strokes your ass. “You were really mean, you know. But… I guess you did a good job here. You felt even better than you taste.” Kogasa sighs.

Then drops her head into your crack.

You wail in pain, not caring how much the fat, choking ball garbles your cries.

You hiss as she rolls her head around your battered ass-cheeks, then slides her tongue back to your tender, beaten asshole. She licks it once, then twice. “I know I pounded you kinda hard, but please feel better.”

She sighs, sliding her tongue through your crack and rubbing your sore, abused ass.

Then finally, mercifully, she peels herself away. Planting her hands on your waist, she rolls you to your front. She then pulls your locked legs off your stomach, sliding them to the sheets, dropping your shins off the side.

The blanket stings your ass, so you lift your hips.

She giggles. “I’ll take your pussy later, I promise.”

You blush, confused. You glance across your protruding breasts to your raised pussy. You look away. The blankets shift as she crawls onto the bed, climbing over you. She stops, sliding her hands around and under your head and guides your eyes back to hers. Her hanging breasts sag near your eyes, with swollen nipples and raised areola. A clear, shimmering fluid trails from the flowering pussy beneath her trimmed bush, down both her thighs.

She smiles. “You did good, you know. Now, if you’ll stay good and say your apologies, I’ll take the gag out. Okay?”

You whimper, nodding your head.

“Remember, I’m trusting you here.”

She releases the buckle and, sliding the top strap down your head, pulls the ball from your mouth. You flex your jaw as she sets it down by your collar bones.

Then buckles it around your neck. You glance to it, then her.

She frowns. “I need to be able to put it back in if you misbehave, you know.”

“Now, let’s start with…” She reaches forward, swinging her heavy, clothed breasts over your face. “Ah, here we go.” She pulls a pair of shackles from the pillow, hanging them over your head. “You used these poor girls to lift yourself up. Tell them you’re sorry.”

You blink. She’s telling you to apologize to a pair of shackles. Is she insane?

She stares back, a warm smile fast fading.

You clear your throat. “Sorry! Um, I’m sorry I uh, misused you.”

She smiles again, then sets the shackles aside. She pulls out another pair. “Now, these are the girls you really hurt. The ones you tried to choke me with.”

You swallow. Kogasa’s not smiling. “I’m… sorry. I’m sorry I tried to… use you to… attack her?”

She scowls. “Say it like you mean it.”

“I’m… so sorry.” You breathe in, then out. “I should… never have done that.” Kogasa’s expression eases, but her eyes remain fixed on you. You blink, thinking. “And, and I’ll never do it again.”

Kogasa smiles again. “See? That wasn’t so hard. Now…” She sets the shackles aside and leans down, lifting your head. She plants her lips to yours, sliding her tongue inside only briefly.

There’s a sour hint to her tongue.

She pulls back, smiling with her tongue out. She rolls to the side and hops off the bed. Snatching the shackles, she throws them into the air. The umbrella flies forward, catching them inside its folded canopy.

Somehow.

“I guess you didn’t really hurt the gag, so we can leave that alone for now.” She grabs the gag and throws it to the umbrella as well. She then skips through the room, swinging her eyes from side to side.

You clear your throat. “Uh, Kogasa.” She glances back. “I made you feel good, right? Could you let me go?”

She cocks her head. “No, I don’t think so. Your bracelets and anklets need you. I’ll think about it once we’re back at my forge.”

You twist, straining to shift your arms and legs. “They’d love me more than this leather, right?”

She sighs, picking her skirt off the floor. “You betrayed them, Naoko. You did good now, but you need to do better to be reunited. Let them have their space.” She pulls the skirt up her legs, clipping it around her waist.

You arch your back, straining to peel your legs apart. They tug hard on the padlocks between them, but the effort exhausts you in seconds. Nothing. You collapse back down, wincing at the weight on your sore ass. “Could you… at least let me wear my dress again?”

Kogasa throws her shirt over her head. “No. You need to think more about what you’ve done.” She buttons it up and grabs her apron.

She pulls a chain off the ground and tosses it to her umbrella, which opens up just long enough to catch it. In that moment, you find the shackles and gag hanging from its spokes. She ties the apron back on.

She trots over to you and climbs up on the bed, beside you. She then wraps her left arm around your stomach and throws you up, over her shoulder. You land, your naked breasts bumping into her back as you stare down the back of her dress. Holding an arm tight around your leather-wrapped legs, she steps off the bed and marches to the door.

“I need you to be quiet, Naoko. Don’t say anything until I tell you.”

“Why?”

Kogasa stops, pushing the door open.

Then a hand crashes across your ass. You yelp.

“One more word and the gag goes back in.”

Whimpering, you whisper, “yes, ma’am.”

“Silly. I like your attitude, but that was two more words. Just don’t say anything else and I won’t have to get mean again.”

Kogasa turns down through the hallway, stepping around the scattered gags, cuffs, and toys. Wanting to see just about anything other than the peppy bounce of her butt, you lean up, scanning doors as she walks by an intersection.

Down that intersecting hall, you find Youmu on the ground. A head of short blonde hair leans over her, peeling a strap back with her teeth. You catch only a red dress before Kogasa carries you past and Youmu’s freed hands fumble on the floor.

Short blonde hair, red dress. Something about her nags at your mind. Have you seen her before?

You close your eyes, breathing in.

You’re not getting another chance to escape Kogasa. You need their attention, whatever Kogasa says.

Then you feel it. Kogasa’s lust reeks from her body, but it’s nothing compared to the mass nearby. The giant cloud you felt around the library. It’s close. It’s damn close, it’s moving toward you, and it’s coming from…

It approaches the hallway Kogasa carries you down.

You have exactly one chance to speak before she gags you again. You need to use it carefully. 
“Hel-OW!”

Your burning ass bounces under the force of Kogasa’s slap.

“You-” whack “-MU! Pl-” whack “lease!” whack! “HELP!”

“I said no talking!”

You take in a shaky breath, fighting back tears from your burning ass-cheeks. “Youmu, h-”

Kogasa hurls you to the ground.

“AAARGH!” You scream as your mauled, abused ass hits the barely-carpeted floor and your leather-enveloped arms hit the wooden wall. You sit, groggy, in a hallway corner with the hall you came from to your left.

Kogasa drops down, glaring, breasts sagging under her apron as she drops to her knees in front of you. Extending her hands around your neck, she unbuckles the gag.

Eyes wet, you shake your head. “YOUMU! HE-ghp!”

In seconds, she has the gag straps back around your head and buckled behind your neck. You adjust your teeth around the fat ball as she slides her hands to your sides.

“Hands off!” A bright, flat wave of light strikes the wall beside you. Youmu floats some distance behind Kogasa, still wearing the black, diamond patterned harness, high-heeled boots, and nothing else. Two sliced straps hang off the sides, near her exposed breasts. Her legs shift, the padlocks that held them together now gone. She holds her longer sword out, toward Kogasa, and carries her shorter blade readied near her hip.

Kogasa leaps to her feet and turns to face her. Youmu visibly flinches, swords shaking.

Kogasa plants her hands on her hips. “I beat her! Get your own ass!”

“You didn’t beat me.”

“Yes, I did!”

You shrink into the corner, twisting your locked arms and legs. The blonde woman floats in, behind Youmu. Her hair’s short, her dress a plain red fading to gold near the… leaf-patterned trim.

Shizuha?

Why’s she here?

“That was an ambush, not a fight!”

“But I still beat you, didn’t I?”

Shizuha hangs behind Youmu, silent.

Youmu glares, her swords stilling. “You didn’t fight me at all!” Youmu shakes her head. “Let’s see if you beat me without your stupid shackles.”

Shizuha holds her arms behind her back, pushing her small breasts out just sligh… No, there’s glowing red rings around her stomach, her shoulders, and her neck. They’re pressing her arms into herself.

Kogasa lets out a long, rolling groan. “Fine, I’ll fight you.”

Kogasa’s purple bullets appear around her, soon interrupted by another slicing beam that whooshes past you. You lean forward, shutting your wet eyes at the pressure that puts on your beaten ass. You shift your legs, straining at the padlocks. You twist to the side as golden bullets fly past, tugging at your arm sleeve.

“Hey! Two on one’s cheating!”

“So is jumping on me!”

“Gheh.” You swallow, biting into the ball behind your lips as you push, pull, and tug. Sweat coats your skin as you struggle to get your tired body out of the damn leather. Sagging into the wall, you groan, watching the fight unfold.

Your eyes widen as you find Kogasa’s umbrella sneaking up behind Youmu.

“Ghlerh! Hreh!”

Youmu floats from side to side, focused entirely on slashing at Kogasa and dodging her bullets. Shizuha’s bullets mix in, though you find her eyes dancing between Kogasa and you.

The umbrella thumps into Youmu’s back, forcing her into a purple bullet.

“Urgh!” Youmu winces, tumbling to the ground, then stumbling on her heels. She picks herself back up and floats off the ground just in time to slide around Kogasa’s next volley.

Youmu’s next slash strikes Kogasa, knocking her into the wall beside you. Kogasa recovers and throws herself back into the fight, firing at Youmu only to get struck by the loose bullets released by her next slash.

“Not so domineering anymore, huh?” Youmu shouts, a little shrill. “Can’t hurt me anymore, can you?”

“That was…”

Another couple slashes surge past, dissipating into the wall. “Where’s your weird, rubber toys now?”

Kogasa staggers between the slashes and bullets, panicking. “You came, didn’t you?”

Youmu freezes at that, barely snapping back into the fight in time to stagger away from Kogasa’s next volley.

Sharp heels click across the floor to your right. You turn to find Sakuya walking toward you. Long rips and tears run up and down her apron, shirt, and skirt. Frizzled silver hair twists and bends around her harrowed face.

She fixes her intense, glowing red eyes on you, though she struggles to hold her eyelids open. Her mouth curls into a crooked, panting grin.

“Finally,” she breathes, “found you.”

You twist back, pushing past the screaming pain as you shuffle your ass as far into the corner as you can.

“Hleh! Hleh!”

You’re not entirely sure why you’re screaming. You throw your gaze, frantic, to the fighters on your left. Red light flares around you, dying out just as you find yourself rising into the air, a red ring around your stomach.

The bullets and bursts to your left die out.

“Hey! I saw her first!”

Sakuya turns to Kogasa. Barely a second or two later, the ring around you winks back out, dropping you on your beaten ass. Again. You groan in garbled pain.

Sakuya stumbles forward, then crashes to the ground in front of you. The hallway corner holds still a moment. You blink, stunned.

Then an inky black mass rises out of her, eddies of bright red light running through it.

It resolves into the form of a tall, imperious woman in a blue dress with six white wings on her back and a long mane of white hair flowing from her head. A vaguely shield-shaped icon adorns the front, with flowing white sleeves extending out.

She sighs. “An, angel of death. One of my, favorite, entries.” She looks down on you, licking her twitching lips. “Now, Honda. Follow… follow me.”

Shivering, you shake your head.

The purple umbrella rockets forward and slams into her, pressing her to the wall.

“Back off!” Kogasa pants. “I. Saw. Her. FIRST!”

The woman tuts, yanking the umbrella off and shoving it away. “I don’t need your entry, umbrella.” She then fires a series of bright white beams down the hall, accompanied by a swarm of roaming white balls. Kogasa squeals and leaps away from them while Youmu weaves between them, but many more follow behind.

Youmu’s first slash at the new woman hits the wall just as you find some of the balls wandering close to you.

“Ghwo! Ghwo!” You twist, struggling to shuffle away from them. In desperation, you remember your limited flight capabilities. Straining, you tug at the energy inside, trying to remember your experience. Beams and small balls litter the hall as the feeling comes back and you give the power a tug.

Nothing.

Twisting, you try again. Every attempt makes it fizzle and fade away. You groan, giving up.

“I’ll slice you apart, villain!”

Your eyes fly wide as a beam slams into the wall beside you.

You gurgle and twist again, arching your legs and pushing against the wall. With a few jerking shifts, you get your stilted feet beneath you and lift yourself slightly up. Then a loose ball hits your gut, dropping you back to the floor as you double over. Groaning, you thank the stars you landed on your side this time.

But more balls approach, alongside a… gold and red cloud? Leaves. A cloud of leaves gathers around you, clinging to your skin and the leather atop it before forming into a familiar red and gold dress. You send a puzzled glance back in Shizuha’s general direction, only to find the white swarms obscuring her.

Then you lift in the air, carried by the dress. You lurch through the bullets, grazing several and slamming into one before passing through them entirely and finding the hallway Kogasa had carried you through. Shizuha flies away from you in only a deep red bra and pair of panties, decorated in gold.

Her arms join at the elbow, running down her back in a pattern very similar to what the sleeve does to your own. Glowing red rings around her wrists and elbows pin her arms tight against her back, pressing one hand into her crack.

She glances back, dropping to the ground to body-slam a door, throwing it open. She glances in, then turns on her heel. The dress carrying you slows to a stop as she glances ahead and behind you, then she sprints forward. The dress carries you close behind her as she bounces from intersection to intersection, slamming seemingly random doors open and peeking through them.

The red rings flicker.

She stops again, wiggling. The red rings around her flicker again, then shatter, dissipating into the cool air. She pauses, rubbing her neck and flexing her suddenly free arms. “Finally.”

“Ghlr?”

“Shh!” Shizuha pauses, listening. She then spins on her heel and races forward. A moment later, she throws a door open and rushes in. You find yourself floating through shortly after, into a small, quiet bedroom much like the one that Kogasa…

Shizuha shuts the door behind you, locking it. Another oak dresser sits at one wall, another red bed across from it. Candles, hanging from the wall, bathe the room in a soft pink glow. You’re not entirely sure how it gets that color. The dress drops you on the bed before disintegrating again. You find the leaves gathering and reforming the dress around Shizuha, standing in front of you.

She scowls, then swings forward, onto the bed over you, and plants her hands by your sides.

You shrink back. She snatches you by the gag straps and slips her hands behind your head. She snaps it loose, popping the ball free, and peels it away. Throwing it aside, she stares into your eyes.

“Where the hell were you?”

You sink into the blanket, lip trembling. “I, I don’t…” You inhale. “Where was I when?”

“All of yesterday! Where did the bird take you? How did Aya find you? Where did she take you? And how did you end up here?”

“I don’t know!” You hiccup, wiggling your cramped shoulders. “How did you get here?”

“I got pos- no, we don’t have time for this. Roll over.”

Kogasa’s previous demands float through your mind.

“…Why?”

“God damn it, Naoko.” Shizuha glares down at you, plants her hands under your left side, and shoves upward, rolling you onto your front. Leather straps creaking as they bite into your skin, you rest, naked breasts pressed into the blanket.

A moment of silence descends, following by a slender finger poking your sore ass. You groan, wincing.

“…What the hell happened to your ass?”

“I, I…” You sniffle. Kogasa’s shouts rattle through your mind.

“Forget it.” Shizuha’s hands slide across your back, to your shoulders. With a flew flicks, she detaches the straps from your collar, then works down. One strap at a time, she loosens the sleeve’s constricting pressure, then pulls it off. “Whatever happened, happened. If you don’t tell me, that’s less I have to lie to Ayame about.”

You flex your arms, nestling your head in the blanket as you breathe in a sigh of relief. You roll onto your left side, staring up into Shizuha’s eyes. You sniffle, smiling. “Th-thanks for saving me, Shizuha.”

She turns her head. “Until you’re out of this forsaken mansion and back in the damn village, I haven’t saved shit. Now…” She steps back and squats down, staring at the back of your blue, padlocked boots. “I can’t pick locks or break steel.” She runs a finger up the boots, then to underside of your bare thighs.

She plants both hands between your thighs and tugs, pushing them to the limit that your padlocks allow. She lets go and pokes at the top straps. “You’ve got the umbrella spirit and the book monster on your ass. Any other local enemies I should know about?”

You breathe out. “I… I don’t think so.”

“What about the bird, is she still a problem?”

“No.”

“And her henchwoman?”

You shudder. “I… I…” Your ass still stings, you’re still wearing the harness Kogasa forced you into. A metal collar, engraved with your own name, still rests around your neck. Even her damn boots still trap your legs together. Wriggle or her bugs could be just outside the walls, waiting. You shiver, hiccupping. “I don’t…”

You sniffle, chest trembling. Just how many people have been inside you now? How many have you been forced to, to…

You swallow, eyes wet, breath quaking. No. You wrap your arms around your belly. No, you can’t break down now. Shizuha was right. Until you’re out… You hiccup.

Shizuha groans. “Oh, come on. I, you… it’ll be… it might be okay. We just have to get the hell out of here before anyone else can hurt us, right?”

Shivering, you force a smile. “…Right.”

“Good, now let’s just get you out of this shit first.” Shizuha moves from your boots to your harness, sliding her hands under your metal collar to loosen the leather one underneath.

Shivering as Shizuha works on your back straps, you’re too tired to tug your mock panties back up.

You let out a slow, shaky sigh as your first tear hits the blanket. As Shizuha works on your straps, you try to focus. To shut out Kogasa’s voice, touch, and the feel of her umbrella stuffing your ass. You could try to leave right now, but what happens with the book if you do? Can you still count on this mansion to keep it under control? And what about Youmu? You’d been forced to leave her alone with Kogasa and the monster. What will Yuyuko think if you just leave?

If you stay, where will you go? Who could you turn to for help? 
You shudder, exhaling as Shizuha snaps a few straps open. Snapping the leather collar loose, she peels the whole harness out from under metal collar above it and off your body.

She runs a hand along the metal collar, behind your head. She fiddles with a moment, then hisses. “We’ll have to get this off later.”

You rub your bare belly as she sets it aside. “Shizuha, we need to stay.”

Her eyes snap to you, narrowing. Kind of like Kogasa, just before she… you shrink back. “Youmu needs our help, at least.”

“Who?”

“The swordswoman. White hair, fought alongside you?”

She growls. “Just leave her be. We can’t save her anyway.”

You gulp. “But we could wake the mistress—”

She turns on you, glaring. “Mistress?”

You stutter, shifting your locked legs. “Of the mansion! The mansion. Not of me.”

That, at least, won’t change. Right?

“She’ll wake up on her own eventually.”

You run your hands over your boots, poking at the thigh straps. “I… made a deal with someone powerful.” You breathe in and out, slowly. “Very powerful. That’s why Youmu’s even here. If she finds out I just left her…”

Shizuha breathes in, sharp and impatient. “Okay, fine. We’ll talk to this damn mistress. But we’re just going to wake her up, then we leave.”

You shrink back. You really should object. Shizuha would listen. She’s not Kagerou, or Kogasa, or Wriggle, or… you sniffle. “O… okay.”

“Good, now…” Shizuha pokes and prods at the straps again. A moment later something clips behind your right leg and the boot loosens. “Finally.” She unbuckles it, then your left. Then she works her way down, loosening each strap around your boots. She finishes by gripping your heels. She tugs.

Doing what you can, you grip their edges and push. Still locked together, the boots slide off your legs. Shizuha tosses them aside, wiping her brow. She spins and rushes to the dresser. Throwing it open, she roots through it, then pulls out…

Another dark blue maid dress, complete with apron.

A symbol of servitude. Like the cold metal of Kogasa’s collar that still sits around your neck, still wearing your name. You shake your head.

You pull yourself off the bed, heave a slow, sad sigh, and pull the lacy fabric of your false panties up over your crotch. You wince as the triangles rub against your sore ass. The one you got for attacking your last master—no, captor. Shizuha turns toward you, then freezes. She stares down at your exposed pussy, then brings her flat gaze to your eyes.

Blushing, you look aside. “I… had no choice.”

“That’s just the story of your life, isn’t it?” Shizuha tosses the dress to the bed, then returns to the dresser. “Put that on while I find something appropriate.”’

“Are you sure I should take this without ask…”

“Or what? Walk around the halls naked? With your aura?”

“…Sorry I asked.” You gulp and sit up, pushing down with your thighs to keep the pressure off your tender ass. You pull the dress over your torso, sliding the cotton over your bare breasts. Okina won’t mind you losing her mock bra, would she? Or replacing the mock panties?

“Damn it!” Shizuha shuts the dresser, spinning back to face you. “No underwear. Hey, can you walk?”

You stand up, wobbling just slightly as your legs get used to holding your weight again. You pat down your painfully short, frilly skirt, but give Shizuha a tentative smile. “Yes.”

“Good. Let’s go.”

Shizuha unlocks the door, peeks out, then motions forward as she steps through. You follow her out into the halls as she turns to her left. You take a deep breath, jogging forward to grab her left hand. She glances back, her flat eyes laser-focused on the hand you’re holding, her face pink.

You blush. “I can sense when… dangerous people are near, but I can’t pay attention to where you’re going while I do.”

She grunts, then looks forward again, grasping your hand back. You sigh in relief, then close your eyes, trying to concentrate as her hand sways and your feet cycle. The biggest mass is… somewhere. You try to focus harder, but the rhythm of your feet, the effort put into moving forward, distracts you. All you feel is a vaguely muddy sensation all around you.

Groaning, you open your eyes again. Shizuha glances back. You shake your head. “Sorry, I can’t feel it right now.”

She grunts. “It can’t be too close, then.” Then she stops in the middle of a four-way intersection, eyes bouncing from hall to hall.

The way her eyes flit between them worries you. “Um, where are we…”

She groans. “Naoko, how do you get to this master?”

You stop, rubbing your hip. They all look the same. “We just need to find some stairs up, maybe?” Sakuya never let you get there on your own…

She turns to the right.

You close your eyes, trying to concentrate again. Trying to shut out your exertion, the way Shizuha clenches your hand, and the way your ‘panties’ and the frills above them slide across your ass. Shizuha stops. You peel your eyes open to find Sakuya, groaning and leaning against the wall.

She sighs. “There you are.” She takes a breath, her blue eyes fluttering. “The intruder’s fled to cover.” She inhales. “The mistresses can handle it, but we need to strike before it causes further havoc. We…”

Shizuha hisses. “We’re on the way. Just tell us where this damn mistress is.”

She exhales. “That would be difficult. I can, however, guide you.”

“Fine. Naoko, carry her.”

You let go, blinking.

“I’m apparently the only person here who can fight worth a damn, so I need to keep lookout.”

You hesitate, a queasy feeling rising from your gut at her tone. But she’s right, so you nod, rushing over to Sakuya’s side and sliding her right arm across your left shoulder. Wrapping your own right arm around her side, you march forward.

She parts her lips, oddly slow. “Turn left, then up the stairs to your right.”

Following her directions, you make your way through the halls to a short, wide passage lined with portraits and elaborate busts, ending with a similarly wide door made of rich mahogany. You raise your hand to toward the door.

Shizuha steps in front and shoves it open.

She stomps in and you, still half-carrying Sakuya, follow.

Sakuya shifts, then pulls her arm away, separating from you as she makes slow, shaking steps toward the giant, plush bed before you.

Like the other beds, dark, rich woods frame this one, but with far more care to the shapes and patterns carved into it.

And decorated in gold.

A deep, scarlet carpet covers the floor, with elaborate candles hanging from the walls and long, wide portraits flanking the bed. Women you don’t recognize stare down from them, proud, imperious, and wearing impossibly elaborate dresses. Sakuya wobbles toward the bed, teetering. Then she collapses into the carpet, one hand barely reaching the blanket.

You exchange glances with Shizuha. She sighs and jogs toward the bed. You follow after.

Reaching the bed, you press a hand to the lump. “Um, Ms. Remilia, I think it was? Please…”

Shizuha presses her hand to the lump. “Hey, Remilia. Wake up.”

The lump stirs. Shizuha plants a hand in the blanket,tapping her foot.

“Ngh, eight more minutes…”

You rub the lump. “Ms. Remilia, please, the mansion needs you.”

“’course it needs me… I’m the… mistress. Why wouldn’t it…” She dozes off.

You groan, turning to face Shizuha. She stares back, flat.

Shizuha clears her throat. “I’ll handle this. I should…”

“I’ll do it.”

Shizuha frowns. You offer a defensive smile and a shrug. Her impatience worries you.

If there’s one person you need in a good mood right now, it’s this woman.

You lean forward and shake the lump, hard. “Lady Remilia, please. Please wake up.”

It stirs again, revealing a pair of squinted eyes behind a fluffy mess of lavender hair. “Wha… you’re… you’re not Sakuya. Why are you here?” It stirs and shuffles, then throws the blanket off.

Remilia lies before you, wearing a soft pink nightgown. She throws her arms out as a long, loud yawn tears itself from her wide-open, fanged mouth. A pair of slender black bat wings fold out behind her.

The teeth pull together again as her lips close and the wings fold behind her back. She stares blearily up at you. “Hey, I’ve… seen you before. Where did… oh, the new familiar.”

Her eyes slide across your body, hovering a moment on your collar. She shrugs and hauls herself up, hunching forward. Scratching her back, she looks around, then peers over the bed’s edge, locking her eyes on Sakuya, who now sprawls out on the floor beneath her. “What’d you do to my maid?”

You freeze. “Nothing! We didn’t do anything. The book showed up, and, and…”

Remilia giggles, her tone dropping as she does so. “Oh, did it, now?” She sighs. “Urgh, fine. Dress me.”

You stare. “Excuse me?”

She stares back, eyes flat. “Do you have cotton in your ears? Get my pajamas off and get me in my day dress.”

Your gut twists at that tone.

Shizuha jogs forward, around to the bed’s opposite side. “I’ll dress you. Naoko, get the—”

“No. She woke me, she’ll dress me. You can fetch my clothes.”

“Look, Remilia, y—”

A spear of bright, red light flashes to existence inside her open, outstretched hand. “Fetch the clothes, girl.”

Shizuha lets out a strangled groan, then turns on her heel toward the ornate sliding door at the far-left wall. Remilia turns her irritated gaze your way. “Well? Get working.”

An objection rises to your throat only for the memory of Kogasa’s wrath to choke it back down. “…Yes, Ms. Remilia.”

Slowly, you climb onto the bed. She huffs, presenting her back. You find a couple buttons just under the neck, but above a long slit through which a pair of slender black wings extend. You pop the buttons open, opening the dress nearly all the way down her back. She lifts her arms, crossing them above her head.

Taking the cue, you slide your hands down her sides to grip the edge of her dress, then pull upward, over the wings. You turn your head as your work exposes her pale, nearly porcelain skin. Pulling it up and off her arms, you set it beside her. Peeking back, you find a dearth of underwear anywhere on her off-white body. Though her figure does take you aback, if only slightly.

Her body, while clearly small and delicate, displays a definite curve to both her hips and her chest that you’d never have expected. As petite as her form ultimately is, it’s not the child’s body you anticipated.

“Hey, blondie, where’s the dress?”

You pause, looking to the open door. Shizuha stands there, head turning from side to side.

“Which one do you want?”

“Hm…” Remilia pauses. “I guess you wouldn’t be smart enough to pick for me.” She thinks another moment, apparently unconcerned about her nude form. “I’ll take the one with the red and gold trim today.”

“Which one is… oh, whatever.”

“If you’re lying about anything, you know what will happen, don’t you?”

You shudder, feeling a familiar cadence in her demeanor. “Punishment?”

She licks her lips. “You know what? I like that idea. In fact…”

Shizuha emerges, carrying a pink mass of fabric with only hints of red or gold. She drops it on the bed. You look between them both. “What about the, uh…” Your eyes slide across her bare back. “Undergarments?”

She turns to you, exposing a soft, red nipple atop a perky but small breast. “Why? Do I make you nervous?”

You twist your head away. “Uh, Shizuha, could you please…”

“You need proper panties more than she does, Naoko.”

“Oh?”

You squeak. “Shizuha, please just get her a pair.”

“Fine, your highness.”

“Is my visitor going commando now? You wouldn’t happen to be one of those types, would you?”

“No! Not technically.” You pause, swallowing. “What… what types?”

“You know, the sorts who like to be seen.” A finger runs up your back. “You look a little cute in a maid dress, but maybe you’d prefer to be outside it?”

“N-no! We couldn’t find any.”

“Did you not bring any yourself?”

“I, I did…”

“She lost it, princess.”

You turn to find Shizuha dumping a pair of white panties with a red ribbon by Remilia’s bare legs. Remilia tuts. “I’m not sure I like your tone, young lady. Now,” she turns to you, “help me get this on, will you?”

She sits on the edge opposite you. You sigh, step off the bed, and walk around it. Standing before her, you pull the panties off the sheets. Pulling the holes open, you place it by her ankles. She slips her feet inside and you pull it up her slender legs, to her smooth, bare…

You turn away and let it snap around her crotch.

Turning back, you find her eyes boring down into you, expectant. She motions with her eyes to the dress lying before her. You pause. “No bra, Ms. Remilia?”

She shakes her head, mouth shut but eyes sharp and now floating toward your skirt. You sigh, grab the dress, and pull it to the air, unfolding it. It’s just like her previous one, but with a two-tone trim. Shiny golden on the outside with a wider strip of rich, dark red on the inside.

Reversing the process, you pull it over her head, down her smooth body, the wings now flattened to her back, and the stiff… the rest of her body. She hops away, swishing it and giggling. She stops, facing away from you.

“Buttons.”

You groan, but step forward, off the bed, and snap a trio of dark, shiny buttons between the wings and her neck.

She turns back and salutes you. “Good work girls. Neither of you are cut out to be proper handmaids just yet, but given time…” She sighs, stretching her arms. “Now, it sounds like the two of you have made a bit of a mess. Would you both be dears and make sure you clean up any of what you left behind?”

Remilia hops away, shutting the door behind her.

You turn to Shizuha. She looks back, face hard.

“We woke her up. Now let’s get the hell out of here.”

Is that… is that a good idea? Youmu’s just as safe now as you could hope, but would Yuyuko see it that way? Would Remilia accept your disappearance?

Would it be wise to stick around even if they wouldn’t? How much of this could Yuyuko learn, anyway? 

“Just a moment.”

Shizuha pauses, staring at you.

You look down to Sakuya’s prone form. “Help me out with her, okay?”

Shizuha groans. “Fine.”

Gently cradling Sakuya’s neck, you pull her head to your bust as Shizuha grabs her legs. You slide your hands under her back for support as the two of you haul her off the floor. Slowly, gently, the two of you shift and rotate her, then deposit her on the bed, setting her head on the pillow. After nudging her far enough in to ensure she won’t fall off, you pull the blanket over and up to her chest, then turn back toward the door.

“Okay. With that done, we just need one more thing.”

Shizuha grabs your wrist. “No. We’re done. This mansion’s already gotten more than it deserves from both of us.”

Shizuha turns and walks toward the door, dragging you with her. It’d be a lie to say the thought’s unappealing, but other concerns fight against your defensive instincts. Images of the white-winged demon from before float through your mind. Then to Kosuzu and the black, cock-shaped tongue she…

You stop as Shizuha reaches the door. She turns back, eyes sour and flat. “Come on, Naoko. We’re leaving.”

“…No.”

“Excuse me?”

You jolt. She’s starting to sound like… them. Her glare reminds you of them, too. But you can’t.

For a moment, you stand there, under her glare.

Then she pauses, stuttering. “I… I mean…” She looks down. “I’m sorry.”

You give a pained, wincing smile and part your lips. “It’s… fine. But I need to do this.”

“Do you?”

“What if Remilia loses?”

“Does it matter?”

You blink. “Of course, it does! It tracked me all the way here. If it wins, it will find me again. If that happens, if…” You wrap your arms around yourself, shivering. “It will claim me.”

Shizuha lets out a strangled groan. “I… Urgh.” She takes a long, deep breath. “You… could be right. Fine. Fine. If you think this other stupid errand will help, I’m… here for you, I guess.” She throws the door open and gestures to the hall. “Lead the way, Naoko.”

Calming down, you nod. You walk forward, past her and into the hall. You walk past the busts and portraits, to the first intersection. You glance left and right, fidgeting with the collar around your neck.

You have no idea where the basement is.

At random, you pick the right and walk down, watching for stairs. You do this several more times, turning left, then left, then right again and into a curving hall. You find one flight of stairs downward and take it to the lower floor.

You reach another intersection, with a hall extending to your left. You peer down it, only for a fairy to barrel into you, forcing you back.

“Found her!”

Four fairies pour into the hall from nearby doors, one carrying a pair of cuffs while another carries a stout pink shaft. A burst of red and yellow bullets flies out from beside you, popping them all just before they get the cuffs open. You turn back to see Shizuha’s scowl.

“Hurry, Naoko. There’s going to be more where that came from.”

You keep going, taking turn after turn after turn. You find and take one more flight downstairs, but nothing seems to change. Then you catch a brief flutter of a green dress with bright pink trim, disappearing into an open door on your right.

You stretch a hand out. “Wait!”

No response. Feeling otherwise lost and clueless, you rush after it and into the room. There’s no beds in this one, just a smooth wooden floor with a few stools and easels. And another open door to in the far-left corner.

You creep along the wall and peer into the door, finding a tight closet with a broom, a fat but narrow roll of shiny silver fabric, and a row of towels hanging from the walls. You step inside and run your hands through the towels, finding only stone wall behind them.

Stone? Not the wood and plaster behind you? And for that matter, something about the contents seems inappropriate for the room behind you.

“Naoko, what the hell are you doing?”

You turn around to find Shizuha behind you, standing inside the doorway.

“I thought I saw someone running—”

A hand slides along the door’s edge, from someone standing behind it. Another hand slides out, under the one gripping the door, and hovers behind Shizuha.

“Shiz—!”

The hand shoves Shizuha forward, knocking her head into your bust as the other hand presses the door closed. Shizuha’s arms cling to your back for a moment, before her warm, shuddering breath rustles through your dress and she pulls herself back.

She rests her back against the door and you press yours to the wall. You still feel her body shift against your hips and breasts. Only a sliver of light creeps in from under the door, making shapes difficult to read. Shizuha groans.

“What the hell just happened?”

You shake your head. “I… I don’t know.”

She grunts. “Whatever. Let’s just get out of here.” She wraps a hand around the knob and turns, opening the door back into the…

Hallway? A dimly lit hall extends straight in both directions, with no visible doorways this time. More red carpets run along the floor, with matching paper on the walls. But under that paper lies smooth-cut stone.

Shizuha steps out and you follow. She glances back your way.

“Is this it?”

Your mouth flounders. “I… don’t know.”

She groans. “What, exactly, are you looking to do, anyway?”

“Get the other mistress, of course.”

“The other mistress.”

“Remilia’s younger sister. Back in the library, Sakuya—”

Shizuha’s face shifts from flat to alarmed. “Sakuya told you to do this.”

“…Yes?”

“The same woman who was possessed by the book?”

You stop. Sakuya was the puppet? She is where the white and blue angel came from, but… Her?

You stutter. “She only wanted me to visit Flandre…” If she was possessed when she suggested it, she would have wanted you down here, wouldn’t she? “You’re… You might be right. Maybe we should turn b—”

“Oh, come on! You just got here!”

You freeze, as does Shizuha. You turn around to find a young woman, rather similar in build to Remilia, save slightly longer legs and a bit more curve to her bust. Messy blonde hair ripples around her face, hanging past her chin, with one side tied into a tail, all topped by a white cap.

And a pair of twisting, long black spikes extend out from the back of her frilly red dress, with rainbow-colored crystals hanging from each one. You’ve seen those things before, in the memento.

You shudder, swallowing as you struggle not to hide behind Shizuha. Flandre Scarlet stands before you.

She blinks, frowning. “I’m right here! If you want to say…”

She blinks again, staring at your neck. You open your mouth just as she hops forward and runs her hands along Kogasa’s collar. You flinch as her long, sharp nails graze your neck. “Na, o, ko. Huh.”

She pauses, looking up into your eyes.

“Is that your original name, or sis’s idea?”

“It’s m—”

“Oh, who am I kidding?” She lets go. “It sounds kinda dumb, but nowhere near dumb enough to be hers. She’d call you Emerald or Betsy, I bet.”

“It’s not d—”

“Hmm…” She fingers her chin, looking you up and down. “I know I haven’t been cleaning my room, but I didn’t think she’d go this far.” She walks around you. “Hey, are you good at games?”

“What s—”

A hand slides up your side, then skips to your shoulder, running down your arm. “What about cooking? Any good dishes you know?”

“Not r—”

“Ooh, ooh. Pasta!” She walks in front of you, squeezing your biceps. “Wait, that’s stupid. Sakuya makes it all the time.” She hops down, scrutinizing your skirt and poking at your thighs. “Soup. You’ve gotta make a good soup if you stay down here.”

“I don’t w—”

She flips your skirt up. A quiet wheeze slips from your slack jaw and scarlet face. Her eyes flatten.

“Oh, that’s what she had in mind.” She pulls herself to her feet, eyes flattening. “Sorry, maids are sis’s thing, not mine, but…” She circles behind you, sliding a hand down your back.

Then she pats your ass. “Hm. You’re okay, I guess. A little plush for my tastes, but if I really need a hand—hey!”

Startled, you spin around to find Shizuha’s hand locked around the girl’s wrist.

Shizuha glowers. “Hands. Off.”

The girl pauses, the crystals hanging from her spikes barely shifting. Then she clears her throat.

“Uh… hey, angel. Which heaven did you fall from?”

Shizuha blinks, her face twisting in odd directions. You take a step away.

“Are… are you hitting on me?”

“What? No! I just want to have hot sex with you.” She idly jerks her wrist out from Shizuha’s grip, then rubs her hands. “…Is it working?”

“No.”

A moment passes. Flandre clears her throat and extends a hand toward Shizuha. “Uh, well… I’m Flandre Scarlet, pleased to meet you.”

“Shizuha.” Shizuha holds her arms still.

You take a breath. “Uh, Ms. Flandre, we need y—”

“Later.”

“Naoko’s right, Flandre. W—”

“How about we give this girl back, and I just take you instead?”

“I’m not up for bargaining.”

You step to the side, finding Flandre pouting.

“But she’s boring. You’re so much prettier.”

Shizuha stammers. “…Pretty?”

Flandre sighs. “Very pretty… Hey, wanna fuck yet?”

“Excuse me?”

“Oh, come on! Please?”

You need to step in. You know what it’s like to be where Shizuha is. How painful, how scary it is. But Kogasa’s beating still ripples through your mind, holding your tongue.

Flandre grabs Shizuha’s wrist and starts walking away. Shizuha stands still, then finds herself knocked off her feet as Flandre progresses. Shizuha grabs the hand on her wrists and tugs, then tries to pry Flandre’s fingers off. As far as you can tell, Flandre doesn’t even notice. Timid, you walk behind them.

“Hey, I’m getting bored. Let’s play a game.”

Shizuha pants, stumbling at Flandre’s forced pace and still trying to pry the girl’s hand off. “Wh-what sort of game?”

“Hm…” Flandre rubs her chin. “Oh, how about house?”

“You… you want to play house? Sure, why not?”

“Awesome! I’ll be the husband, you be the wife. We’ll start out as…” She pauses, glancing your way. “Scratch that. Let’s play poker instead. No, strip poker.” She waggles her eyebrows. “I caught sis playing that with a guest the other day. Oh man, you should have seen her face.”

Flandre stops before another wide door and throws it open, revealing a wide, rather extravagant room with a pale pink carpet and a bed with a plush, dark crimson blanket and a pile of pillows. Shelves line the walls, filled with dolls, stuffed animals, and toys you’ve never seen before. Bits of torn fabric, loose stuffing, and broken ceramic litter the spaces between each item as well as the floor beneath them.

A cold tingle runs up your back, from your waist to your neck.

Flandre folds her arms, scanning the room. “You know what? Card games are too slow. We need something exciting. Like uh… tag. Or truth or dare, maybe hide and go seek?”

She then lets go of Shizuha and trots forward, still mumbling about what to play. Flandre taps her foot. “Oh, and the loser, uh, has to do what the winner says.” She turns and gives Shizuha a wink.

Shizuha glances your way, mouthing ‘help.’ 

You wring your hands. Flandre wants to play with Shizuha and you, somehow, must stop her. Or at least stall her.

“Ms. Flandre?”

Her eyes twist back to you, narrow. You swallow.

“You… want Shizuha to play with you, right?”

She shakes her head. “I want her to fuck me.” Shizuha takes a step back. “But playing works too, I guess. Maybe something where we rub up against each other.”

“Of course. Of course.” You’re sweating. “But if someone… possesses her, and that thing wants me more, she won’t do that, right?”

She frowns. “You want me to do something, don’t you.”

“I…” You shiver. “Do you want to keep playing with her?”

Shizuha’s eyes jump to you, glaring.

Flandre spins and puts a finger to her chin. “Yeah, I guess so.”

“Well, the intruder—”

“Ugh. That again? Why do you have to keep bringing it up?”

“It might possess her again!”

Flandre blinks. “Oh, really? Why didn’t you say so?”

You sigh, relief flooding you. “Maybe you could play some game with it?”

She looks up, head and hips swaying from side to side. Then she levels her eyes back on you. “Okay! But you better still be here when I’m back!”

You nod. Shizuha just glares at you.

“Oh, one more thing!” She hops over to Shizuha. Shizuha takes a step back as Flandre grabs her wrist. The vampire slides a hand behind Shizuha’s head and pulls her in for a kiss.

“Mph! Gph!” Shizuha twists and squirms in Flandre’s arms. Wet, muffled pops and pants sound from them. “HPH!” Shizuha writhes, beating and kicking against Flandre. Then, finally, they part. Flandre pulls back, letting out a happy sigh just before she turns toward the door, carrying Shizuha with her.

Shizuha tugs on her wrist. Flandre glances back, then shrugs and lets go. She turns back to the door, then back to Shizuha. Shizuha steps back.

“Uh, hey, hey! What kind of intruder is it? Is it a monster? Is it big and scary?”

Shizuha groans. “It’s a book.”

Flandre sighs. “Oh, is that all? Books are boring.” She takes a step toward Shizuha.

“It’s also scary! It possesses people, it overpowered a swordswoman.”

You clear your throat. “It also beat Patchouli.”

“Oh, really?” She hums and haws, then spins on her heel. “See you two later, hot stuff and present girl!”

And just a moment later, she’s gone. You glance at Shizuha, she frowns back. You swallow.

“She… she wanted you, not me.”

A quiet, brittle laugh wheezes through her lips. “You’re not offended, are you?”

“I’m…” You blink. Now that she’s gone, now that you have time to process it… You don’t know what to think. “No. But, what now?”

Shizuha grabs your wrist and turns toward the door. “Now we get the hell out of here.” She takes a step forward. You hold back.

She glances back, frowning deeper.

You look around at the busted dolls, scattered stuffing and ceramic, and loose ribbons. “That’s not the deal. If she finds out…”

Shizuha tugs on your wrist. “She won’t if we hurry. Now let’s move.”

You rub your ass. It still stings, both inside and out. Kogasa’s cold, unyielding metal still decorates your neck. “N-no. We… we can’t. It never, it never works. We sh—”

Shizuha tugs on your wrist again, harder. “We are not staying here, Naoko.”

“No, we have to. We made a deal.”

She lets go. “You made a deal.” She glares, eyes visibly moist. “I’m not fucking her for you, Naoko.”

“I… I…”

She groans. “You know what? You want to stay here? Fine. But I’m not.”

She storms off, racing through the open door and slamming it shut behind her. You blink.

“You-we-I…”

For a moment you just stand there, baffled. What now? What should you—no, what could you do? If Flandre comes back and finds only you, what would she…

You can’t let that happen.

You stagger forward, then jog. Tossing the door open again, you turn left and sprint down the hall.

Shizuha, Shizuha, Shizuha. Where did she go? Where did Flandre go? If she sees what you’re doing, what will she…

She won’t care, probably. If she finds Shizuha running, though…

You shake your head, then run toward a dead end. Spinning on your heel, you find an intersection to your left and sprint down it. You can’t hear any footsteps. You close your eyes and concentrate, preparing to open them again as the muddy…

Whatever fogged up your senses before is gone. Small pinpricks of lust dot the halls above you as a slightly denser mass moves up…

A flight of stairs, on your level. Focusing on that location, you open your eyes and wind around the halls until you find it. Your feet grow heavy and their pounding strikes send unpleasant ripples through your sore ass, but you keep going.

Climbing the stairs, you find a pair of massive doors swung wide open, into the better-lit halls you remember. A small fairy pack scatters, throwing doors open as they duck into nearby rooms.

Those toys still litter the floor as you turn and jog to the right. A red bit gag, a pair of cuffs, a dark armbinder…

You shake your head and close your eyes. Two pinpricks float out from the rooms behind you. You hear a shuffle as…

You throw your eyes open, spin around and fire…

A single, wobbling heart that makes it only a few feet before evaporating. You hiss, your magic still exhausted from your previous fight. You spin on your heel and—

“Get her!”

You spin back and sprint, pounding your aching, burning legs. You take a deep, hungry gulp of air and raise your hands to your mouth, preparing your lungs to…

To do what? Call for help? Is that really a—

A loud pop sounds behind you. You glance back to find only two fairies and—

One of them, a lanky blonde, snaps a red ribbon leash to the metal collar on your neck and gives it a tug, only forleaves and orange lights sail through the air, popping both her and her buddy. Amid the fading, glittering lights, Shizuha marches toward you, sweating and panting.

“Sister damn it, Naoko! I turn around for five minutes and you’re almost overwhelmed by fairies?”

You let out a shaking, relieved breath. “You’re back. Does that mean…”

She turns on her heel and marches forward. “It means I’m taking you with me.”

In an instant, something tugs on your collar, pulling you forward. You look up to find Shizuha’s hand gripping your leash.

She blinks, looking down. She drops the leash like a hot coal and throws her gaze down. Then rushes close and unclips it. Hurling it to the side, she turns around and gestures forward. “Let’s… let’s go. Now.”

“But… I can’t. They’ll find me. When they find me, they’ll…”

“I’m leaving, Naoko. Now, would you rather leave with me, or wait for that brat empty-handed?”

You stumble slightly, but soon fall into her rhythm, passing a long parade of candles on your way down an impossibly long, wide hallway. She’s… she might be right. Pissing off powerful women never seems to do any good, but without Shizuha, that’s going to happen anyway.

You rub your aching ass and find your eyes sliding, ever so subtly, to the swish and bounce of Shizuha’s dress across her own smooth backside.

You both freeze as an explosion echoes down the halls. Shizuha twitches.

You sigh. “Where is that?”

You pause, then shut your eyes. You’ve got this. It’s…

Shizuha sprints forward, dragging you with her. “We’re not about to find out.” She grunts, hauling you around a corner.

You stumble and pump your legs, struggling to keep up with your tethered wrist. Only when the noises fade further into the distance does she slow down. The two of you stop to catch your breath.

A scarlet armbinder and matching ball gag rest atop the hallway carpet.

You wipe your sweating brow, still worried about Flandre’s wrath. “It can’t be too bad, can it, Shizuha?”

She stares back, sour.

“Maybe I could bargain her down. We can still work something out, can’t w—”

She turns on her heel, scoops up the gag, and steps up to you, close enough for her dress to graze your apron. She presses the ball to your cheek, eyes narrow. “One more word and this goes right between your teeth, understand?”

In an instant, you’re whimpering. Quiet, you nod.

She pulls it back. “Good. Now, this way.” She grabs your wrist and pulls. You only budge, your mind trapped in a shaken stupor.

She then sighs, tossing the gag aside. She glances back. “Look, you’ll… you’ll be fine, I promise. We can still make it out of this safely, I swear.”

Shivering, you nod again. She tugs again and this time, you follow. Your steps are slow and halting at first, but you soon advance to a steady, if twitching, march.

“And… besides. Your… family. They’re worried. They want to see you. So just hold out until then, okay?”

“Why?”

It slips from your lips before you catch it. Shizuha freezes. Then she starts forward again. She clears her throat. “They’ve… heard things. Stories. From the village. Just think about what how they’d feel if you disappeared here, never to return..”

There’s something subtle but strange in her demeanor as she says that. Something sad and sympathetic. Whatever it is, she’s not telling you something.

“If I keep my…”

Shizuha’s eyes narrow, you shut your mouth, sighing. “You might be—”

An explosion rocks the building, followed by faint voices, echoing in the distance.

“What the hell are you doing here?”

“What, regretting that hot babe you sent me?”

“Where did you learn that language, young lady?”

“I’m basically the same age as you! Besides, I…”

You feel a tug on your wrist. Shizuha points forward, insistent.

You follow her down the hall again, still worried about the girl you’re leaving behind. And more importantly, how she’ll react when she realizes that.

You swallow.

“Familiar.”

Are they still speaking?

“Get over here. It’s time to end your contract.”

Who is she… That wasn’t from a distant hall. That was inside your h…

Your vision blurs, resolving back into the library.

Patchouli slouches into a wide, cozy chair. She pants and coughs, possibly harder than she did before. It’s difficult to tell. She takes small breaks to mutter indecipherable words and gesture from bookshelf to bookshelf.

Books litter the floor, though a few tomes float from the floor to the shelf, one at a time.

“Koa found the index. Get over here so I can sever your bond.”

“How do I…”

“Turn right, big door on the,” she coughs, “left. Koa can do the rest.”

She starts to wave her hand, then pauses.

Koa throws herself in front of Patchouli. “Hey! You’re somewhere around here, aren’t you?” She glances left and right, then turns to Patchouli and, following her eyes, stares just off to your left. “She can summon you for real if she has to! And besides.” She gives a lascivious smirk to that point behind you. “Your special sauce might flow down her pipes if the connection lasts too long, know what I mean?”

You have no clue what she meant, but it must have been lewd, the way she’s waggling her eyes.

Patchouli blushes then, glaring at Koa, waves. Your vision blurs again, bringing you back to that endless hallway. You bounce slightly, cradled in Shizuha’s arms.

She glances down. “Oh, finally awake? Good.” She pauses and sets your feet on the floor. “You’re damn heavy, you know that?”

You glance around you, finding yourself at the end of a hallway. It splits to the left and right.

She clears her throat. “Care to explain what the hell happened there?”

You swallow. “It was my, uh, master, I think. The sorceress, with the book that saved us. She told me to…”

Shizuha crosses her arms. “Did she tell you a way out of here?”

“No, but she did tell me how to get to her. I can break the contract there.”

She narrows her eyes, taking a sharp breath. “Another stop?” She pauses, sizing you up. “Fine, let’s get it over with. But if I see even a glimpse of that brat, I’m gone. Understand?”

“The wh…” she used that term before, for… “Flandre?”

“Yes. Her.”

You let out a shaky sigh. “Yes. Of course.”

“Good. Lead the way.”

You turn down the right hall, soon finding the big door. You reach for the handle, only for it to swing open on its own. Koa stands inside, grinning and gesturing you further in.

You follow her, stepping over loose books and ducking once or twice over books floating through the air.

She skips on, deftly weaving between each obstacle, until you find yourself back at the chair that Patchouli sags into.

She takes an idle glance your way then, clearing her throat, mutters more strange words and conjures a glowing circle around you.

Shizuha hisses and hops back. “The hell is this?”

“Ms. Naoko. I hereby release you from your contract.”

Small, weak tendrils of energy seep out from your body, leaving you weak.

The light fades down. You stand there a moment, stunned. “That’s… that’s it?”

She clears her throat. “Yes.”

“Is there… any way to get my power back?”

She groans, clearing her throat. “Ask me when my library’s in order. I need it now.”

Shizuha grips your shoulder. “I’m weak, but I’m still a goddess. Start praying to me and I’m sure we can work something out. Now can we finally just go?”

You glance between her and your former… master? Supplier?

A quiet giggle echoes, either from a distant hall or the back of your mind.

“Koa, show them out.”

“Yes, please.”

Koa pouts. “More slave labor, master? Fine.” She rolls her eyes, then skips forward. Shizuha grabs your wrist and follows. After several winding turns, you find yourself before another big, open door.

“Up the stairs, take a right, and follow the daylight.”

You both nod and jog up.

You hear a giggle echo from around the corner. Shizuha gulps, scoops you into her arms, and sails through the air. Following Koa’s directions, her flight path soon takes you to a hall with slightly tinted light reflecting off the walls.

The sun’s started to set. You told Kagerou to make a fuss if you didn’t see her before now. You told Aya you’d be back at your farm by now.

Shizuha drops you to your feet by the great entrance doors. She grips a handle and glances back. You pause.

If you leave now, you’re bound to make enemies of at least one powerful vampire. If you don’t, you may never get to leave again. You rub sweat-slicked skin. When did it…

Nevermind. Not important. You scan the stairs before you and the yellow-tinged light on the walls. No fairies or vampires in sight yet.

You glance back to Shizuha as she hauls one door open. She opens her mouth, but you cut her off.

“Where are you, you planning to take me?”

“The village. Where else?”

You shake your head. Of course. With the book here, and likely subdued by now, it would be the safest place for you. And yet…

Will you be safe from the Scarlets there? What about Aya? What about Kagerou or that phantom… anchor girl?
With one last push, Shizuha sets the door aside. Brilliant bluish daylight fills the room. Impatient, she beckons you forward. “Come on, Naoko. Let’s go.”

You take a deep breath, then exhale, shaking your head. “Go… go ahead without me. I’ll be fine, hopefully.”

She stares back, flabbergasted. She lets out a quivering, shaking laugh. “That’s… that’s not funny, Naoko. That brat could tear you apart.”

You shudder but hold your ground. “I’ll work it out. I can’t leave, Shizuha. Not yet.”

“Naoko, this is a life sentence! I can feel it! I can…”

“I’m staying, Shizuha.”

She glares, eyes visibly wet. “…fine. I’m not coming back for you, though.”

She turns on her heel again, dragging the door shut behind her. With a loud thump, the daylight vanishes, leaving only the windows to light the room. This, this will be fine. You’ve been through worse. You’ll just talk with the…

Flandre expected to fool around with Shizuha when she finished. On your advice. Remilia expected you to pick up the toys those fairies had left around. You take a long, slow breath, calming your nerves just slightly. You can’t do anything about Flandre anymore, so as you walk back, passing underneath the sweeping stairway above, you keep an eye out for those… things. The tools of your torment.

It takes only a few moments to find the first one. A pair of scarlet leather handcuffs. Glancing around and confirming that no fairies float too close, you pick them up and walk forward. You continue forward, finding a black blindfold and a blue ball gag.

You turn to the left, advancing through the same kind of scarlet halls Kogasa carried you through. Shivering, you find another item. A dark blue corset. Picking it up, you…

“Good choice, farmgirl.”

You spin, finding Remilia rubbing her palms behind you. You swallow, giving her a defensive smile. Her wings unfurl.

“But maybe you could tell me why you took so terribly long. I do recall insisting you take care of them before I left to take care of your mess, did I not?”

Your smile falters. “I thought the book was more important. I’m taking care of them now, aren—”

“Good job.” She grins up at you, clapping. “But…” She sighs, shaking her head. “You’ve done enough. I think I’ll leave it to more competent servants, like the fairies.”

Your jaw clenches at the sneering grin she gives you. You’re more competent than a fairy, at least. But you shake that thought away. Not now, not inside her estate. “What do you want from me?”

She chuckles. “Just put those away, then we’ll talk.” She whistles at such a high pitch you barely hear it. A few moments later, more of those maids float in. She turns to them. “Pick the toys up and follow me.”

The maids salute. Remilia steps forward and, patting your shoulder, marches past you. After a moment, you follow, still carrying the restraints you’d gathered.

“Wait! Ms. Scarlet! Where do they go?”

She glances back, head cocked. “Follow me, farm girl.”

The fairies float around you, following Remilia. Shivering, you jog forward. Unable to fight even another fairy, you’ll be screwed without someone stronger to hide under. It takes only a moment to catch up. Stepping between the fairies, you advance to Remilia’s side.

She spares you a grin, but one that’s stressed and worn. She turns away, looking straight forward as she marches through the halls. She turns left, then right, then stops before a staircase down. She lifts off the ground and floats down, just above the stairs. You walk down them, following close behind.

As she touches down, she glances your way again. “You really have a thing for my maid, don’t you?”

You blink. What?

She shrugs, letting out a yawn, and returns to walking. “She must have made you cum hard when you ducked away with her. Now you’re slipping into her dresses and playing with her toys.”

“Her dresses?” You glance down your body, scrutinizing the maid outfit you’ve been wearing. This is hers? It’s not… it’s clean, right? It wouldn’t be… Face red, you force your gaze back up to find Remilia smirking back as she walks.

“Did she pick that collar out for you, too?”

“What? No. This was Kogasa. She…” Your tongue clamps itself to the floor of your mouth. You take in a sharp breath, wishing you could wipe that memory away, forever.

She looks forward again. “Don’t worry about it. In fact, don’t worry about anything. I’ll take good care of you.”

You open your mouth to respond, only for her to turn to the right. A short distance away, the hall ends in a dull metal door. That she walks straight toward. Glancing back to the fairies, you find them floating smoothly behind you, having accumulated small handfuls of those terrible restraints.

Suppressing unpleasant thoughts of them, Kogasa, and handcuffs, you focus on Remilia.

She stops just in front of the door, fingering a lock in the center. Fishing a dark key from her skirt, she slides it into the lock and, turning, pulls the door open. A single lantern hangs from the ceiling, barely lighting the black marble floor or bare wooden walls and ceiling.

Metal hooks line the walls, above a pair of shelves hanging at waist level, with a single, long chest underneath each. As the fairies flit to the walls, hooking gags, cuffs, and harnesses into those hooks, Remilia ignores them, advancing to the giant, metal door at the end of this short… hallway.

Uncertain, you wander near a vacant hook and pull out the cuffs you’d grabbed. Lifting it to the hook, you—

“Not those.” Remilia glances back at you. “I need those dropped off a bit further in.”

That sounds wrong. That sounds horribly wrong. But… you glance back, through the mess of fairies, to the open door. Small giggles ripple through them, accompanied by furtive, grinning glances your way. The moment you leave her presence, you’re a walking fairy toy. Gut sinking, you turn your gaze back to the large, interior door.

It’s… big. At least two people could walk through it side-by-side, probably without even touching each other. A great red circle adorns the center, covered in matching symbols you can’t read. Remilia rolls her shoulders, then presses an open palm to the circle. It flares to life, bathing the hallway in red. As the light dies down, metal scrapes against metal as you hear gears turning and the whole damn door rises up and disappears through a narrow hole in the ceiling.

A stale, tangy scent wafts to your nose as Remilia marches into shadow. Then, on some unseen cue, four chandeliers burst to life, casting amber light across a floor of brilliant red marble beneath your feet and…

Cages hang from the ceiling. Wood and metal crosses rest against the walls, some of which stand upright, others tilted to make X shapes. Two long wedges protrude from short rails in the left wall. One’s hard and wooden, the other soft, with a pair of pink nubs on top and a crank in front. On the right, you find a stocks and a few metal structures, vaguely humanoid in shape. Strange, strap-covered tables rest near the back.

Around the corners, you find water troughs, strap-covered chairs, and odd poles. A furnace lies in the far wall. Alongside the walls, you find a few large armoires, all shut and locked.

In the dead center, you see a small metal dome, covered in more strange writing. Two small black chests flank it.

It’s not… too strange. She has a good reason to store the toys you’d picked up in here. Right?

“Hurry up, farm girl.”

Remilia stands by the dome, patting a black chest to the left.

Swallowing, you jog forward. She peels the lid open. With a great sigh of relief, you dump the restraints inside. She then shuts the chest. You wipe your brow, then turn to Remilia.

Rubbing your neck, you clear your throat. “Ms. Scarlet, what do you want next?”

She puts a finger to her lips, looking up into your eyes, then casting her gaze around the room. “Tell me what you think of this place. Beautiful, isn’t it?”

You glance around, noticing straps on the crosses, the tables, and triangles, all of which you’re certain could fit your wrists or ankles. “It’s a… dungeon.”

She gives you a flat stare, then groans. “Whatever. This is all too much for someone of my palate to deal with right now. This way.” She steps around the dome, standing opposite the side facing the entrance.

You follow, then freeze. It’s open on this side, heavy bars lined up close together. On the inside, a pair of manacles hangs from the ceiling, with another pair fixed to the floor. You stare only a moment befo—

Pain rips through your cheek, followed by a slow, steady drip down your neck. You turn to Remilia, who trots to the cage’s left, blood dripping from her nails. Scraping a bloody nail across her palm, she cuts a tiny sliver into it. Smearing the mixed blood across her left hand, she presses it into the cage’s side. With another flash of red light, the bars sink into the floor.

“Alright, show’s over. Get in.”

You work your mouth, unable to find your voice. Wordlessly, you cock your head, pointing at the cage.

“Yes. In the cage.”

Eyes wide, you take a step back, shaking your head. “Ms. Scarlet. Lady Remilia. Please. I promise. I—”

In a flash, she’s standing before you. In another, she’s gone. It’s only when the boot slams into your back that you realize where she’d went. You tumble forward, slamming into cold metal and crumpling into the smooth, curving surface of the far wall.

A dainty hand grasps your right wrist and, dragging it upward, hauls you back to your feet. You twist and tug as Remilia wraps a manacle around that wrist, then snaps it shut. She lets go and moves to the other side, grasping your left.

“Please, Ms. Scarlet. I swear I’ll do better. I’ll do exactly what you say this time. Just p—”

A backhand crashes across your cheek, stunning you. The manacle snaps shut around your once-free wrist.

“Better?” She scoffs. “Perhaps you should have considered that before you dragged my sister into this.”

You gulp, flexing your hands and tugging, just slightly, at your chains. “I’m s—”

Her eyes narrow. “Tell me, have you ever seen one of her tantrums?”

“I just met her, so—”

“Of course. Well, let’s just say you should thank me for this.”

You’re still twisting and straining when she grabs an ankle, but it does nothing to even slow her as she encases it in cold, hard metal. It takes barely a second or two for her to trap the other one.

She rights herself and, dusting off her hands, she grins. “Flandre won’t find you here, at least.”

Trembling, hands suspended above your head, you watch as she strides away, stopping just outside the cage. She sends an idle glance back.

“No one will.”

She presses the same side of the wall. You lean forward, barely, as those bars rise from the floor, thudding into place at the top of this cage’s door.

“Wait! Please!” You stare into Remilia’s eyes. “I, I can fetch your food. I can clean. I can maybe massage you. Please, give me a—”

She stretches, yawning. “I’m going back to bed. I’ll deal with you when I wake up.”

Voice quiet, you stare into Remilia’s eyes. “Please, at least tell me what I can do to make it up for…”

Yawning again, she turns and walks away, out of sight.

“Ms. Scarlet! Remilia! Please! I can still, I can still…” You tug on your manacles again, only for a sharp pain to strike your wrists. They’re still sore and tender from…

From the cuffs Kogasa put you in.

Before you tried to fight her in them.

Squinting in pain, you still tug on them. You throw your body forward, then pull it back. Worn-down, you sag in your chains, your short, puffy sleeves falling to your shoulders. Your breath hitches. Blinking hard, you feel wet streaks slide down your cheeks, followed soon by tears dripping onto your apron.

“Just…” You shudder. “Just give me one more chance. Please.”

Silence hangs over the… dungeon. Then those gears sound again, followed by a heavy thump somewhere behind you.

And just like that, she’s gone. Sniffing, you glance around your cell. Smooth metal walls curl into the ceiling your wrists hang from, though the barred exit covers a good third of your prison. Beyond that, a pair of those strapped tables rests, each with a strange, heavy crank on the interior side. Between them, the dormant brick furnace.

You tug on your chains again, idly testing their give. You get one foot up to about the other’s ankle and one wrist down almost to your head. Your chest shudders, your shoulders shake, and a steady stream of tears drips from your chin, wetting your apron. No. No, no, no…

Why? How could she do this? You’d done what she wanted, didn’t you? You sniffle, wishing you could rub your wet eyes. However bad these ‘tantrums’ are, they couldn’t be worse than losing to that book. Body shivering, you hiccup. This, this… Why didn’t she warn you about any of this?

You rest there a moment, idly tugging your ankles. You get one maybe half its length off the floor. Your breath hitches. Shutting your eyes, you try to shut out the thought of what she has in store for you.
Youmu. The swordswoman who likely saved you from Wriggle. You shift your feet, adjusting your weight. She’d also saved you from frustration, though at the cost of cracking her already tenuous relationship with you. Even when Kogasa confined both of you, Youmu and Shizuha broke you free.

The chains clink. The light outside your darkened cage flickers, ever so slightly, as each minute passes. Where is Youmu now? Remilia did defeat the book, right? If not, did it capture her? If Remilia did win, did she let her go?

Remilia went so far as to imprison you. Would she have done the same for her? If not, is Youmu looking for you, even now?

The tears return to your eyes. Yuyuko, queen of the dead, demanded you keep her purity intact. You’d done your best. You’d thrown yourself at Kogasa to save her, you’ve fought and struggled and done everything in your power to keep both of you safe.

You tug your ankles upward, unsurprised to see the chains hold firm.

And yet, despite everything you’d done, it was by your body she’d been raped. If Yuyuko ever realizes what happens, will she understand? Or will she…

Or will she act more like Remilia just did?

You pull in toward yourself, tugging and straining against your chains. You twist from side to side and push yourself forward once more. The cool steel bites into sore ankles and screaming wrists. You need to run. Run and hide somewhere no one can find you. No crazy, controlling vampires, no demanding ghosts, no youkai, no humans who know youkai. No one.

Your heart pounds as you throw yourself to one side, then the other. Images of Yuyuko float through your mind, nestled between similar images of Remilia and Flandre. All cruel, angry, and heartless. Soon, your arms and legs start to burn. Then, finally, your strength gives out.

Panting, sweating, and choking down more sobs, you simply hang there, in the middle of a dark cage, itself in the middle of a dungeon. Those tables still loom outside, with what you now notice to be a pair of straps at each end. A small, hurtful part of you dreams up other images. This time of Youmu blasting through the dungeon gate, racing between the strange, sinister devices, and breaking your cell open. She would then slice your chains apart, scoop you up, and carry you away.

Far, far, away.

It hurts. None of this will ever happen. None of it ever could happen. At least, not to you. But you can’t stop. Unable to move, let alone escape your cell, the only thing you can do is think. And thinking of Remilia or Yuyuko will only make it all worse.

Youmu. She could carry you away, convince Yuyuko to forgive you, and the two of you could move away, into some quiet cottage. Then… you don’t know. Fall in love? She’s a little strange, but cute enough. And the fact she’s never tried to force you into anything is about all you could ask for. Maybe, after a few years, you’d even consider letting her sleep with you.

Would that be moving too quick?

Not that it matters. She’d either leave you or confine you long before then, anyway. Maybe, had you scrounged up enough cash, you could have paid for a guard or chaperone. But then, that would require a lasting steady job, which would need fewer nosey predators.

But then, who could you trust to chaperone…

Light and sensation fades away as you drift to sleep.



“There aren’t too many girls who fear sex the same way you do, girl.”

You tumble to the polished wooden floor and pull yourself up. The whole surface is coated in sweat and pussy juice. Not yours.

A familiar, cozy grin looms ahead, framed in dark blue hair. The figure wears a familiar puffball dress, though you struggle to place the face. Two figures lurk behind you, one short, with lavender hair, a pink dress, and bat wings. The other’s tall and curvy, with curly pink hair and a pale blue dress.

You stagger forward, then jog. Your feet keep slipping on the juices below, slowing you down. But you don’t fall. The puffball woman floats beside you, still smiling.

“This is your third nightmare in the past five hours, did you know that?”

You ignore her. You’re in a wide hallway, but one lit too dim to see more than the glimmering floor beneath you. Probably because of the dripping panties wrapped around the lanterns overhead. They’re blocking the light out.

“No snakes or spiders. No chomping maws, lost deliveries, or missing payments. Not even a famine or pestilence. Not even any, well… I guess several of them did involve surprise nudity.”

A silhouette appears in the distance, someone thin and welcoming.

“Just lots of horny, excited girls. You’ve been a treat to watch.”

Soft, white hair frames a proud but young face. Youmu. She turns and sprints toward you, scooping you into her arms. She hugs you tight for a moment, then sets you down. You stare, dreaming, into her eyes. Her face shifts, transforming into the quiet confidence and dark hair of Ayame, then Shizuha’s blonde hair and dour gaze.The monsters behind still float toward you.

“Shizuha! Please, I—”

She presses her lips to yours, smothering your voice. The figures still approach. You twist and press your arms to her torso. ...It’s naked. As are you. Holding your face to hers with one hand, she slides her hands up and down your back.

“By the way, despite the last nightmare, that sword girl’s safe. You may find yourself wishing she wasn’t, though.”

The figures behind you giggle. They’re close. Horribly close. They’re…

A fat, pendulous bust brushes into your back, accompanied by someone else’s claws gripping your ass…



The reddish candle-light of the dungeon returns, seeping in through your cage’s door. You groan. Chains clink as you shift from side to side, seeking some position that will ease the screaming pain of your wrists and ankles. You find one, only to feel your legs and arms burn when you do. With no sunlight or clock, you have no way to tell how much time had passed.

After a moment, you hear something different. A sharp, rhythmic tapping on the outer gate. Then the gears start again, and something thumps up into the ceiling behind you. A couple footsteps later, another thump, this time hitting the floor. A light tap, tap echoes around the dungeon, moving closer.

“Wakey, wakey, Ms. Honda.”

Remilia’s voice sounds lighter this time, almost jovial. So, she’s in better humor, at least.

You clear your throat. “Ms. Remilia, I—”

“Shh…” The voice floats around the cage. “There will be better times for talking. Right now…”

She steps into view and presses that one part of the wall again. The cage door rises into the air. You give her a nervous, defensive smile.

She waltzes into your cage, traipses around behind you, and undoes your apron string.

You twist in your chains, your voice shakes. “R… Remilia. What are you…”

“Sh-sh-shh…” She lifts the loop over your head, dropping the apron to your feet. “I’ve got some work to do that I’m afraid may leave just a little bit of a mess, and…” Buttons snap open on your upper back. “Well, I couldn’t just soil my best servant’s dress on your account, could I?”

On instinct, ignoring the fire roaring across your muscles, you inch forward, stretching the chains to avoid Remilia’s touch. She ignores your efforts as she fiddles with the back of your skirt and gives it an experimental tug.

Then she drags it down to your ankles. “Hm…”

Your face burns as she no doubt stares at your essentially bare ass. It burns hotter when she grips the sides of your pointless, useless panties and slides them to your ankles, too.

“I don’t think that’s quite proper attire for my estate.”

You hear a slight rustle, then feel something enter one of your lower manacles. A second later, one ankle pops free, then the other.

Remilia coughs. You crane your neck to glance backward, not quite reaching her. Her foot taps your ankle. You lift your foot. She taps the other ankle. You plant the first down on bare metal and lift it instead. Cloth rustles and shifts away.

Then that thing enters the manacles on your left wrist, freeing it. Utterly worn down, you crash to the cold steel floor the moment your other wrist pops free, the impact rattling through your bones. Your skirt’s been kicked to the wall. Despite the jarring pain of impact, relief fills your body as strained, worn muscles finally get a chance to relax. A moment later, Remilia clears her throat.

You stare up. She frowns back down on your shirt. You glance at it, questioning. She nods, scowling. With a nervous laugh, you drag it up, over your head, and off. “C-can I go n—”

Remilia grabs your wrist and hauls you to your feet. Shifting her hands to the back of your shoulders, she pushes you forward, out of the cage.

“Thank you, Ms. Rem—”

She keeps pushing you forward, between the strange tables. She stops in the middle and lets go. You turn to face her, glancing back at the cage, then, craning your neck, to the…

The shut, sealed, heavy door behind it. Then you glance to your right.

The… the table has segments to it. One big one in the middle and two smaller ones at each end, where the straps are. Those shorter ones are connected to the crank. Your body grows cold and your hairs stand on end.

Almost wheezing, you turn back to Remilia. “Ms. Remilia, please. I promise, I swear, I…”

She frowns, then scowls. Taking slow, even breaths, she speaks. “Turn around and get on the table, Naoko.”

“Please, Ms—”

“Now.”

You spare one last glance to the gate, then to Remilia’s scowl.

“…Yes ma’am.” Breath hastening, you spin around and lift yourself onto the one on your right. Almost daring to hope it won’t have any of the strange pieces the other did, you ease your sore ass onto the coarse wood.

Remilia trots forward, toward the empty furnace, then stops by your feet. Grabbing your left ankle, she drags it to the nearest strap and, slipping it in, buckles the strap down around it. Panicking, you lean forward. “Please, Ms. Rem—” She locks the other in beside it.

“I, I can…”

She snaps up your right wrist and drags it backward, her sheer, unyielding might forcing your body down to the table as she pulls it past your head and plants it in an open strap. She soon buckles the strap around your wrist, and then forces your other wrist beside it and buckles it in.

With all four limbs locked down once more, you send Remilia another nervous glance. “You know you don’t have to do anything to me, right?”

Whack!

Your face jerks to the side, cheek stinging.

“I’d be more careful with that tongue, if I were you.”

She presses a hand on the crank, then pushes it out one bracket. The bars holding your limbs shift out away from each other, pulling both your arms and legs taut. You wince but find the position still less excruciating than the cage you came from.

“C-can we… talk about this?”

Remilia groans and throws herself up, onto the table. “I’d love to hear your voice. Just without your… words.” Straddling your belly, she leans down. Parting her lips, she brings them down, close to your…

Your shoulder. Only a moment of confusion flits through your mind, then roaring pain.

You scream, loud and ragged, as four long, vicious fangs sink deep into your shoulder. Blood flows out, sucked up in hungry slurps. Shuddering, you yelp when the fangs finally pull back, leaving a red mess pouring from your shoulder to the table.

She sits atop you a moment, licking her lips. She then lowers those lips back to your shoulder and licks the blood from it. When she pulls back again, you feel the trickle slowing.

“Average. A hint of earth and salt, but nothing more.”

“You… you’ve made your point. Ms. Remilia, please, I…”

She snaps her fingers. “Oh, right. I still have work to do.”

She hops off you and returns to the crank. She grins. “Let’s work a few kinks out of these legs, shall we?”

You twist your head just far enough to watch her wind it…

“Wait, Remilia! I’ve lear—”

“Aagh!” You wail in pain as the sections pull apart again, jerking your wrists and ankles further apart. Your limbs tremble, your tendons straining to hold your body together. As they settle into place, you wiggle, twisting and straining to find some position where your limbs can rest again. Taking quick, shallow breaths, you turn to Remilia. “Please, Remilia. I’ll, I’ll… is it sex? Do you want me to fuck you? I-I-I… I don’t know if I can bring myself to do it, but for you, I could tr…”

She settles her hand on the crank again, staring into your eyes. “I think I’d like a little quiet right now.”

Gulping, you nod, turning your eyes to the ceiling.

Her footsteps tap away as you study the patterns. You struggle through the creaking pain of your limbs to pay even a moment’s mind to the black and red swirls as…

The footsteps return. You turn to your right to find her carrying a lit candle in a small, silver holder, which she brings near your head.

With a quiet clack, she sets the holder by your throbbing arms and lifts the candle over, around your head, to your bare…

She flicks it, knocking a drop of scalding wax onto the upper root of your breast. You hiss, twisting as she drops the next one nearby, then the next. You yelp with every other drop she burns into your skin as she spirals inward around your right nipple, then trails that liquid fire down your belly, then your thigh.

You swallow, your mouth bone dry, and breathe in. Then another drop hits, this time burning painfully close to your crotch. Remilia hums as she glides to your left, hovering the candle over your vulnerable legs the whole time.

Breathing fast, gut twisting and lurching, you clench your teeth, hissing again as the scalding wax now trails up your left side, then spirals up, around your left nipple.

With one last flick, she pulls the candle back and hovers it over you, walking back down to your…

No, no, no! She poises it directly over your pussy. You shake your head, frantic. Sighing, she places it on the table, between your thighs. It’s close enough that you feel the flame’s heat, but the wax, mercifully, drips just barely away from your skin. Remilia walks back to the crank.

Terrified, you shake your head. Your body can’t take i—

“AAAAAGH!” The scream blasts through your throat, ripping its way free of your mouth. Your bones creak and your muscles scream in pain. Your arms, your legs, your stomach. Everything burns, straining to hold together. The table stops just short of ripping your limbs off completely. You turn to Remilia, eyes wide as lungs pump wheezing, frantic breaths out.

She sighs, smiling. “That was beautiful, Naoko.” She wanders back beside your crotch, where she picks the candle back up.

“You know,” she hovers it over your pussy again, “after today, I dare say we could use another servant. Someone to help clean up.”

You shake your head, hard, as the fingers around that candle twitch. She sighs and sets it down, closer than before.

You groan as she rubs your worn, straining thigh. “You think I should just let you out, right now?”

Gulping, straining, you nod.

“Are you sure? You want to go out right now, all alone among the fairies? Without my protection?”

You pause.

“Or would you prefer to play with my sister? She does need some… stress relief, now. Or perhaps one of those beasts so enamored by your pussy? Should I call the umbrella over?”

She walks forward, sliding her hand up your hip, to rub your navel. “The fairies would love you, I’m sure. Having a new, sexy toy around to play with. Why, they’d use you for hours. They’ll lose interest eventually, of course. But who knows where or what state they’d leave you in.”

She shrugs. “Well, it’s not like that’s the only option. After all…” She snatches the candle back up and hovers it over your pussy again.

You shake your head. Again. Then, as she flicks i—

You scream again, exhausted and beaten, as the wax hits your pussy’s lips. Pain. Everything’s pain. You groan as the next drop hits. Then she pauses, looking you in the eyes.

“Well, Naoko. The future’s in your hands. Anything you’d like to say?” 
Even under the unrelenting pain, there’s something you can’t wrap your head around. Vampires are some and almost certainly vulnerable to your aura. But Flandre, she wasn’t affected. In fact, she went straight for someone else. Why?

“I can… I can play with your sister. Would that… be enough?”

Remilia stares, flabbergasted. “Excuse me, what? Why do you… this, this isn’t… what a tangled mess your fate…” You lie there, bones creaking as she runs her left hand down your belly. A moment later, the perplexed frown shifts to a grin. Then she cackles.

She sweeps her right hand across your face and rubs your cheek. “You’ve got no idea what she’s like, do you? You brought her all the way to the library, had a chance to flee, and now you…”

She pulls both hands off you, shifting one to the crank. Your eyes widen, but as she turns it, you feel the tension on your limbs ease as they pull closer together. Once, then twice.

The roaring, stretching pain fades, though every muscle still burns. There’s no part of you not sore. She cranks it one last time and your limbs fall just slightly slack.

“You know what? I’ll give you your wish.”

You swallow. “I didn’t… mean it as a wish. I meant…”

“Ms. Honda? Do be a dear and shut up, would you?”

Remilia steps around you, snapping your wrists loose, followed shortly by your ankles. For a moment, you lie there, body aching and throbbing. Even slight movements hurt.

Then Remilia slaps your thigh. “Off the table, girl.”

Groaning, fighting past the pain seared into your bones, you pull yourself into a sitting position.

For once, your ass hurts less than everything else. Slowly, gingerly, you set one foot on the floor, then the other. Remilia turns and walks away. Wincing at every movement, you follow her.

She places her hand to the center of that great door, sending it up into the ceiling. You enter the dungeon’s antechamber, then she shuts the door behind you. A moment later, she unlocks the outer door and leads you out, into the mansion.

Gingerly, you wrap an arm around your chest and place the other over your crotch. “Um, Remilia? Cou—”

“One more word and you go straight to the rack.”

You swallow. She snaps her fingers.

Sakuya appears, offering only a faint smile as her eyes sweep from Remilia, to you, then back to Remilia.

“Sakuya. Get me some tape and a wad of old cloth.”

The corner of her mouth twitches. “Yes, milady.”

Sakuya vanishes. Your muscles groan, too worn to readily carry your weight.

Remilia rubs her face. “What a waste.” She turns to you. “I swear, if you screw with her any more, I’ll rip—”

In a flash, Sakuya reappears with a roll of something shiny and gray in one hand, and what looks like a wrapped-up, old sock in the other.

You open your mouth to protest, then remember Remilia’s warning.

Instead, as Remilia beckons Sakuya toward you, you swallow. Remilia places one hand on your shoulder, pulling the sock from Sakuya with the other. “Open up.”

You shake your head and—

Wham! Her hand slams across your cheek, then returns to your shoulder.

“Do you want to help, or return to the rack?”

Shivering, you open your mouth. She places the wad against your lips, then stuffs it inside. It tastes stale and gritty. She pats the last bits of it in and rubs your now-inflated cheeks. You blink, then hear a ripping sound. Remilia steps back to make room for Sakuya, who places a strip of that gray fabric over your cheek.

It sticks to your skin. She peels more from the roll she’s holding and presses it tight to your cheeks as she circles it over your stuffed mouth and around your head once, twice, three times. Then, tearing it off the roll, she pats it down. You slide the hand from your breasts to your cheek, rubbing the slick material.

“Get her hands and legs too, would you?”

“Yes, Milady.”

You barely get a chance to blink before Sakuya grabs your hand and balls it into a fist. Then she wraps more of that fabric around it, layering it around, forcing your fingers together, and dragging the fabric down to your wrist. She then grabs your other hand and seals it in the same way. You look to Remilia, who smirks as Sakuya drags both hands behind your back.

She wraps a couple loops around both wrists, pinning them together, then a couple loops around your forearms. Pressing your legs together, she wraps a few more loops around your thighs, then your shins. You wobble a moment, then find Remilia walking away.

“Deliver her to Flandre.”

“Yes, Milady.”

Sakuya scoops you into her arms, giving you a sympathetic smile. “My apologies, young lady.” She pauses, raising your head near her lips. “I would have suggested you tread more carefully around the mistresses.”

“Whr w—”

You blink, finding yourself in a familiar, pink bedroom, held aloft before the giant bed. Flandre stands, wide-eyed, to your left. Sakuya dumps you on the bed’s plush, red blanket. She bows to Flandre.

“A gift from the mistress.” Then she disappears.

Twisting around, you find all the dolls and stuffed animals you remember, except…

There’s more fuzz and ceramic shards than you remember.

Flandre blinks, looks you up and down, then frowns at the space Sakuya used to occupy. “Really, sis? The same gift again? Well, at least she wrapped it this time.” Then her frown turns into a scowl as she locks her eyes on yours. “You lied to me.”

“Whf! Hwh whoh whe hu…”

You squirm, twisting against the sticky fabric pressing into your skin.

She walks closer. “You said I’d get to play with the hot blonde when I was done.”

You twist, arching your back. “Whf! Whi whaph wh—”

She leaps backward. “You know what? Fine! I’ll just play with you!”

You barely get to blink before an orderly cloud of glowing red bullets form around her. Squeaking and wiggling, you manage to throw yourself off the bed, thumping into the floor below.

Even then, with your battered body screaming for relief, you have to twist and wiggle to avoid the barrage. Then you find another one right behind it.

“Wrhg! WRGH! Hlph!”

Your garbled pleas fall on deaf ears as you twist and bounce around. Hot magic strikes your shoulder, fizzling on your skin. Then another bullet clips your leg. Then another, as you roll onto your back, strikes your exposed breast.

The aches and pains from before only make the blows hurt more. In moments, the bullets evaporate.

“Oh… really? That’s it?”

Twisting your head, you find her pouting at you.

“Come on!” She sighs. “You can do better than that!”

She summons the bullets again. You yelp and flop around again. Another half-dozen strike you, scorching flesh, before they fade away again.

“Uuurgh! Boring!”

A hand of hers twitches. You yelp, muffled as some strange force squeezes your heart. “Hwph! Fwhuh!”

It presses down, then expands through your body. Your lungs, your stomach, your liver. A brutal, smothering force presses down on them.

You shift, shake, and let out more muffled, garbled pleas.

Then your voice breaks. Your pleas disappear, interrupted by desperate, frantic breaths. You look to Flandre’s still pouting face.

Your entire body screams out in pain beyond anything you’ve ever felt. Then it ends. In an instant, the pain’s gone. In fact, all sensation’s gone.

It takes a moment to realize… you’ve died.

Something went wrong. And yet…

A number of doors materialize in the black, each a different color. Formless, you float between them. Each one is closed, with only a small window at the top to hint at where it leads. Out of curiosity, you float toward the nearest one and press your essence against it, finding that it only pushes you back. Without a body to operate the handle, you won’t be able to open it. One door, a dark blue, shows a darker night, with a wide, hairy crotch lowering toward you. Another, this one a bright orange, shows the village bookstore, with Shizuha floating toward you, wrapped tight in a scroll.

You skip by them, one at a time, finding only the horrors you’d suffered, until you reach a section of nothing but crimson doors. Then you find one at the end, just barely ajar. Remilia looms over you in a familiar red…

It’s the dungeon. You’re on the rack.

The one next to it, closer to you, is fully open. It’s at the mansion’s front door. Shizuha stares at you, frowning, as she holds it open. 

As you step through the threshold, the light blurs and swirls together. A strange, otherworldly chime rings through the nothing, muted and muffled. Then a light headache strikes you, scattering your thoughts.

The lights and sounds resolve back into a familiar scene. Shizuha holds the mansion door open. She wants…

Your head still feels strange, but slowly, your thoughts and intentions return. Shizuha had fled the basement, taking you with her. She intends to take you to the village. Something about her leaves you uneasy, but you can’t stay here. At least, not without her.

You can’t go there just yet, though. You have other business to address before seeking shelter.

You walk up beside her. “Let’s stop by my farm, first.”

“Wh- hey, th- maybe we…” She stutters as the two of you advance. Precisely what leaves her so flustered is anyone’s guess. She closes the door behind you as you step outside, then she takes a long breath and quiets down a moment. “Let’s… just leave, first. We can talk about where we’re going after we’re out.” She jogs out into the courtyard, where you find the guard from before rubbing scraped arms.

She gives both of you a curt bow, though she accompanies it with a narrow glance. To the both of you. Then she sighs and steps aside. “I hope you’ve minded your manners while here.”

“We’ve…” You pause, considering that. “W—”

“We’ve been as polite as possible.”

The guard’s smile twitches, but she lets you past.

“Have a good evening, you two.”

You wave back. “Why, than—”

Shizuha grabs your shoulder. “Naoko. This way.”

She lifts off and floats away. Feeling inward, you find only the faintest hint of that force you had before. That warmth. Nevertheless, you pull it out to lift you into the air. You accomplish only a shallow hop before exhausting it completely.

“Shizuha, wait!”

She pauses and turns back to you. You try again, depleting faster after barely shifting the grass under your feet. She groans, then circles back and scoops you into her arms. She carries you through the air, sailing out to the misty lake’s shore just before banking to the right… away from the village and farm.

“Where are we going?”

Shizuha glances down, just a small light whizzes between you. A bullet. You glance aside to find clusters of fairies appearing from the water’s surface and the nearby trees. Soon a small volley appears. In a heartbeat, she swerves through them and soars away, into the woods.

She weaves between branches and trunks, keeping the lake just barely in sight. She clenches her arms, holding you tight to her modest chest. Bullets swarm through the air as the wind rushes around you.

You can’t fly anymore. If Shizuha drops you right now, you’re fairy food. Shutting your eyes, you wrap your arms around Shizuha’s body.

Eventually, she breaks out of the woods again, soon approaching a rough, dirt road. The bullets fade off as she slows, slightly, before she picks a direction and surges forward again. Just as the human village grows large enough to identify, she looks down toward you, eyes hard and teeth clenched. “You left the damn farm for good reason. Why do you want to go back?”

“I made a—” No. You didn’t make a deal. “Aya insisted I appear.”

Shizuha lets out a quiet, whining screech. “Aya? What the hell does she think she’s—no, you know what? Fine. We’ll go there. But… don’t trust her, Naoko.”

“Is there anyone I should trust?”

“People who won’t just steal you away if they get too pent-up.”

“Do you know anyone like that? Anyone else I could count on?”

She doesn’t respond. Swallowing, you continue. “I’ll be careful, Shizuha.”

Shizuha sighs and, with a sad glance toward the village walls, she turns away. Rice and wheat fields soon fill the plains around you, with huts and houses scattered among them. Familiar scents of wood fires, good soil, and fertilizer fill the air, mixed among low, distant conversations. Small trails of smoke meander through the air above a handful of homes, from baths being heated and food being cooked. It all brings you back to simpler, easier times. If not for that bad summer, this could still have been your life. You let out a long, sad sigh as Shizuha carries you on.

Then she swerves, gliding over an incline and toward the woods just outside your farm.

Something narrow and hard thumps into the ground behind you. Shizuha spins, turning you with her to face a familiar, devious grin and camera.

“Great timing, girls.” Aya, wearing her white blouse and brown skirt, trades a glance with Shizuha. “You can set her down now, I’ll take it from here.”

Shizuha’s arms and stomach tense, then she lowers toward the ground and eases her grip. Gingerly, you drop your feet into the coarse dirt and step out. Aya smiles and takes one step toward you, then stops.

“Alright, girls. Progress report. Can I get you out of my head yet or not?”

Shizuha glances your way.

You rub your arms. “Not yet.”

Aya frowns, tapping a foot and fiddling with another wallet.

You throw your hands outward. “But! I… I learned a little. I think I’m getting closer! I just need to…”

Shizuha glances your way, intrigued. Aya narrows her eyes.

“What did you learn?”

“I can suppress it now. Just a little.”

“Alright then, let’s see it.”

You glance between her and Shizuha. “I, I mean, I can suppress it in myself. I… don’t know how to suppress its effects in other people yet.”

“Try.”

Aya hooks a finger in her skirt. You swallow, then close your eyes.

She’s… slightly better than last night. You try to reach out toward her, to grasp that black, tangled cluster inside her. Nothing happens. You stretch harder, feeling a hot force build in your chest, then slide outward, toward…

You freeze, pulling back. You’d almost blasted her again.

You open your eyes to her disapproving gaze, then shake your head. “I’m sorry. I… can’t do that. Not yet.”

Aya groans, then strides to your left and slaps that wallet into your left hand. She takes another couple steps forward. “Read that while we talk.” A second later, you hear a grunt, followed by a second pair of footsteps. Shizuha follows her, grumbling. Your eyes track them a moment as they retreat. They walk a moderate distance away before Aya stops.

She says something, barely audible. Shizuha responds with something still indecipherable, but noticeably aggravated. You listen a moment to their heated but muted discussion, failing to pick out anything specific. With a sigh, you turn back to the wallet and flip it open. More pictures, of course. All feature a naked woman with short black hair. The first shows her rubbing soap into her glistening back. The second shows her pulling a pair of panties over her bare ass. The third, a close-up through a window, zooms in on a hint of her breast, just barely visible from behind, as she pulls a kimono on.

As you flip through them, something bothers you. Her body’s healthy and attractive, but it’s soft. There’s an unpleasant prickle at the back of your neck with each new picture. You don’t see the musculature Aya’s back had. And while you’re at it, these are all from the back or the side, save a very few intense close-ups of her pussy, breasts, or thighs. And the hair. It’s about the right length, but it’s choppy, almost wild. She seems a little shorter, too, like…

You flip to the end, finally finding a picture with a youthful but rowdy grin, on a face you know. It’s Kaori. Your younger sister.

Hands shaking, you close the wallet and turn to Shizuha and Aya to find them staring at each other. You walk toward them.

Shizuha seethes, staring her down. “Back off her, Aya.”

“I’d love to do just that, but she’s making it rather difficult, wouldn’t y—”

Her eyes snap to yours and back. “Well, it looks like she’s found my gift.”

You lick your lips, finding them suddenly dry. “You… took pictures of my sister.”

“Rather good ones, too. You may need to take notes, in case I find myself in need of a… personal photographer.”

You stop just in front of them. “Why her?”

She sighs and sways toward you. Stopping only as her bust brushes into yours, she slides one hand along your back and runs the other through your hair. Then she shoves your head into her breasts and presses your hips tight to hers. “I’ve got work to do, girl. I can’t let myself get too distracted, so I thought I’d secure a little incentive to make sure I never lose you.”

A faint hint of sweat and ink fills your nose as her bust presses in on your cheeks. You pull back to speak, only for her to shove your head back in.

“Relax. I’ll explain everything—”

“Like why the hell you’re still constricting her?”

“Oh, quiet. You just wish you had the guts, and the bust, to do this yourself.”

You press your hands, fruitlessly, into Aya’s sides. You hear a choked-back scream, then Aya continues. “I’ll need another fix soon, you know. I hope you two find me my cure before then, of course.” She clears her throat. “But you should really stick around until you do. Otherwise, well,” she pauses to stroke your hair, “who knows how many people might just discover images like these?”

Aya’s arms jerk just slightly, tugged backward. You hear a low rumble, almost a growl before Shizuha speaks. “Leave her family out of this, at least.”

Aya sighs, still gripping you. “Sure, sure. If the two of you get your shit together in time.”

Shizuha hisses, then she lets go. You hear a few footsteps as she circles around, then grabs your left arm. She tugs and, a moment later, Aya’s grip eases, letting Shizuha pull you free. You stagger forward a few steps, then find Aya waving back.

“You know, Naoko, if you’re really worried about your family, I’m sure I could find an… experiment to help you figure that cure out sooner. It could be a little dangerous, though.”

Shizuha tugs you forward. Unnerved by Aya’s behavior, you comply.

“Remember girls, stick to places like the village, where I can find you, and keep plenty of room in your schedule open for me. I’m expecting another progress report in a few days, too.”

Shizuha stops and turns back. “Give the girl some space, or she won’t have time to develop your cure.”

Aya shakes her head. “Fine, fine. Just don’t disappear on me and report back in a week, or I’ll need to look into other ways to ease my frustrations.”

Shizuha scowls, but turns her back on Aya and nudges you. You follow her a few steps.

“Say,” Aya calls out, “I wonder whether your sister would be willing to help out a girl like me.”

You glance back, but find her responding only with a friendly wave. Shizuha nudges you again and guides you further away, shuffling around trees and under low branches until you’re out of earshot from Aya. Out of human earshot, at least.

Shizuha clears her throat. “We’ve done it. We checked in, Aya won’t bother you for a while, everything’s taken care of. Now let’s go back to the village.”

“But…” You glance back to the farm. “My family’s worried, aren’t they? Why don’t we just drop b—”

“Waitwaitwait! Naoko, that’s… not necessary.” She grasps your shoulders, staring into your eyes. “Think about this. What…” She pauses, swallowing. “What will they think if you show up like this? You’re not even wearing… y’know.” She gestures somewhere around your waist. You raise a brow. Her eyes flit around you, alternating between glances to the side, and sliding down to your… Her cheeks turn red. Instinctively, you slide a hand to your crotch and pass her a questioning glance.

She nods. “Let’s get you cleaned up, dressed, and relaxed. Then we can think about popping back in with your family. How does that sound?”

“It’s… my home. I could just get changed there, couldn’t I?”

She lets out an odd whine. “That’s… I mean, it’s…” She pauses, sweating. “It would still be awkward, wouldn’t it? Besides, they don’t just have your underwear on hand, do they?”

Your eyes narrow. “I think I could borrow a pair from someone. Perhaps Ayame?”

Shizuha yelps. “That’s not necessary! Please, please, you’re safer in the village. Let’s just go there and relax before we worry about reporting in to anyone.”

You glance between Shizuha, Aya, and the farm. After the past few days, you find the thought of spending time with people you know hard to resist. But then, you’d be nearly helpless if another youkai showed up while you visited your family.

The village should be safer, though you shudder at the thought of spending an entire week under the shadow of Aya’s lust.

You sigh, casting one last, wistful glance to what used to be your home. “All right. Let’s go.”

“Finally.” Shizuha casts a glance back to Aya, then shrugs and holds her hands out toward you.

You stare at them a moment, then into her eyes. She sighs. “You can’t fly anymore, remember?”

“Oh.” You blink. “Of course. So, I just…” You step closer to her, unsure of what to do.

Like before, she scoops you into her arms and takes off. There’s something about the way she nestles you against her chest that feels odd. Maybe she’s holding you too close, or maybe you’ve grown even more paranoid than before.

“Hey! Don’t forget to check in next week!”

Shizuha responds with only a grunt. Then the familiar, comforting scents of your old home fade as you return to the road and soar toward the village.

When she reaches the village gate and sets you down, you feel a twinge of guilt at the relieved sigh you let out. Exchanging greetings with the guards, she strides in and you follow close behind. She marches through the streets, her pace quick, almost frantic. It’s only after the two of you leave the markets and pass through the common residential areas, then toward and edge of the village, with small apartment houses packed close together, that her pace slows.

Then she stops, running a hand through her hair. “So, Naoko. Where do you live, again?”

You take a moment to think. Your new home. It’s been days since you even had the choice to spend time there, let alone rest. This is it. You’re finally back. You’re safe and ready to return to the way you lived for the past year. Which… you’d still rather not talk about, but you’ve always found a way to keep your body mostly to yourself here, which makes it far better than the past couple days.

That book is taken care of, right? You never got a chance to see what happened to it, but Remilia wouldn’t just let it go, would she?

Smiling, you point toward a short alley. “This way.”

And just a few moments later, you find your home and reach toward the handle, before realizing that…

You don’t have the key. You’d left without it, and given the way people had…

You shiver. Shizuha pushes past you and throws the door open. Timidly, you follow her inside. Everything’s still where you left it. The futon and table are still to the left, the wardrobe still to the right. Even the romance novels are still there. Shizuha scrutinizes the windows and walls as you walk in. Closing the door behind you, you shuffle toward your bed and drop yourself in it.

Taking a long, slow breath, you stare at the ceiling. How many women have been inside you now? How many have forced you inside them?

It’s fine now, of course. You’re back. You’re safe. You can, you can…

You take a long, shuddering breath. The next few days will be difficult, but so long as no one—

There’s a knock at the door. You glance up just as Shizuha rushes toward it.

Grumbling and positioning herself directly in front of you, she peels it just slightly open.

“What do y…”

She pauses, then steps aside. A thin, diminutive woman steps inside, wearing a multicolored kimono and short, purple hair with an elegant flower on top. Akyuu herself stands inside your home. You snap upright, breath catching in your throat. Turning to you, she grins. Then her form ripples, her hair changing from a smooth, pampered purple to choppy black. The colorful kimono melts away into a simple and rather short black dress. The flower vanishes as red and blue tendrils sprout from the woman’s back. It’s Nue.

You glance away, still unsettled by those wings.

She hasn’t done anything yet. She hasn’t. She… won’t. Right? She won’t. She can’t.

“Hey, girls. Long time, no see.”

Shizuha folds her arms, resting against the far wall. “What do you want?”

Nue spares barely a glance back. “I save your asses and this is the thanks I get?”

You trade glances with Shizuha, then turn to Nue. “What did you do?”

She groans. “Hello? That tentacle demon thing? I chased it straight out of the village. And trust me, it is never coming back. You’re in the clear.”

Shizuha’s look sours. “You’re right. You sent it straight to Naoko.”

“What? I didn’t- how?”

“Though me.”

You both pause to glance at Shizuha. Blushing, she looks away. “…Sorry, Naoko. I couldn’t stop it in time.”

Nue claps her hands together. “I think we need a few more details there, goddess.”

Shizuha’s brow furrows as her head slides back, into the wall. “There’s nothing to say. It possessed me and took me to the mansion, chasing Naoko.”

You flinch. “How did it know where I was?”

“Beats me. But it must’ve figured it out shortly before it arrived, because it was so damn excited about that knowledge when we left.”

“And you don’t know why, do you, Ms. Nue?”

“Nope. Never let it in my head.”

You swallow. “That’s… not what I meant. But it’s fine. The book didn’t do anything this time, at least.”

Nue nods. “Yeah, yeah. It’s gone and you’re safe in the village again. It was not easy to sneak around the Hieda paragon herself, but I did it. Now, if you don’t mind, I’d like a little private time with Naoko, i—”

Shizuha glares. “No.”

Nue groans as she snaps one of your books up and flips through it. “Fine, fine. But I did my part. So, Naoko, are you still up for our date tonight?”

Shizuha turns to you, eyes wide.

You glance between the two, then swallow. “I need some time to myself. So, give me a few minutes, okay?”

Nue sets the book back down. “Sure, sure. Meet me by the gates.”

And with that, she turns back into Akyuu, jogs outside, and disappears.

Shizuha shuts the door. “Date?” She pinches the bridge of her nose. “Did you have to promise her that?”

“I’ve never… had the chance to go on one with someone who wasn’t trying to, well, you know…”

“To fuck you. And just how do you know she’s not trying to do that?”

You curl into yourself, just slightly. “I don’t. But if I don’t take the chance, will I ever get another?”

Shizuha exhales, audibly relenting. “I know I keep saying this but seriously, Naoko. Be careful around her.”

You sigh, then nod.

She presses a finger to the band around your neck, frowning. “And this. We need to get rid of it.”

It takes you a few minutes to change, stripping down and donning the only other outfit and underwear you have left. Simple white straps that you wrap around your breasts, with nothing to go over your crotch. Beyond that, all you have is a plain, cheap, white yukata you normally wear as a nightdress. As much as it embarrasses you to leave the house in this, you’re not ready to piss off another youkai, especially when safety is just within reach. And you’re not going to wear something as dangerous as a maid outfit.

But, you finger the collar around your neck. You can’t go out with this on, can you?

Shizuha clears her throat. You turn to find her holding a red and yellow scarf. Stepping toward you, she wraps it around your neck. “There. That should help until we can get you out of it.”

Her dress looks shorter than before, barely getting halfway down her thighs. But you choose not to ask about that, tonight.

Then, shaking just slightly and pulling the scarf close, you leave the house. Walking back down the streets, that small, traitorous part of you still dares to dream of a real, decent life for you. Of safety, comfort, and the presence of someone who genuinely loves you. As much as you try to shove those feelings back down, to remind yourself to stay on your toes, especially around a youkai, small bits of it still bubble back up.

The moment you return to the main thoroughfare, with the gate barely in sight, a hand slides around your left shoulder. Glancing to your right, you find Reimu’s face grinning back. “Let’s get this party started.

Before you can speak, she grabs your hand and drags you through the streets. Your gut lurches, worried about where she’s taking you, but let her lead you. For now.

With candles and paper lanterns the only light left in the air, she guides you down a series of ever smaller roads. Passing the larger, more open establishments, you soon find yourself walled in by tight-packed buildings, a good distance from your house. Idly, you glance between them to find nothing but advertisements for food, materials, and assorted services. Most doors have been shut and lights extinguished by now, though a few remain lit and open. The moment you leave the lingering crowds, you turn back to her.

“You can’t show your face even on a date?”

She sighs. “Anonymity’s what I’m about. It’s just while we’re in public, I promise. Besides,” she grins back you, “you like this girl, don’t you?”

Blushing, you throw your gaze away. “That’s…”

She chuckles. “Don’t worry about it. We’re just fooling around, so just pretend I’m her for a bit, if you want.”

“But… lots of people know her. Why not someone less known?”

She rolls her eyes. “Because you like her, duh. Now come on.” ‘Reimu’ ushers you into a quiet, small bar. Dark, polished wood creaks ever so slightly under your feet as she guides you to the nearest of four small tables. Settling in, she hands you a small paper with a menu scribbled on it, then leans back.

Sitting down across from her, you pick it up and glance through, then flinch. You brought your remaining funds with you, but…

But you hadn’t found another job since the last one you’d gotten yourself fired from. You’re not even sure you’ll be able to find another within the next few weeks, at least without some youkai finding a way to interfere again.

Nue sighs. “I’ll pay this time, okay?”

Slumping in your chair, you nod, a bit sheepishly. “Okay.”

She leans forward and claps your shoulder. “Hey, cheer up. You’ll bore me—” you flinch at the wording “—if you spend all your time moping.”

Still, you shake your head, then give her a somewhat plastered-on smile. As crappy as your funds are, as much as youkai still lurk here and there, you’re back. You should enjoy this.

At least, for as long as it lasts. She grins back, just as a woman approaches, wearing a flowery pink kimono that’s rather loose around the neck.

“Why, if it isn’t the famous masked lady.”

Nue pouts. “Aww… how’d you know?”

The waitress chuckles back. “Ms. Hakurei wouldn’t be caught dead here and you know it. I’d like you to be a bit gentler with the newcomers this time, if you could. And,” she glances your way, “please don’t corrupt this poor lady while you’re here.”

Nue huffs. “Please, I’m just trying to enjoy my date.”

The woman’s eyes flit across the room. There’s a couple young men off in one corner, a single young man off in another. “Has he not appeared yet?”

Nue groans. “It’s her.”

The woman gasps. “A woman? You? What on earth has gotten into you?”

Nue puffs herself up. “You think I care about physical form? Please, I just never found a girl that was interesting enough. Now get us a bottle of sake and some of your special curry, would you?”

“Yes, yes. Right away.”

As the woman departs, you find yourself staring at the table. “I’m… sorry. About that, about… my power, I…”

“Your magic makes women fall for you. Yeah, I know.”

You glance up into Reimu’s glinting eyes, she’s still got a faint smirk on her face. “Then, why…”

“It’s weird and interesting. Besides, I’ve…” She sighs. “Nah. You don’t want to hear that. So, I like to scare people, pull pranks, and have a good time. What do you like to do?”

“I…” You pause, breath shuddering. You’ve spent so much of the past year either hiding, fleeing, or job hunting you’d barely had a chance to relax. “I read, sometimes.”

Her lips twitch upward. “Sappy romances?”

Blushing, you look to the bar. “They’re not sappy. They’re sweet.”

There’s a flicker. Glancing up, you find Reimu gone, replaced by a dark man with smooth hair and a pencil mustache, clad in a fine black kimono, giving you a smooth grin. “I’ll bet you’re looking for some handsome, fine man to invite you back to his mansion, aren’t you?”

You lose focus, staring. Is that… right?

Lately, you’ve found men infinitely less terrifying than women. More than once, you’d fantasized about living your life with them. It would be far more relaxing. And yet, staring at the ‘man’ before you, something about the whole idea feels off.

There’s another shimmer, just before a finger lifts your chin, gently, and guides your eyes back to Reimu’s.

“Marry me, Naoko.”

Your breath catches, your heart fluttering as your throat locks up. ‘Reimu’ lets go, cheeks puffed and shoulders trembling. Small, halting snickers wheeze through her clenched teeth.

Face red, you throw your head to the side.

“Sorry, sorry.” She pats your shoulder. “Look. I—”

She pauses as the waitress approaches and sets the food and sake on your table. Lifting your chopsticks from the plate, you poke at the curry. It looks rather… colorful.

“I’ll make it up to you, I promise.” Your date pauses, then shovels globs of rice, sauce, and peppers into her mouth.

Sighing, you scoop up a bit and take a bite. It’s very… zesty. Zesty and…

You cough as your mouth burns. It’s hot. Your mouth, your tongue, your lips. Everything burns. Nue cackles. Eyes watering, you glare back.

She grins. “Easy, easy. Look, there’s lots of rice on your plate. Just eat some more of that to break the spice up.”

You do just that and, slowly, the fire ebbs.

You clear your throat, then stare her in the eyes. “Spending time together makes my aura worse, you know. I don’t, I don’t want to be…”

“Relax, eat up. Trust me, one night won’t kill me. Or hurt… you? Look, I’ve got this.”

You pause, thinking, then nod. Even if she’s wrong, this might be your only chance to ever enjoy a normal date. The rest of the meal continues in near-silence. She cajoles you into a few drinks, downing quite a bit herself. Then, after a quick exchange with the bartender, she leaves, guiding you out with her.

Giving you a sly glance, she ushers you through the mostly empty roads, until houses and shops give way to smooth, short grass and an odd statue, dimly lit by the waning moon.

‘Reimu’ lets go, jogs up to the statue, then turns around. She clears her throat, then adopts a slightly dour look. “Oh, you’re here.”

You raise a brow as she settles down, sitting in front of the statue. She pats the ground beside her. “Well, if you’re here anyway, you might as well sit down.”

Confused, you sit beside her. She positions her hands over her lap, like she’s holding a cup. Then motions like she’s drinking from it. “You visit me a lot these days, don’t you?”

“I… do?”

“Yes, you do. It’s inconvenient. I should just chase you off and be done with it.”

You flinch. You’ve no idea what’s going on.

“But… I think I’ve grown used to you. So, let’s live together from now on.”

You sit there, uncertain of what to say. Then her form shimmers again, returning to Nue’s choppy black hair, short dress, and freakish wings. Tentacles. Things on her back.

She gives you a grin. “If that shrine maiden ever confessed her love to someone, it would sound something like that.”

You stare into her eyes for a moment, then blink. “Wait, then that was…”

She grins wider. “Hey, if it’s just once, I might as well go all the way, right?” Then the grin fades and she grows contemplative. “So, what do you like about Reimu, anyway?”

You sigh. “You know how my power only affects youkai, right?”

She tilts her head. “I do now.”

“Well, she never has to worry about them, right? She’s so strong. If she were with me, I wouldn’t have to worry about anything, would I?”

Nue chuckles. “Don’t tell anyone, but I almost kicked her ass. She’s damn tough, but not invincible. Don’t forget that.”

“Oh.” You breathe in the evening air. “Still, I wish I had someone as strong as her around.”

She leaps to her feet and, taking a step forward, turns back to you. “Hey, who knows? Maybe someday I’ll save your ass. Again.”

You sigh, content. “Maybe.”

A moment later, she’s gone. Pulling yourself to your feet, you return to your home.
You muscle your way through congested market streets, under the sweltering heat of the noon-day sun. The rustic brown kimono clings to your moist, sweaty skin, just slightly accenting your hips and hinting at your bustline. At least the collar’s gone, now. You clench a small flyer in your hand. It’s been about a week since you returned to the village, and your paltry funds have disappeared. Despite Shizuha’s trepidations, you’re out, looking for work.

After a moment, you reach the small tailoring stall the flyer directed you to. A prim woman sits behind it, wearing blue cotton and a wide-brimmed, straw hat. She takes a glance at you, then smiles. “Why hello there, cutie. What would you like to buy?”

Twitching, just slightly, you hand her the flyer. “You said you were looking for an apprentice. Could I work for you?”

She tilts her head, eyeing you up and down. “Hm. Hmhmhm…”

You shudder but hold firm. You won’t eat if you let your paranoia get to you.

She pulls the dresses and sashes together into a bundle. “Tell you what. How about we go back to my place and…” her eyes slide to your hips, “see how you perform, shall we?”

You wince, then freeze. The moment your eyes close, you feel it. Black waves of lust wash off her, toward you. They pulse outward heavy but slow, suggesting your aura’s built up in her for a while. She’s not human and she’s ready to fuck you.

Breath racing, you shake your head. “I-I-I’m sorry, ma’am. I’ve changed my mind. Goodbye!”

You turn on your heel and run, shoving your way back through the crowds.

“Wait, babe! Please, come back!”

Frantic, you push and shove. Shouts and grunts sound behind you, some from her, some from others. Slowly, as you advance, the sounds grow further away. You pull free from the crowds and break into a full sprint, pounding down dirt roads back to your home. You need to find Shi—

You shake your head as a fierce blush rises, unbidden, to your cheeks. Last night got Aya off your back again for the next few days and proved you could reverse at least some of the aura’s effects. The… humiliation of what came after. Of what you’d pushed Shizuha into…

It was worth it. It was.

You can drain part of your aura’s corruption from others now, but at the cost of your precious, limited magic power, and doing so makes you… your blush returns at just the thought of it, but… it makes you extremely, even desperately horny. Much like back in the mansion, just before Youmu cleansed you.. And clearing away that lust is not much easier than it was back then, either.

You’d apologize to Shizuha, if either of you could bear to bring the topic up.

Reaching your house, you whip the key from inside your kimono and fumble it into the lock. Hands shaking, you poke and prod the key into the lock, waiting to feel that click. After a few tries, you give up and just bang on the door. To your surprise, it shifts under the impact. You give it an experimental push and it slides open. You tumble inside, breathing hard. You gulp, heart racing as you wonder why you’d forgotten to lock it before. Taking only a quick glance around, your breath catches again as your eyes slip past the futon Shizuha had placed beside your own.

A faint footfall hits the floor just behind you, then you hear the door sliding shut. You open your mouth just as a pair of hands slides around your left wrist and claps a padded, metal band around it. You throw yourself backward, slamming your assailant into the closed door. She giggles, in a high, cheery voice that sounds startlingly familiar. Your entire body jerks away, only for hands to tug your bound wrist back by its chain.

Chain?

You spin around, still pulling away from her, to find the chain hanging from another cuff in her hands. Looking up, you find a familiar set of red and blue eyes, framed by light blue hair, above a wide, cheery grin.

Kogasa.

“Boo!”

You yelp, stepping back and wrapping your free hand around your restrained wrist as you tug it backward.

“Ooh, that tastes so good. I’ve been starving until now, you know. How could you just leave me like that?”

Your skin crawls. How? How did she… You’d left her behind at the mansion. Did they just let her go? If they let her go, is that book on the loose, too? Idly, your free hand wanders to your bare neck. You’d only gotten her collar off a few days ago, and now…

You throw your back into pulling your arm away from her, but she just gives you one quick tug, yanking you forward. Given the difference in strength, you’re not even surprised when you bounce off her chest. You breathe in, readying a scream.

“He—!”

She shoves your head into her breasts with one hand and pins your free hand to your back with the other. “There, there. I’ve got you.” Letting go of your head for only a split-second, she clips the band around your other wrist, chaining both close together, behind your back. She then grabs your cheeks and pulls you into a quick kiss.

Pulling back, she grins again.

“We’re finally back together! Now we can have so much fun.”

You whimper, shutting your eyes. She’s… deep under your influence. Deeper than Aya, who you still haven’t been able to fully cure. Even if you tried, you’d still get so, so very…

She thrusts you forward, dropping you into Shizuha’s futon. Oh fuck. You can still smell yourself on it. Breathing fast, you throw your eyes around as she pulls something from her skirt. Another one of those balls, this one purple, with blue straps. She steps toward you.

You back into the wall. “Help! Someone! H-lgh!”

She pulls you back, then presses your head to the futon as she shoves the ball inside. You wiggle, squirming, as she lifts your head and secures the straps around your cheeks, over your head, and even under your chin. She tightens each one, then stands up, grinning back down on you.

You twist, tugging on your cuffs as she clears her throat.

“Yay! I caught back up with you! Now we can finally do all the stuff we’re supposed to.” She drops to her knees, still grinning. “You know how long it’s been since I got to eat your ass? Days. Surprise isn’t the only thing I’m starving for, you know.”

“Hweh. Hweh.” You gulp, hauling yourself into a sitting position just to scoot a little further from her.

She sighs and, leaning down, grabs you by the sides, then hauls you to your feet. She presses a finger to your gag. “Don’t worry, I’ll let you get a taste of mine, too.”

You shrink away from her. “Hwogh! Hwa ihph hih!”

“Shhh. It’s okay now.” She slides a hand to your cheek, then down your neck and over your kimono, rubbing one breast. “Besides, you need some discipline and I need more surprises now.”

You twist and wiggle. She releases her hand, sighing. Then your dresser door slides open and her umbrella floatsout. Its canopy opens, dropping a leather, leashed collar into Kogasa’s waiting palm, then closes up again. You lean away, grunting as she slips the collar around your neck, frowning. “Look at what you’re making me do. Your collar was beautiful but the moment I turn my back, what happens? You go and lose it!” She buckles it closed. “This one wasn’t even for you, you know. It was for one of the girls who stole you away from me.”

She clears her throat, grinning again. “So, I’ve got a plan!” Sliding her hands down the leash, she steps back and gives it a tug. “First, I take you back to my place. You keep abandoning me, so I gotta chain you to my forge. Don’t worry, I already set it up.” She takes another couple steps back and slides the door open. “Actually, you’ve been a really bad girl in general, so I need to be super strict until you learn. Once we get back, it’s 50 spankings. And no clothes until you learn who your adorable, delicious butt belongs to.”

“Hwoh! Hwoh.” You shake your head.

“Keep fighting and I’ll add another ten spankings!” She jerks the leash, forcing you forward. She steps into the doorway when you notice something floating in the air behind her.

“Don’t worry, I’ll comfort you with sex afterward. Anyways…”

She jerks you toward her again. You stumble forward as her smile fades to a pout. “Since you betrayed me, I need to show you how to be a good tool. No speaking, just obeying and fucking. When customers or snoopy girls show up, you go in a box. If you—”

A pair of feet touch the ground outside, just a pace away.

“—try to run away, I ram my other half as far up your pussy as I can go. Understand?”

She stares at you, but you find your eyes drawn to the figure that walks up behind her. Someone tall and full-figured, wearing a pale blue dress. A dark, almost vicious glower lurks under her short and wavy, pink hair. And the frilly, light blue hat atop it.

Yuyuko Saigyouji. You’re… saved?

“Hey! Pay attention when—”

Yuyuko steps just to Kogasa’s side and plants a closed fan under her chin. You twist and squirm, tugging back on the leash as Kogasa turns toward the queen of the dead.

Yuyuko spares you a brief glance, just before her face shifts into a dangerous, angry smile. She then returns to Kogasa. “Leave the maiden alone, tool.”

Kogasa shivers, her hands squeezing the leash. “What? No way! I just caught up to her again! Leave me alone!”

Yuyuko retracts the fan, opening it as she places it over her lips. “Very well.”

Small, pink lights pop into existence, filling the air around you. Butterflies. Those lights are shaped like butterflies.

Kogasa quivers, but holds firm. “I, I can beat you! If-if I have to! You can still give up, you know. I’m super scary when I’m angry!”

“You’ve already done quite enough, umbrella. Now unhand her.”

Kogasa growls, then lets go of the leash. You drop backward, landing on your ass. You gurgle, groaning as more lights appear, this time simple blue orbs that pour from the umbrella. Pulling yourself back up, you step back inside and flip around behind the wall, pressing yourself to it.

You gulp, biting down on the ball between your teeth in anticipation for the first blow.

Alone for the moment, you lean forward and tug at your new cuffs. It takes barely a second or two to realize you won’t get out of them, but you keep pulling.

Soon, small blasts and pops sound from outside, accompanied by the occasional flare of light through your door.

You sigh, gurgling, as you glance down your body. The summer air still burns and now the sweat soaks straight through your kimono, outlining your bust line so well you can see the shape of your bra through it.

Groaning, you slump down, dropping to the floor, just as the sounds die down. That was short. A moment passes and, other than the slight shifting of fabric, you hear nothing. Even that sound soon stops.

You peek through it to find Yuyuko walking toward you, her expression having since softened to a more neutral, almost pitying gaze. Kogasa lies, face-down and limbs sprawled out on the ground around her. Only the faintest rise and fall of her torso suggest she’s even still alive. The waistband of Kogasa’s skirt hangs at a slant, one side exposing just a hint of blue-striped cotton, her vest lies beside her, the blouse looks ruffled.

Yuyuko stops, just in front of you. She beckons you forward. Gulping, you stand and take a step toward her. She pulls a small knife from her dress and tugging your head forward, slides it against your neck.

Then, pressing the blade away from you, she slices the collar off. Next, she slips it under the gag’s straps and, one by one, cuts them from your head. A moment later, the ball drops from your lips and thumps into the dirt below.

Your work your jaw just slightly, then close it. You shift your shoulders again, tugging at your cuffs.

She sighs. “I’m afraid I may have been a little too rough on that girl. She must have left her keys behind and, sadly, I can no longer ask her where they are.”

“Oh.” You swallow. “Is… is there a reason you’re here, Ms. Saigyouji?”

“Oh, I just happened to stop by.” She pauses, clapping her hands together. “This village has some of the best cuisine, you know.”

“There… aren’t any vendors around here, though.”

She sighs, closing the fan and tapping it on her hip. “I was on my way from one to the other, young Honda. Please, worry more about yourself, not little old me.”

You eye her, worried. That’s it? The Netherworld’s queen just drops onto your doorstep to save you from imprisonment and abuse just… because?

You take a glance at the prone woman behind her, then to her eyes. The cuffs clink behind your back as you twist your shoulders.

“I…”

Yuyuko pulls her closed fan out and rests it against her cheek. She stares back, face neutral.

“I don’t know you very well, Ms. Saigyouji. But your presence here is… strange. Why did you choose to save me? And are you not angry about You—”

She clicks her tongue. “What next, Ms. Honda? Do you need to know how old I am? How many pounds I weigh?”

“What? No! I just… I’m worried. Why are you here, right now? Did you really just happen to show up right when…”

Yuyuko frowns, tapping her fan on her palm. “Look, young Honda. A wise, beautiful woman, entrusted with guiding the wayward dead, just saved you from a fate of near-certain slavery and degradation.” Her hands pause and her eyes narrow. “You’re studying my gift-bearing stallion’s dentistry so close you’ll miss the gift.”

You stare back, tilting your head as you rub your cuffs against each other.

She sighs. “I saved your sorry self. Accept it for what it is.”

You start to nod your head, before a thought rises from your past encounter with her. “And… what about the deal? Is Mystia doing okay?”

Yuyuko shrugs. “I did what I could, but she proved… difficult. I haven’t seen her since we parted ways, but I hear she has someone else to look after her now, so I’m sure she’s doing fine.”

“Who are you referring t…”

A quiet, squeaking wheeze sounds to your left, catching both your gazes.

Shizuha stands in the middle of the road, staring at Yuyuko, then Kogasa. A foot of hers shifts back as she returns to studying Yuyuko. She glances your way, then jerks her gaze back to Yuyuko again.

Finally, she clears her throat.

“Why, Ms. Saigyouji. Such a… wonderful surprise. Would you…” She glances your way again.

Her eyes fixate on your shoulders, then slide down your arms. You shrink away, taking a step back into the doorway.

She drops to her knees by Kogasa and, leaning over her, slides her hands up and down the girl’s body. Then she reaches under the girl’s vest, her skirt, her…

Yuyuko clears her throat. You both look up to find… nothing different. Then you hear it. Footsteps and quiet, muttered words. Two or three people are approaching and Shizuha looks like she’s molesting an unconscious woman.

“You girls should go back inside and let me take care of this one.”

Shizuha pulls herself back and turns back to Yuyuko, frowning. “Where’s the key?.”

Yuyuko waves. “I’m afraid I don’t have it, little goddess.”

Shizuha twitches, then shoulders past her, grabs your arm, and drags you through your door.

Once inside, she throws the door shut and nudges you to your table. You sit at it as she throws the dresser open and pulls a small box from it, then shuts it again. Setting the box on the table, she pops it open. It carries a set of tools much like the ones that mouse youkai used, back at the temple.

You would know, as this was how she broke you out of the collar.

She meets your eyes for a second. Then, blushing, she looks aside and twirls a finger in front of you, pointing down. Getting the hint, you turn away from her and set your wrists on the table. The picks slide into a lock on one side, then Shizuha clears her throat.

“Cuffs. Pinky and umbrella. Explain.”

“The lady offering the job was a youkai.”

“That ‘lady’ had better not be the one sprawled out outside.”

“…No. I had to run here, where Kogasa found me. She’s the one on the ground.”

“Kogasa. That’s the bitch’s name, huh?”

Small, quiet clinks sound as she works the lock. “Were the leather ones hers or Pinky’s?”

You lean forward, easing the angle your arms rest at. “Hers. Ms. Saigyouji saved me from her and cut them off.”

“Don’t t—”

“Don’t trust her. I know.” You sigh, sweeping your eyes around the house for somewhere comfortable to look. Somewhere your eyes won’t…

You settle on the door for now. “She’s too calm. Too happy, I think.”

Shizuha snorts. “They’re always happy to see you, Naoko. That’s the problem.”

You shudder. “I don’t think she should be. She’s the one who lent me Youmu.”

“Is she someone I should know?”

“Yes. She’s the swordswoman who saved me from Kogasa in the mansion.”

“Swordswoman, mansion… Oh, the one I found bare-ass naked.”

You cringe, lowering your head. “Yes. Ms. Saigyouji insisted I return her ‘pure’ or something, but Kogasa, she…”

The picks pause. “It’s okay. We’ll… wait, she got fucked, didn’t she?”

“…Yes.”

Shizuha returns to working the cuffs. “Of course, this shit would happen the one day I leave you alone for even an hour or two.”

“Maybe we shouldn’t have…”

There’s a clang as the picks slip. You glance over your shoulder, then flick your gaze back to the door the moment your eyes meet Shizuha’s again.

She huffs and slides them back in. “That’s… No. There was no other… It’s fine. We’ll get out of this again. Just like we did before.”

“When do you think she’ll… take me?”

“She won’t.” Shizuha grumbles. “No one else will, either. We just need to…”

There’s a click, and the left cuff pops open. The picks pull back. Sighing in relief, you pull the wrist free and turn back around to face Shizuha. You then stare at your cuffed wrist, where Shizuha angles the lock up and slides the picks in.

“She knows where we live and so does Saigyouji, now.” She lets out a long, tired groan. “We need to move, Naoko.”

You glance out the window, swallowing. After the many flavors of hell those few days had been, this is what puts a lump in your throat. “They can kick Kogasa out of the village, can’t they?”

“They can. And she can tell other dangerous youkai where you live.”

You shiver. “But she wouldn’t, would she?”

“Other youkai would carry you out of the village. To somewhere she can still— You know what? No, we’re not trusting her to the village. But we have no idea what Saigyouji would do.”

“Oh.” Your eyes leave the window, skipping past Shizuha to return to your wrist. “Is there anywhere else to go, though?”

“Yes! There’s—” Her picks freeze, then resume. “We can figure something out. But neither of us can fight youkai, even of her caliber. You’ve bounced back faster than I thought you would, but you’re not even as good as you were then.”

“Maybe we can just practice a bit?”

“Naoko, please. How much practice do you think we would need? That Saigyouji woman. She’s the one that ‘rules the dead,’ isn’t she? This house can’t shelter us anymore. It’s been broken into once, it’s bound to be broken into again, and as much as I…”

She pauses. You steal a passing glance at her pink face before staring at the ceiling. Another moment or two of clinks and rustles passes, then the second cuff pops free. You pull your wrist free as Shizuha tucks both cuffs away.

“Naoko, look.”

She points to a spot near the doorway, where a small black critter lurks at the base of the wall. “A damn roach even slipped in. Face it, it’s time to move on.”

I breathe in, then out, slow and measured. “Okay. But then, where?”

“Have you two tried the Hakurei Shrine? I hear it’s lovely this time of year.”

You both freeze. Yuyuko floats in the air, halfway through your open doorway, carrying Kogasa in her arms. Did you… did you leave it open?

Shizuha growls. “That shrine? Are you joking?”

“Oh, nothing of the sort.” Yuyuko steps down and, dumping Kogasa on that futon, opens her fan. Placing it over her mouth, she continues. “A few horny locals are nothing if you convince the shrine maiden to protect you.”

Shizuha flinches, shooting a nervous look toward Kogasa’s body. She clears her throat. “I couldn’t convince her to protect an anthill. There’s no w—”

“You should really try. Nothing short of drastic measures could save you now.”

“I don’t think that’s—”

“That reporter’s not going to leave you alone either, you know. Not someone as useful as you.”

Shizuha hisses, taking her eyes off Kogasa for a moment. “She’ll give us a damn day. Naoko needs to rest at least that long before we even think of—”

“Oh? You’ll stop her?”

“I…”

Kogasa stirs, making both you and Shizuha nearly jump.

“And what about those vampires? They’re quite upset with you. You were right about the umbrella, by the way. She’ll bring all kinds of trouble if she knows where you live. Then there’s that sparrow and firefly.”

You clear your throat. “The sparrow you lost?”

“Oh, hush, dear. Wherever she is, she still wants your tender clam.”

Your left hand, on instinct, slides down your gut and rubs your thigh.

“Oh, don’t forget about that temple you visited. I shudder to think how many innocent girls your gift has… dirtied since you showed up. And worst of all. You never delivered on that favor the goddess of obstruction wanted.”

“Goddess of obstruction?”

“Okina Matara.”

You shrink down. “Oh. She never called it in.”

Yuyuko chuckles. “That’s the worst part, you know. You have no hope of hiding from her when she wants it, and she’ll want something terrible. Trust me.”

You sit back up and stare into Yuyuko’s eyes. “Is there any reason you’re not on that list, Ms. Saigyouji?”

Yuyuko’s eyes flutter. “Oh? Do you think I should be?”

Your eyes narrow. “What do you mean?”

“Why, I can’t understand why you’d want more trouble. But if you need it, I’m sure I could find a way to…”

Her eyes slide to the futons. You and Shizuha both look away. She chuckles. “You have many debts, young Honda. Perhaps you should spend a little more time cleaning your ledger, hm?”

“Ledger?”

“You’ll find less trouble if fewer women feel you owe them.”

Shizuha groans. “Owe them sex, you mean.”

Yuyuko giggles. “Oh, it’s much worse than that. I dare say she’ll wish they wanted mere sex if she fails to address her troubles. Why, it’s only another two weeks or so until the next full moon, isn’t it?”

You look up. “What do you mean?”

“The wolf girl, obviously. She’s contrite now, but if you ever let her return to that state, then…” She trails off, smiling.

Kagerou. You gulp. She’d found you a day or two after you returned to the village. You’d mollified her with a rather profuse apology for failing to meet her once you’d returned to safety. But she still left upset. If the full moon returned, while she was still angry, then…

She promised she wouldn’t, but you’ve seen your effects on other youkai and you’re much less convinced of her resolve than she is.

“So, young ladies, what will you do now?”

“I don’t recall inviting you in.”

Yuyuko sighs, then takes a couple steps backward, into the doorway. “Please, let me know what you’ll do.”

“Wait.” You glance between Yuyuko and Kogasa, trembling at the thought of being left behind with that umbrella again. “We’re… almost done. You can stay for a moment or two.”

Shizuha takes a sharp breath. “Fine.” You glance at the cuffs tucked in her hand, just as she stands up. “Let’s take care of that bitch, then figure out where we’ll move to.”

Shizuha drops to a squat over Kogasa, wincing as she approaches the futon. She rolls Kogasa onto her front and pulls the girl’s hands behind her back. She snaps a cuff around one wrist, then the other. She gives the chain a quick tug, testing the cuffs’s strength. Then, stepping back, Shizuha drags her off the futon and turns to you.

You turn to watch the door when she does. Yuyuko’s still in the doorway, now watching Kogasa.

Shizuha grunts, setting Kogasa in the middle of the floor. “We need somewhere to keep her.”

Yuyuko fans herself. “Oh, don’t worry. I’ll be happy to take her off your hands.”

Shizuha twitches, her head lurching back to stare at Yuyuko.

You glance back down on Kogasa. She said she’d chain you to her wall. So she likely has something there you could chain her to instead, giving you a secure target to properly test your refined power on. You just need to interrogate Kogasa to learn where it is. But you also need to get stronger. And Shizuha’s right - you need to move somewhere else. You can’t stay in the village unless you manage to find a job, but if you drained the corruption from some of the less terrifying youkai, you might just find somewhere else to hole up, at least for a while. 
You grunt and nudge Kogasa’s prone body with your foot. “Get up.”

She stirs and mumbles but remains prone. You drop to your knees and, pressing a hand to her shoulder, shake her.

“Get up.”

She groans and shifts her weight.

Shizuha steps beside her and slams a foot into her shoulder. She yelps.

“Hey, what gives?” Kogasa’s chain clinks as she pulls it taut again. “How did- Huh?” She yanks her arms out, again and again. “Wait, this… this is…” She twists her torso around.

You press your foot to her side, then using it, roll her onto her back. She yelps again, shutting her eyes. “No. Stop. This isn’t what I imagined at all…” She peeks an eye open, then stares up at you, sheepish. “Oh, uh… hi, Naoko. You’re not, not uh, upset about the stuff with your ass, are you?”

You inhale, sharp and tense. Really, that was a question? You press your foot into her gut and grind. She wheezes. “Okay, okay! No butt stuff. Got it.”

You pull your foot back and lean down, glaring. She pouts back, giving you visions of chains, Youmu’s pain, and battered flesh.

You glance away, wincing, then clear your throat. “Where’s your forge?”

Shizuha inhales, sharp and tense. “Why the hell do you want to go there?”

You open your eyes to find Yuyuko walking away, then fix your gaze on Kogasa’s arms. So far, they remain bound behind her.

“We need her equipment and somewhere more secluded to work, before anyone else decides to show up.”

“Hey! Stay away from that! You’ll mess it all up!”

Shizuha growls and drives her heel into your captive’s crotch. “You’ve done enough pushing her around, tool.”

Your… captive. Kogasa’s your captive, she’s…

Well, she’s wheezing right now. “Okay, fine. I’ll let you in. But don’t touch anything!”

“Good enough.” Shizuha leans down and, gripping Kogasa’s arm, hauls her up to her feet. Kogasa’s chain clinks.

“Hey, did you lock these the right way? They feel weird.”

Shizuha hisses and jerks Kogasa arm. “Just shut up and walk.”

“But if you didn’t push it in all the way, the mechanism will-”

Shizuha snaps her hand around one wrist and yanks on the mechanism, clicking it. Then does the other.

“Hm. I’m not sure if that’s en…”

Shizuha twists Kogasa’s arm. “Shut. Up.”

Kogasa squeals. “Owowow! Okay, fine!”

Shizuha glances back your way, frowning. “You’d better know what you’re doing.” You swallow and follow her through your door.

You take one last glance around your empty home, praying you’ll get a chance to return. “I hope so.”

Shizuha shoves Kogasa into the dazzling sunlight of high noon. You squint under the burning heat of the sun’s glare as you step out behind her. She marches Kogasa down the road, back toward the thoroughfare to the gate.

You get the nagging feeling you forgot something back at the house, but you struggle to tear your mind away from the experimental tugs Kogasa keeps giving her cuffs. Did she give them some secret escape mechanism?

She’s not going to break out and bind you again, is she? Shizuha grips her shoulders awfully tight, too. Is she worrying about the same thing?

The three of you wind through small streets and back alleys. Soon, you find a young man in a doorway, an old woman sipping tea by her front door, a younger woman walking your way.

Your breath hitches, your heart pounds. Shizuha marches just slightly to Kogasa’s right, so you stride up to her left. You slide your right arm around Kogasa’s back, over her wrists, to land on her right hip. Shizuha twitches at your presence but keeps walking. You plaster on a neutral smile, hoping to look natural. You’re almost there.

“Heya, people! How are you doing?”

You and Shizuha flinch at Kogasa’s outburst.

The young man sighs and disappears inside. The old woman scowls. “I’m tryin’ to enjoy my tea, young lady. Pipe down.”

Kogasa hangs her head. Then she yelps as Shizuha pinches her side.

Shizuha leans toward Kogasa’s ear. “Unless you want everyone to know what you’ve done to Naoko, you’ll keep your damn mouth shut, understand?”

Slumping, Kogasa nods.

You frown, looking down as you pass by the younger woman. Control and confidence aren’t your strong suit, but you have some practice in misdirection, thanks to a long list of horny predators and would-be predators. Then you break out into the thoroughfare.

Your chest quivers in short, shallow breaths as find yourself back among the throng of merchants, travelers, and socialites, but you hold the rest of your body steady. Yuyuko sits just outside a nearby food stall, munching on dango. You return your eyes to the crowds around you. Sweat pours down your chin, but it takes you only seconds to approach the gate.

…The gate. It’s too late to try to fly out, so you’ll need to go through there. While the authorities know of Kogasa’s past misdeeds, they don’t take kindly to lowly villagers taking these things into their own hands.

Still, between you, Shizuha, and Kogasa’s twitchy but otherwise cheery demeanor, you might just…

The guards glance you over. Nervous, you shift your right shoulder and smile. Kogasa smiles too, somehow even less sure than you are. Shizuha doesn’t wait for a response and brushes past them. You offer them an apologetic smile, uncertain of what to say. You get a largely indifferent shrug in response.

You walk into the shadowed interior of the gatehouse, then through the outer door and back outside.

Shizuha keeps going as you listen close for signs of alarm or annoyance.

You hear a quiet, idle murmur or two, nothing more.

You march down the road, putting distance between yourself and the walls. Only as the sound of chatter fades from your ears do you let out a loud, relieved sigh. Then you glance around, uncertain of where to go.

Shizuha, too, glances around in uncertainty.

You clear your throat. “Alright, captive, where is it?”

“That way!”

You glance to Kogasa. She blinks back, her chain clinking as she wiggles her shoulders.

You squeeze out an exasperated sigh.

Shizuha groans, then steps back and claps Kogasa’s shoulder. “You know where it is. Walk toward it.”

“Uh, okay.”

She shuffles down the road. You follow close behind, gripping her left arm tight. After a few minutes, she leaves the main road and heads into the woods, down a side path. Then you find it, a cozy wooden structure with its roof hanging over a fenced-in plot. On the left, you find a furnace, small table, and a trowel. On the right, a door into the building proper.

No tools, restraints, or other loose objects. There’s a small storehouse just behind the building, where she most likely keeps those.

Kogasa lurches forward, breaking free of both your hands to skip through the plot and to her door. You both sprint after her, catching back up just as she jerks her right arm forward, then sighs.

Shizuha throws the door open, then shoves Kogasa inside. You both step in afterward.

She’s got a cozy futon in the far-right corner. In front of which is a wooden panel with a trio of suspicious holes in it, held aloft on a pair of metal poles.

In the middle of the room, you find a low table. Sitting on that table, you find a metal ring with a pair of leather straps, next to a metal bar with similar straps. Then, taking up the left third of the house is…

A cage. With an open door and a futon in it.

A cage.

Shivering, you glance to Shizuha, who glares at Kogasa.

Small, strange loops litter the bars, too. And in front of the cage, along the wall, you find a soft blue cushion sitting atop a crate, next to a heavy chest. Atop that cushioned crate rests a pair of smooth metal cuffs and a familiar, leather-strapped metal panel with your name on it.

The gag she’d first used, back at the mansion.

Kogasa spins around to both of you. “So, uh… what did you wanna do?” She wiggles her shoulders, her thighs rubbing together. “Anything, uh… sexy?”

Shizuha glares at her. “Hell no. Naoko’s…” She clears her throat, visibly flustered, then turns to you. “Just what was your big idea, anyway?”

You face Kogasa, swallowing hard. You’re really doing this? You’re going to confine her, possibly torment her, just for a little more knowledge and better chance at your own freedom? You’re not really here just for revenge, are you?

Her eyes wander down your body, lingering on your breasts before landing on your crotch. You shift one foot a hair back, spine tingling. She’s not… she can’t…

Can she?

You shake your head. You can do this. You can do this! You need to do this. To protect yourself from her, if nothing else. You did it with Mystia and you can do it again. You can. You-

Kogasa hums, her chain clinking again. “So, uh… would you feel better if I got you some tea?”

Shizuha hisses. “Get in the cage, umbrella.”

“What? I made that for Naoko, not myself! I’ll offend it!”

You take another step back, will cracking. You-

No. No, no, no. This might be your best chance to seize any lasting freedom or control. If you don’t seize it now, you…

You swallow and harden your eyes. “You’re not the one in control anymore.” You march to Kogasa’s left, grab her arm, and haul her-

You stop a step past her, your arm stretched out to hold hers. You tug, squeezing her slender but firm muscles. She digs her heels in, leaning forward, away from you.

“No! I’m not going in!”

You turn around, grabbing the same arm with your other hand and pull. She stumbles slightly but holds you back. You heave backward.

Shizuha grabs her other arm and, together, you knock her off her feet, then drag her backward. She kicks and bucks, but with one final heave, the two of you throw her inside.

She tumbles to the carpeted floor as you both step outside.

You both slam the door shut and Shizuha clicks a lock where it meets the rest of the bars.

“Hey! No fair!” You turn to look through the bars at Kogasa’s pouting face. “C’mon, at least punish me sexily! I’m really good, I promise, just give me a chance!.”

Shizuha exhales, sharp and brittle. “Naoko, excuse me for a moment, would you?”

“Sure.”

Shizuha beelines to the chest by cushioned crate and the… and that damn gag.

Kogasa sighs. “Maybe you could torment me with your pussy? Or your breasts? I swear I’ll be good if you-”

Shizuha screeches, rooting through the chest. “Shut up about her damn body!”

Kogasa lowers her voice. “Maybe you could assault my body?”

You grunt. “Where’s the cage’s key?”

“…I left it on the table.”

What? No, you’d checked there. You step to the table and look again. Nothing. Confused, you walk around it, then find a small silver key laying on the wooden floor beside it. Pick the key up, you turn and march back…

Shizuha pulls her head from the chest. “Grab the bit gag while you’re there, would you?”

“The what?”

“The one with the bar?”

You glance back at the table, snap the bar from it, and walk back toward the cage.

Shizuha joins you, carrying a couple chains and a few padlocks. “Where’s the-”

You lift the key up.

“Oh. Alright, let’s get that door open.”

You move the key to its lock, then pause. Kogasa’s cuffed, but she’s strong. At least, compared to you. If you give her a chance to get back…

You shake your head. No. Confidence. That’s the only way you’re getting through this. Hands shaking, you slip the key inside and twist, clicking the lock.

The door swings open.

Kogasa shrinks back. “C’mon, guys. Don’t-”

Shizuha marches around behind her. “Hold still, tool.”

Kogasa shivers. “I’ll behave, I promise. Just don’t make m-”

Shizuha grabs her wrists and jerks them upward. Kogasa squeals. Shizuha hooks a lock through the middle of the chain between her wrists, then through the tip of her own chain. She clicks it shut.

“I… I’ll be good, I sw-RGH!”

Shizuha jerks her hands up again as she drags the other end of the chain to the cage’s ceiling and uses another padlock to fix it in place.

Kogasa grunts and strains, bending over at nearly a right angle as the chain pulls her arms rigid, over her back.

“What did you do? Why? That’s a really cool-ow!” She pauses, then takes a half-step backward, easing the pressure on her arms. “Come on, let me go!”

Sweating and twitching, Shizuha snatches the gag from the ground and walks toward Kogasa. She lifts the gag toward Kogasa’s straining face.

She groans. “Oh, come on! At least gag me with something that wasn’t made for Naoko!”

Shizuha cocks a brow. “Oh, you want the ring gag, then?”

“Uh, well, I made that one for you, so…”

Shizuha glowers, then hands the gag back to you and swings herself up around Kogasa’s back to land, sitting, on her straining, taut arms.

“OW! Get off. That hurts.”

She grabs Kogasa’s face and holds it still. “Just as soon as your obscene mouth is locked.”

Shizuha glances your way, then nods downward. She wants you to get Kogasa’s mouth open.

Wearing a somewhat twitchy, disbelieving grin, you step up and press the bar to her lips. Unused to the raw aggression Shizuha’s capable of, you fall back on what you’re more used to and stare into her eyes. “Open up, take it in, and the pain will go away.”

Kogasa’s lip quivers, her eyes moist as she stares into you. Then she opens her jaw and you slide the bar inside. Shizuha snaps up the straps and buckles them tight, then jumps off.

She pats Kogasa’s shaking shoulder. “Alright, she’s all yours. Now what’s the plan?”

“I need to run some experiments.”

Kogasa gulps. “Ehwihiwe?”

Shizuha’s eyes fall flat. “Experiment? How would that help?”

“I’m getting better with my aura, hopefully, if I learn how to use it-”

“Naoko, that aura’s a liability, not an asset. There’s better ways to improve.”

You take a slow, sharp breath in through your nose. “I could have dozens of youkai under my aura. We won’t be able to fight all of them off, now matter how powerful either of us get.. If I don’t…”

“Naoko, there’s nothing to learn. Trust me, this is just going to fuck you over.”

“Like Aya would have, had I not learned how to drain it?”

Shizuha’s face flares bright red. Why she’s so emb… Oh, right. Last night. Your own face burns at that thought and both of you throw your gazes away from one another.

Shizuha clears her throat. “Fine. Do what you have to do… b-but come outside when you’re done. I’m not… uh, urgh. I’m just… not sticking around for this.”

You nod. “Okay.”

Shizuha marches out and you turn back to Kogasa. The bar stretches her lips back, but she tries to smile, disarmingly, through it.

“Hwo ehe ah he, ahe?”

You harden your trembling face. You can… You’re not sure what you can do, just yet. You step closer to her. She leans forward on her tiptoes, her face nearing your crotch.

“Ahf?”

You frown, pausing a moment. This is… strange. Just what do you do here? What should you do here? What if Shizuha’s right, and the moment you start experimenting, she breaks out and rapes you again? Needing certainty, you place your hands along her sides. Then, slowly, you slide them down to her breasts, cupping them beneath her.

She wiggles, mewling just slightly.

You let go, then bring your right-hand crashing across one breast. She yelps, twisting her body away. Then screams as the attempt pulls her arms tighter.

With the other hand, you strike her other breast. She yelps again, slightly stiller.

She twists and shuffles but does nothing to fight you.

A nervous, heady chuckle escapes your throat. You can do this. You can finally do this.

You walk around her. She starts awkwardly rotating with you, so you plant a hand on her arms, pressing down.

She screeches, then stops.

You slide a hand along her ass, then stop just behind her. You give a whack hard enough to sting your hand.

She jerks forward, then, screeching as her arms are yanked again, shuffles back. You lean forward, sliding your right hand around her side, between her legs. She’d fucked you, beaten you to a tender pulp, and lowered you to less than the cuffs and collar she’d forced you into. But that’s all over now. You have her. You control her. You giggle as you press your hand into the folds of her skirt, cupping her crotch.

The one she’d forced onto yours, that awful night.

You dance your fingers on it. She wiggles her hips.

“You want me here?”

“Iwh whahe hawe hu ahf.”

Your left hand delivers a light strike to her ass. She whimpers.

“Yes or no?”

She nods her head.

“Good.” You withdraw your hand and step back. “Good. Then just admit to your crimes and beg forgiveness. Tell me just how badly you’ve fucked up.”

She squirms. “Iwh hwuhe hph whahe hu…”

…Oh, right. This is far too complex to get through the gag. So… what now? Do you just admit you fucked up and take the gag back off? Do you pretend you understood her and skip past this?

No. You need this. You desperately need this.

You walk around in front of her. She cocks an eyebrow, questioning.

You force a cocky grin. “Good effort, tool.”

She smiles. What?

No, you shake your head and reach your arms around her head. Unbuckling the gag, you peel it off, popping the bar free of her teeth.

“Now, try again.”

Kogasa blinks, then frowns. “I’m sorry, okay? Your ass was just so-”

You plant a finger to her lips. She pauses.

You pull the finger back. “What are you sorry for?”

She looks up at you, confused but contrite. “I’m… sorry I brought the mint girl in. I thought she felt left out, I swear!”

You frown.

She glances aside, shifting her arms. “And, and… I’m sorry I uh… raped you, I guess.”

You glare.

She squirms. “And, and… I didn’t ask you what restraints you wanted! And-”

You jam the bar back in her mouth. She gurgles, then pushes it back out. “Wait, Naoko, I can st-”

You growl. Grabbing a fistful of her hair, you yank upward. She hisses, wincing.

“You can eat the damn bar.”

Shaking, she nods. You let go and press the bar back to her mouth. She parts her teeth and lets you slide it back behind them.

You buckle it back up, muscles tense and gut twisting.

What now? Does the aura really twist their perceptions this badly? No, that can’t be.

If Shizuha can fight it off for as long as she has, then there’s more going on here than raw corruption. You’d come here to experiment and it’s time to begin.

You start with the simple thing. The thing you’d learned back at the youkai temple. You close your eyes and draw on your dark, dripping power. Kogasa’s lust already overflows from her, twisting and stretching out toward you, creeping around and down your back. You shake your head and push the energy out, into her. She squeals and groans.

Your eyes nearly fly open in shock. You feel like you’re pressing a small stream into a mighty, overbearing lake. But you keep pressing and, slowly, some traces trickle into her. You feel yourself calm slightly as it does, and you feel something drawing you toward her. Her chains rattle, her legs shift. You keep pushing until every ounce just starts flowing back to you. She stares back, squirming and tugging on the chains.

“Haohu! Haohu! Ahf! Haohu ahf!”

Then they start to creak. She tugs harder, leading to more creaking. Nervous, you shut your eyes again and draw it back. But the sheer weight of that lustful lake crashes through the resulting breach and cascades into you. In seconds, the creaking stops and even the clinks and clatters die down. But your own body, especially your crotch and gut, starts to burn.

When you open your eyes once more, you barely notice the chains, the confused eyes, or the way her feet shuffle. All you see are the clothed breasts hanging down, or the way her butt wiggles under that short skirt. Your breath comes short and shallow, your body shivers.

You need to fuck her. Now. But… you can’t do that when she’s like this, you nee-

No, wait. Her head’s at about the right level. If you removed that gag, undid your kimono, ripped your panties off, you could…

No! You can’t. Focus! You need to beat…

Your hands wander to your crotch. Her eyes follow them.

It wouldn’t kill you to give her another sample of your ass, if she gave your pussy enough love first, right?

You shake your head and slam your fist into your gut. This isn’t working. Shutting your eyes, you find those hanging breasts filling your mind. You grit your teeth and shove the aura back into Kogasa. As you do so, you feel pieces of your thoughts break apart and flow into the stream you’re pushing out. This stream flows readily into her for only a split-second before that resistance returns. Once the sex-drenched fog clears from your mind, you cap it off.

When you finally open them, you find Kogasa’s eyes sliding to your chest. She stares at it, like a… puzzle. Her head tilts, her face flushes. Something different’s happening. She’s even drooling, but that may just be the gag.

Shizuha clears her throat.

You jump, then turn to find her frowning back from just outside the cage, alongside the Yuyuko.

Yuyuko smiles. “Oh, my. I’ve heard such horrid tales of how this woman’s treated you. Are you not going to instruct her on the proper way to treat others?”

“When did you…”

Shizuha grunts, looking away. “Just now. I couldn’t stop her from barging in.”

“Oh, dear. That’s quite the position you’ve placed her in, but are you sure there isn’t more you could be doing to her?”

Shizuha groans. “We have better things to do. Are you done yet?”

“Of course she’s not, dear. She has a brute to punish.”

“Ihph ho he hwuh!”

Yuyuko glances to Kogasa. “Yes, I’m afraid you are.” She then returns to you. “Now, be a dear and add some retribution for her treatment of my gardener, would you?”

Yuyuko smiles, with a hint of… something behind it. Something unpleasant. Shizuha stares at the wall, visibly tense, even strained.

The thought of further tormenting Kogasa sounds delicious, but trusting Yuyuko’s a bad idea. You might be able to learn something if you play along, but you’d be playing with fire. Besides, your current power depends largely on Shizuha and you’d rather not push her before you have any backup source.

On the other hand, you’ve barely learned anything yet. You think the aura can do something when you push it into someone just right, something to do with your mind, but what?

And more importantly, how could you use it? Kogasa’s obsessed with your ass. Should you try to play on that, or against it? If you had someone less corrupted, could you use them as a vessel of sorts, for your aura? 
“Sorry, Shizuha. I’m not done yet.”

She just stares back, gaze flat.

Yuyuko giggles. “Excellent. Now,” she levels her gaze on you, eyes firm, “how shall we begin.”

You take a step back but keep your brow level and eyes focused. “I’m not torturing her, either.”

Kogasa gasps, her voice chipper. “Whewe?”

Yuyuko tuts. “Ms. Honda, you may wish to reconsider your choice.”

You flinch. You also shake your head. “I’m sorry, Ms. Yuyuko. I need to do something else right now.”

She frowns, lips flattening out into a thin line. “Do be careful, Naoko, lest great…” She pauses, glancing out the window. All you see are a couple flies buzzing outside. She hums, eyes narrow. Huffing, she turns on her heel, casting one last glance your way. “I would hate to witness what misfortune may befall you.” She then strides out of the house.

Shizuha turns as well, but glances back your way. She exhales. “Please, Naoko. Don’t focus too much on this. There are better things to do.”

You glance away. “I’ll be out as soon as I can, I promise.”

She sighs, opens her mouth, then shuts it. She walks out, the swish of her orange dress the last thing you see before she’s gone. The door slides shut behind her.

Now it’s just you and a restrained, somewhat crazed youkai.

You return to Kogasa. She gnaws on the bar between her teeth, pouting up at you. Wrists shaking, she twists her shoulders and lifts her neck.

Now what? You can push your aura into her. You can pull it back out. And… something happened the last time you pushed it in. A… thought. A thought of yours flowed into her. So, you should…

You pace around her. Her legs now shake, possibly straining to hold her body’s weight so long in that awkward position.

Her shoulders shift. She stays in place now, but her eyes follow your every move. When they can, at least.

Is there a way to use this to keep her from wanting your body? You’d have to redirect her lust, somehow, but where? If you could just, for once in your goddamn life, get her interested in someone else…

Someone else. Could that work? Just picture someone like, say… who? Yuyuko? Shizuha? No. Bad idea. You need someone else, someone like… that other girl who first raped you? Her accomplice, that first night. If this works, Kagerou may well hate you in earnest. But she never did get her chance to properly pay you back for that night.

Breathing in, you close your eyes and feel out Kogasa’s corruption. Small tendrils now snake further up than they did before, toward your bust.

You pull.

Once more, that lust crashes through you, making your heart pound and your thighs quake. Breath catching, you hiss and push through the thoughts of sweat and shapely flesh to focus on the image of a single predatory grin, wild brown mane, and dog ears. Struggling to keep focus on that, rather than the lightly furred, curvaceous body underneath, you shove the lust back.

You find yourself staggering slightly, feet inching closer to her as the thought dissolves. A hand of yours runs through her hair, nudging her head toward you.

The need drains away and you stagger backward, opening your eyes. Kogasa stares at you, face flushed.

And… now what?

You close your eyes again, feeling her. The upper tendrils are gone and there’s a barely perceptible shift in the aura’s texture, but that’s it. You can’t read it.

Opening back up, you clear your throat.

Then spot the bar in her mouth. Grumbling, you reach around her head, unbuckle it and lower it from her lips. You pull it back, dangling it over the carpet by its buckle.

She looks up at you, hopeful.

You stare down at her, stern. “What do you… want?”

She blinks, panting. “I want you to fuck me.”

You raise a brow. Not to free her? Is she just prioritizing, or is there something else there?

“Is there anything else you want?”

She frowns. “I want you to start using my tools correctly.”

“Besides that. Anything else that’s, uh… sexual?”

“That’s really important!” She sighs, then stares at her feet, shivering. “Um, um… Well, I guess our first night together was really hot. If, if you…” She pauses, face red. “You, you know. If you wanted to, maybe, do something like that again?.”

You groan. That’s it? You give her Kagerou and she picks out the worst possible interpretation of that? What’s wrong? She at least glanced at your breasts, didn’t she? Does the aura only work if it’s fucking you over? Is it… would it work better if Kagerou was here, with you?

But… you glance around the house. It’s just the two of you. You’ve got no way to test this. Unless…

“Excuse me.” You press the bar back between her teeth.

Kogasa pouts but doesn’t otherwise resist. Jamming it back in, you buckle it tight and rise to your feet. Striding out through the cage door, into the main part of the house, you look across it from the cushioned crate to the far wall. Bed, gags, cuffs, strange three-holed post. Trying to play with any of them would no doubt just make her want to use them on you. And given her behavior so far, she probably wants that anyway. You need something else.

Your eyes drift to the chest next to that cushioned box. Walking to it, you drop to your knees and throw it open. Small walls divide the contents, revealing chains, bars, and cuffs on one side, a single, shiny blue cock on the other. Atop a small pile of black leather.

You snag the cock and rush back into the cage. It’s not a person, but it’s the best you’ve got.

Kogasa’s arms now twitch. She winces, hanging her head as her legs shake. You glance back at the toy cock.

To test your idea, you need her capable of riding it herself. Both her hands and her hips are too restricted to do anything with. Grumbling, you drop the cock on the cage floor and glance back through the main room. Key, key, key. Where did Shizuha…

There, back on the table.

You rush out, grab it, and rush back in.

Kogasa’s dress clings to her smooth, curving body. Her sweat drips off her chin, her breasts shifting as she twists her shoulders and shifts her feet. Drool drips from the bar, down her chin, to the carpet just before your sandals. Swallowing, you kneel in front of her, smiling.

She stares back, hopeful.

You hold the key in front of her. “You don’t want to keep hanging like that, do you?”

She shakes her head. “Hwo Hweh.”

“Good.” You stand back up. “Then, don’t move, okay?”

She nods.

You step around behind her, reach up, and grab the lock her chain hangs from. Gingerly, you insert the key and twist. The lock pops open and you rip it away. Kogasa’s arms fall to her back, followed by a loud, garbled sigh of relief.

Then a yelp, as you grab that tip of the chain and drag it toward a wall.

“Hwh! Hweh wehrh wu uhwih?”

“Be quiet, will you?” You pull the chain down toward one of those holes attached to the cage walls, set in close to the floor. Kogasa twists, cracking your focus as you yank her chain back. You fumble with the lock, shoving the front end of the u-shape through that hole. Then you pause. Something’s off. How did Shizuha do this? She… you shove the lock through the chain’s end, then snap it shut. Kogasa tugs again, pulling half-heartedly at the lock. The chains clink and ring, nothing more. Sighing in relief, you take a step back and stare Kogasa down.

She sags into the floor. She’s… trying to frown, probably. She kneels against the wall, arms now held close to her back.

You drop the toy between the two of you and kneel in front of her as you close your eyes. Still reaching, still clinging, you draw the aura back in, biting down as the need returns. And as breasts, pussies, and asses fill your mind. Kogasa, Kagerou, Wriggle… Youmu? Shizuha? You shake your head, gripping Kogasa’s shoulders to concentrate. Your hands, in nearly an instant, slide down to cup her hefty breasts through her moist vest.

She squeals, but you don’t care.

Clenching your brow tight, you focus on the toy cock and shove that thought back into her along with the corruption. She gasps and your lucidity returns.

Those tendrils now reach toward the toy. Letting go, you peel your eyes open. Flushing, she sends fleeting glances between the toy and you. Did it… did it work? Hands shaking, you grab the toy. She stares.

You inhale. “Ass up.”

She lifts her crotch. Reaching between her legs, you set the toy back down, facing up, directly under her crotch. Then you pause.

She’s still wearing panties. Face hot, breath shaking, you bring your hands out and around the outside of her hips. Reaching under her skirt, you grip the panties and slide them down, stretching them out a bit to make room for what she’ll do next.

Then you step back and wait. She stares at you, blushing. Her hips wiggle a little. But she otherwise holds still.

You give her another moment. Nothing happens. She still stares back, not questioning, but expectant.

Muscles tightening, fists clenching, you hiss. Then you lean forward and undo the gag once more, buckling it around her neck this time.

“What?”

She glances between you and her legs. “Aren’t you… aren’t you going to fuck me with that?”

“Why would…” Oh. God damn it! “You want that, don’t you?”

“Yeah. Is that wrong?”

Now you bite back a scream.

She… she gives you puppy dog eyes. “Please? Please, please please fuck me with…”

You tune her out. That was your last idea. What else could you try to do? Make her want to obey you? As if that’s ever worked out?

You pinch your forehead, exhaling long and slow. Shizuha was right. The aura’s useless, capable only of making your life worse. Your only hope is to pray no one powerful shows up before you and Shizuha can handle them. If you’ll ever be capable of that. And what about Yuyuko? She’s hiding something, and given your history with youkai…

You stare at Kogasa. She stares back.

This is the grand heights of your aura’s possibilities? It’s ready and willing to fuck you over. To drag you, kicking and screaming, into rape, humiliation, and bondage. But the moment you want anything from it, you get this? Just another youkai, stronger than you, with weird kinks she didn’t have before?

Which, given half a chance, she’ll try to use on you. This…

You suck in air, shoulders trembling.

“Um, Naoko. If… if it helps you get back in the mood, I’m sor—”

No. No. Fuck this. This can’t be all it has. Breathing hard, you clench your eyes shut and suck that aura back in. The need still comes. Kogasa’s body once more cries out for you to fuck it. Those juicy, round breasts, those healthy thighs… Were you just built to serve those things this whole time? Your heart pounds, you blink, again and again. Fuck it, just fuck it all.

You lurch forward, pressing your lips to hers. Out of any original ideas, you think of the damn toy again. Maybe you just need more power. Shoving your tongue down her throat, you rip more of the corruption from her. It comes faster this time, crashing through you before it begins to slide off and back into her. But you keep pulling anyway. You roll your lips as her own tongue only begins to shift.

You wait still longer, pressing your tongue to the sides of hers, pushing it into motion.

She pushes back, alongside your tongue and through your lips, moaning. You bat the tongue aside and jam that corruption back to her, thinking hard on that toy. The lust floods back out, crashing into her. The thought of that toy falls into the stream as the others did, travelling down the clearest path you’ve ever seen. The corruption penetrates to her core.

Tired, lust fading, you fall back, tongue lolling from your lips as the wet strand of drool between you snaps.

Still breathing hard, you glance back at Kogasa.

She’s still flushed, but her eyes travel back between her legs. She giggles, almost disbelieving. “Oh. So, that’s what you… what you wanted.”

Slowly, she lowers herself down, pressing her pussy to the blue cock.

“Well, if it’s for you…”

You get barely a glance of her lower lips parting before her skirt falls over the scene, obscuring it. Her crotch slows, squelching as it grinds its way down.

“Ooh… Naoko.”

You shudder, but the chains keep her affixed to the wall.

Flesh squishes around… whatever that cock’s made of. Inch by inch, her hips slide down until they hit the floor. Then she sits there, shivering and smiling back up at you. “Oh, Naoko. I’m so full.”

“You don’t have to—”

Shuddering, she lifts her crotch, her breath coming out slow and heavy. It’s working. There may just be something you can use it for after all. Kogasa swallows. “Naoko…” She hisses, then moans. “I, I want…”

With a loud squelch, she drops her crotch back down. She screams, her ass slamming into the carpet. “Naoko!”

She pauses, her body quaking. “Oh, Naoko. You’re so thick and hard.”

You wince. Was the dildo even that big? Compared to the other things you’ve tak— No. You’re free. You should...

Kogasa rolls her hips, the dildo still squishing inside her. “Ooh, ooh, ooooh.”

Shuddering, moaning, she lifts back up, hips quaking as she pulls herself up. Face twisting and clenching, she struggles to keep her flinching gaze fixed on you.. “Naoko, Naoko…”

The door slams open, accompanied by a harsh, brittle voice. “Hah! Got you now, Nao…”

Your eyes jerk upward as a pair of slender legs in poofy black shorts strides inside. Short, smooth green hair frames narrow eyes and a sinister grin, with a pair of black antennae hanging above it.

Wriggle.

Really? Another old enemy just happening to beat down on your door the very day Kogasa reappears?

You rise to your feet, breathing in. She flicks her black cape out and straightens her white dress shirt. Nose high, she turns in your general direction, her left hand gripping a red leash. Casting an arm out, she clears her throat. “Sorry, bitch. Naoko’s my slave n…”

“Oh, Naoko!” Kogasa shouts, her ass thumping into the carpet as she pounds the moistening ground with her hips. “Naoko, Naoko, Naoko!”

Focusing on her, Wriggle’s eyes widen and her jaw drops. She glances up to you, then back down to Kogasa. “But, that’s… I mean, you… it’s you! How…”

You glance between her and Kogasa, hammering the dildo, then clear your throat. “This, this isn’t…” Isn’t what? You shake your head. “It’s not what it looks like.”

Voice floating on near-ecstasy, Kogasa squeals. “Oh, it’s…” She moans. “It’s, exactly, what it… looks—” She screams, then sags back, into the bars. “Exactly what it… looks like.”

Coughing, Wriggle shuts her mouth and straightens her back. Her face twists back into a cruel sneer, though one twitching at the edges. Then she jerks on the leash hanging from her fist. Another figure stumbles in behind her in small, rapid steps. A long brown cloak obscures her features.

Wriggle clenches tight on the leash, grinning.

“You think that’s a slave? Well,” she chuckles, “check this out!”

She grips the hood over her companion’s head and yanks it down, revealing the fluffy pink hair and feathery ears framing Mystia’s dull glare, pointed at her feet. Her teeth protrude from lips stretched back by the thick wooden bit wedged into her jaw. Fat ropes bind it tight behind her head as streams of saliva trail from the edges of her mouth to her chin.

You take a step toward the cage door, eyeing Wriggle as she undoes the clasp over Mystia’s sternum and throws the whole cloak off. It falls to the floor, revealing crisscrossing lines of coarse rope, digging into Mystia’s pale, glistening skin. It winds down her body in diamond patterns that dig into the edges of her naked breasts, continue down her stomach, then run further down in a thick, knotted line, deep through her labia.

More ropes pin her arms to her sides and, from there, behind her back. One last rope runs around her upper thighs, lashing them tight together. Her wings sit close to her back, folded tight.

“Awesome, isn’t it?”

Mystia twists her body, turning her head to glare at Wriggle. Wriggle jerks on her leash, glaring back.

You take a half-step back, shaking your head as, for a split-second, your will falters.

Wriggle clears her throat, turning back to you. “You know what’s better?” She turns Mystia around to reveal that the ropes continue by binding her forearms together, between the diamonds on her back and the pair of strands running up between her ass-cheeks. Another set pinches her wings, pressing them tight to her back. Between those wings hangs a brown sack.

Wriggle throws the sack open, pulling out a bundle of rope, then sends you a sadistic grin. “Ready to join her, bitch?”

You breathe in, feeling the magic inside you. Kogasa never gave you a chance to use it, so it’s still fresh. But it’s also weak. You’ve got one good volley in you, maybe two.

She drops the rope on the table and turns Mystia back toward you. Standing behind her captive, she slides her hands along Mystia’s cheeks and, pulling back, loosens her straps. She re-buckles the gag around Mystia’s neck. Then, sliding those hands back to her cheeks, she whispers something into Mystia’s ear.

Breath shaking, shoulders shivering, Mystia inhales, glowering at the floor. “Wriggle—” Wriggle grips her shoulder, squeezing. “I… I belong to, to… to Mistress Nightbug, now.”

You level a tense, cautious stare at Wriggle. She grins back. You frown. “I can see that, Wriggle.”

Now she frowns. She walks, slow and steady, to the raised wooden panel by Kogasa’s bed, fingering a… hinge. You swallow. That thing wasn’t built to house someone, was it? Someone like you?

Kogasa twists her shoulders around, angling her head to watch her. “Hey! Don’t touch that!”

Wriggle whips her head back, then grins. “Shut that slave’s tongue, Naoko, or I’ll have to punish you in her place.”

You feel a shift in… something. Glancing down, you find Kogasa blushing and looking away.

You growl. “I’m not your property, Wriggle.”

She shrugs and, gripping Mystia’s leash, walks around the left wall, dragging Mystia close behind her. Mystia yelps, hurrying behind her in those quick, short steps again. Wriggle stops in front of the cushioned crate. She lifts the panel gag up and, letting go of the leash, runs a finger down the panel.

She’s almost on you, but no longer between you and the exit. If you’re going to act, you need to act now.

For just a second, you shut your eyes, sending a quiet prayer to Shizuha. Before you open them, you feel Kogasa’s aura. There’s a subtle shift in it, some tendrils pulling downward, in almost a bowing motion. More jarring are the somewhat thin but jagged strands grasping out from Wriggle, or the much thicker but rather soft lust wafting out from Mystia.

You’ve never fought Wriggle directly, but you doubt you could beat her one on one. Mystia’s restrained, but may be able to distract her, if you can get her worked up again. Kogasa’s dangerous but she’s also the only person with a chance of meaningfully fighting for you.

You could also try fighting Wriggle just long enough to try to drain her, but you doubt you’ll be able to drain much. 
Wriggle’s almost on you, Mystia’s useless, and you’re unwilling to trust your few bullets, alone, against her. Breathing hard, you stare down at Kogasa’s tense frown. Hands shaking, you kneel down and cup her cheeks, pulling her toward you.

“Hey! Wha-mph!”

You mash your lips into hers.

Her breath quickens, her tongue pulls back for only a second, then leaps to your lips. She’s already seeking more?

Not important. You suck her corruption back, bracing yourself as it slams back in, carrying with it a fuller, more intense appreciation of her wet, soft lips. Your tongue darts through them, meeting hers as you struggle to focus.

You need her. You need to fuck her so you— No. No, no, no! Focus! You need her to fuck Wriggle! No, fight Wriggle. You need her not to turn around and fuck you in th— to not turn around and rap-to enslave you.

You need to feed her an image. A thought. But what?

Shit, her tongue, darting and sliding around your own, tastes so good. You need that-no, not now. A thought, a…

A clack behind Kogasa. Wriggle set the gag down.

“Excuse me? Your mistress is right here, and you make out with…”

You tune her out. Focus. Fast.

You need Kogasa under your heel, but how?

Footsteps. Wriggle’s moving. You’re out of time.

Groaning down Kogasa’s throat, you shove the lust back, a thought of your foot breaking into that stream. A thought of your foot on her scalp.

“Stop kissing her! Those lips belong to me!”

You wrench your head away, sucking in air as spit falls down your chin. Wriggle’s almost on the cage door, her face red and sour. Snatching that key from the floor, you shove it into Kogasa’s shackles and rip them open, one at a time.

Wriggle exhales, then chuckles, her voice dark. “Show me your ass, Naoko. I’m about to turn it bright red.”

Trembling, you drop the key on the carpet as Kogasa pulls her hands out in front of her.

You take half a step back, your voice dropping to a shaky whisper. “Serve me, umbrella.”

Wriggle giggles, standing just inside the cage, one hand on her hip. “Really, hiding behind a slave?”

Legs and back shaking, Kogasa pulls herself to her feet. “You’ve got it!” Then she hurls herself toward Wriggle, crashing instead into the cage wall as Wriggle steps back through the door.

Wriggle frowns. “Fine, stay in the cage while I finish this bitch off.”

“I’m not a bitch!” Kogasa turns and leaps forward again, this time a smaller distance. “I’m a tool!” She glances your way. “I’ll be back in a minute, okay?”

You shake your head and stand, waiting until she turns back to Wriggle. Then, stepping slow and as quiet as you can, you creep toward the door yourself. By the time you reach it, Wriggle has Kogasa pinned to the wall by the door. Fuck. She’s already losing. You need to move fast, you need…

“I won’t let you bully her!”

Kogasa throws Wriggle off, only to get a faceful of green bullets in return. You strangle a gasp as one whizzes near your arm. By the time you glance back, Wriggle’s dragging her toward that panel by the bed.

Wriggle pants. “Too bad. She’s mine.”

You exhale, long as slow. One step at a time, you creep toward the door. Then, you—

A wide, rope-bound bust swings into view as Mystia staggers into the doorway, staring you down.

A soft thump and another blast sounds to your left. Turning, you find Kogasa pinning Wriggle into her bed. And a smoldering scar on the ceiling above them. You turn back to Mystia.

She smiles but remains rooted in the doorway. You stare back and gesture toward the bed. She shakes her head. You breath in, parting your lips to—

“Hey! Is that—”

Your head whips to the bed, just in time to see Wriggle roll around and slam Kogasa into the bed, herself. They didn’t notice anything.

Mystia still stands in your way, blushing and smiling. Swallowing, you shove yourself forward, into those fat breasts and rather perky nipples, letting them press into your kimono as you grip the doorway for leverage. You press yourself to the right side of the door as she digs her heels in. You push. Unable to use her arms or widen her stance, she just keeps pressing herself into you.

Small whizzes and pops sound from behind you, accompanied by indistinct grunts and yelps. If you can just get her fat tits, you could…

Kogasa yelps. “Hey! That’s not how that…”

You ignore them and reach an arm out, legs sinking as you stretch your foot past the door frame. Soon, chin pressed tight between those breasts, you press down into the hardened dirt outside…

She shifts, giving you more space. Then she swings around and, from the outside, throws her body into you, knocking you off your feet.

You tumble back, inside the house. One foot misses the floor and you fall. There’s a single moment of terror as walls give way to ceiling and the floor slams into your back.

Pain shoots through your skull and bones. For a second you lie there, dazed. A second later, a curvy, trussed-up body thumps into you, smothering you in fat, sweaty flesh. As your senses return, you find pale skin filling your vision. Planting your hands around the breasts on your face, you pull yourself out just enough to see Mystia’s lopsided grin staring back, which then puckers and…

She plants her lips on yours. You squirm, but it takes a second to recover your bearings. Then your hands move from her bust to her cheeks and shove her head up, off you. Her body squirms, too. Moisture drips from her upper thighs to dribble down your dress.

She whispers to you. “Finally, finally… I thought she’d never let me near you, you know. She’s so greedy.”

Voice near-silent, you answer back. “That’s great, but could you get off, please?”

“You’ll run away, won’t you?”

“I, uh… n—”

A foot slams into the floor by your head. Kogasa’s. Looking up, you find Wriggle slamming her into the wall. A small, hissing whine escapes your clenched teeth.

Wriggle growls, whispering something to Kogasa.

You turn back to Mystia, who leans back in for another kiss. You roll to the left, but she just rolls the opposite way, her weight pushing and returning you to your back. You roll to the right, but she just drags you back. All without even using her damn arms. She squirms again, rubbing your breasts with her tits and wedging her locked thighs between yours. You feel her moisture drip into the fabric over your crotch. And her knotted rope pressing into you.

Hissing, you—

Another foot strikes the ground by your head, Wriggle’s. This time, Kogasa shoves her back toward the bed. Another couple pullets whiz past her, flying over you. You shut your eyes, wrapping your legs around Mystia and shoving yourself to the left. This time, she slips off. Pulling a leg off her, you drag yourself up and—

There’s a quick, scratchy shuffle before Mystia slams into your side, knocking you to the ground. Those damn breasts once more bear down on you as her panting, leery grin looms over you. Her face descends, puckering again as—

A burst of light and sound strikes the ground beside you.

“Let me out, you stupid bitch!”

You turn to your left one more time to find Wriggle lying on the ground, one ankle hanging high above her, caught in the wooden panel’s nearest hole. Sweating, panting, and pouting, Kogasa stands nearby, feet tensed.

A small burst of green bullets burst out from Wriggle. Kogasa leaps to the— two of them explode near your side. She flings her gaze around the house. “Um, um… not that. No… Oh hey! Naoko. Gimme that rope!!”

“Fuck her! Get me out!” Wriggle bangs her free foot on the panel, barely shaking it.

You glance around, finding Wriggle’s loose rope piled on the table beside you. Gripping it, you fling it toward Kogasa just before—

Mystia’s lips press into your own. More lights and sounds burst nearby. Acting before thoughts arrive, you suck your aura’s corruption from her. If she’s less horny then she might be less int… she might taste better?

No. Little could ignite your body as well as her plump, soft breasts or that hungry tongue slipping through your teeth.

“What! No! He—!”

Then another burst hits nearby, startling you out of the daze. You throw your head aside, breaking the kiss. She glances up too and wobbles, rolling off to your right. Drooling, shivering, you grit your teeth and throw yourself up. Staggering back, something feels wrong. You turn to the bed. Wriggle now twists and strains, face down, her legs hanging taut, her back pinned underneath Kogasa.

“Get off me!” She jerks her leg a couple times, barely rattling the panel her ankle’s jammed through. Twisting her head, she glares your way as Kogasa lashes her wrists together, leaving a couple tails trailing from them.

Kogasa claps her hands together. “Good, now lets get you out of—”

“Wait!” You rush over to her, just as Kogasa slips a key into a lock on one end, then throws half the panel up.

Wriggle yanks her foot out and scrambles forward. Unthinking, you throw yourself at her, slamming her into the floor, just by Mystia’s startled form. She bucks, jostling you. Somehow, you hold firm, gripping her supple shoulders as Kogasa grips her kicking feet.

“Let go of me!”

“Hold her down!”

Unthinking, you plant your ass on the back of her head and press your arms into her firm, smooth thighs. Just past a taut, denim-wrapped ass that you’d love to beat.

Moving fast, Kogasa drags the rope to her ankles and, pulling them closer, wraps it around them, lashing them together, then ties them all off. Shaking, you pull yourself off, a steady trickle running down your thigh.

Wriggle screeches, then stills. “This isn’t over, bitch.” She lies there, face red and glaring, as she tugs her wrists back, then her feet forward. The ropes shift slightly, but they hold.

“You belong in these ropes, not me!”

Mystia giggles, then hisses, wiggling her locked thighs.

You’re shaking, even shivering. You need to unload your aura now. But where could you...

Wriggle growls. “Now get me out of this!”

Mystia cackles, voice catching each time her hips shake.

You lick your lips, drool trailing down your chin. You need to feed this to someone, but…

Kogasa clears her throat, eyes narrowing. “Um, Nao—I mean, Ms. Naoko. I’ve been good, right?” She shivers. “I’ll get a reward, right?”

Mystia freezes, twisting her bound shoulders. “Oh, oh. If I’m good, can I get one, too?”

You swallow. Oh, you’ll give someone a reward, all right. Your heart pounds, your lungs heave, and your pussy drips. You can unload the aura when you’re done with them.

Kogasa’s heaving breasts call to you, as do her full, curving hips and that bashful smile. In fact, since she’s the only one to have helped you since—

“I’m not done with you bitches yet!” Wriggle screeches, once more twisting and pulling at her ropes. “Just give me one-urgh. One second and I’ll-I’ll get you!”

Mystia sighs, happy. “Oh, give it up. You lost.”

Maybe not Kogasa. After all Wriggle’s done to you, a little… well, you’d like a turn to beat the ass she made you eat out. Then see where you go from there. Actually…

You glance back to Kogasa. She smiles, hopeful. You frown, she tenses. Maybe you should see if she’ll beg for it, first. And…

You glance back. Mystia flutters her eyes at you. Maybe, you shouldn’t sweat the small things. Maybe you could just fuck all of them, together. Who knows when you’ll get a chance like this again, after all. 
Your hands slide to your back, gripping the knot on your shash.

“Kogasa, strip!”

Not even waiting for her response, you work the knot loose, then rip the shash off your waist and toss it to the floor. You turn to watch Kogasa peel her vest off as you throw your kimono open. You angle your shoulders and arms back, then shrug the kimono off to the sight of Kogasa peeling her white blouse off and exposing the pale blue bra atop her hefty, juicy breasts.

Mystia leers up at you, drooling and grinning. You’ll feast on her body later.

You bring your fingers up to your plain white bra as Kogasa works on her skirt. With a snap, your bra comes off, freeing your breasts and the swollen pink nipples atop them. Your hands turn to your hips as you watch Kogasa’s skirt fall, revealing her healthy, shapely hips, but…

Wriggle pants. “I’m still, urgh,” she twists her back, “still going to claim that ass for myself, you know. And those tits, too.”

You glare at her. She glances between you and Kogasa’s scowl, then lowers her head, gritting her teeth.

Which reminds you, Kogasa needs to be locked down before she gets any ideas. Glancing around, you spot the familiar cuffs on the cushioned box. The second your panties hit the floor, you step out of them and lurch toward the box. Grabbing the cuffs with one hand, you spin toward Kogasa, then pause. Next to you is that chest you got the dildo from. Curious, you yank it open again, revealing once more the larger compartment, filled with chains and bars, and the smaller one, stuffed with leather. You root through the smaller one, soon finding something hard, but smooth.

You yank it out, finding another double-headed toy cock, this one a deep red, with three leather straps attached to the middle, between each head. You spin toward Kogasa, then pause, a bit of drool escaping your slack jaw.

The fat tits still hang off her shoulders, pink nipples swollen and chest heaving as she lies down, working the panties down her legs. You pause, glancing between her, Mystia’s squirming, rope-bound breasts, and Wriggle’s powerless glare.

Oh, you’re going to have fun today.

You wait only a second, until those panties are gone, then hurl the cuffs toward Kogasa. “Put those on!”

They land on her smooth, shallow belly, just above that naked, dripping pussy. She glances back your way, confused. “But, but these are for—”

“They’re for you now.”

She glances between you and the cuffs, her soft skin glistening, begging for you to mess her up.

Wriggle snickers, a little shrill. “Yeah, you’re going to be mine soon, anyway. Might as well—”

Kogasa glares at her, then back at the cuffs, hefting them in her hands.

You hiss, then march her way. Setting the dildo beside her, you climb onto her lap and, shivering at the thought of what’s to come, grab the cuffs. You stare dead into her eyes, breathing heavy.

“Wrists. Now.”

She looks into your eyes, then to your naked breasts. Then, panting, she looks away but presents her hands, palms up and open. You snap the cuffs tight around one wrist, then the other. You take a moment to appreciate the dull glimmer of those cuffs, the one’s she’d made especially for you. To control and enslave you, now restraining their maker instead. You glance down her body, under her now-locked wrists. The neatly-trimmed bush glistens with moisture. You’re going to…

You shove her back into her futon. Breathing hard, you drag her wrists over your head and past your arms, pulling her heaving chest close as you trap them behind your back. You feel every breath she makes now, every heavy inhale and shuddering exhale, as those breasts push your own tight to your ribs, then ease up.

Running a hand through the hair behind her scalp, you jerk her head close and plant your lips on hers. You extend your tongue through her lips, tasting—

Ropes creak as someone shuffles up behind you. You retract your tongue and glance to your side.

Mystia freezes, just past the futon. Slick, clear fluid runs from the knots inside her pussy, down her locked thighs, to form a trail behind her.

You scowl. Her face flashes red and she glances away.

She clears her throat. “Um, uh… Ms. Naoko. Could you, could I…”

You groan, sliding your spare hand down, between Kogasa’s stomach and yours, to your pussy. Pressing two fingers to the lips, you spread it open. “Get in here. And don’t disappoint me.”

“Y-yes!”

“But Naoko, I—”

You whip back to Kogasa, narrowing your eyes. “No.”

You lock lips with her again, plunging your tongue inside and pressing her own back, close to her throat. She warbles, swallowing. You don’t care. Your hand slides out from between your stomachs to wrap around Kogasa’s back and press her tighter to you.

Mystia shuffles behind you. You feel her breath on your ass first, then her lips on your pussy, then the tongue reaching in. You moan, loud, down Kogasa’s throat as your tongue shifts to the side.

She licks your tongue from the side, you push it back. Mystia’s tongue sinks further inside you, filling your pussy. You moan again, twisting your body, rubbing your breasts into Kogasa’s. Kogasa lets out a garbled mewl as your tongue sweeps through her mouth and—

You quiver, locking up as Mystia’s tongue slides up and down. Kogasa’s arms clench as you pull her even tighter to you. You’re fighting against her to breathe, but you keep squeezing, keep tasting her tongue. Mystia pushes back in and you shake.

Already, you feel yourself trembling, sweat dripping from your skin. Letting out a loud, lascivious groan, Mystia rolls her head under your ass, grinding her tongue into your eager, clenching flesh.

Your back arches, your pussy no doubt drenching her face. You shiver, moaning into Kogasa’s lips at the thought. You press your ass downward, sighing as Mystia’s tongue gets just that hair’s breadth further inside you. Kogasa’s tongue presses forward, pushing you back.

You lean forward, mashing your face into Kogasa as you bat her tongue with your own, then you feel the approach. A rolling, shuddering quake rolls up from your crotch to your shoulders. Your tongue retracts and your head rears back just in time for one last moan, followed by a needy hiss.

Mystia’s head still bobs and shifts underneath you, her tongue lapping up the juices that flow from you and licking your pussy lips.

This isn’t enough. It’s not even close to enough. You groan, pulling Kogasa’s locked wrists off you. You need more. You need more, you need more, you need…

“Um, Ms. Naoko. Aren’t you, you know, going to fuck me?”

You frown, then grin. “Tell you what, if you get on your knees and beg me hard enough, I’ll… think about it.”

You pull yourself up, swinging a leg up and off Mystia’s glistening face. Strands of pussy juice trail from her head and matted hair to your crotch, snapping one by one. The sight alone sends a warm shiver down your spine.

Wriggle grunts and heaves. “Just you wait, Naoko, I’m almost…”

Your hungry eyes turn to her and she freezes. One of her wrists hangs a short distance from the other and the ropes between her wrists and ankles squirm as she tugs on them. A single thought passes through your mind before you move.

“Kogasa, get her!”

In a flash, Wriggle’s eyes go wide. “Wait, wait! This isn’t…”

“Got it, Ms. Naoko!”

You shut her out, leaping to the open chest again. You shove both arms inside as you hear a tackle behind you. Chains, leather, another dildo… No, no, no. You toss the items out one at a time. You need something better, something like…

Like that long metal bar, with cuffs at the end. You rip it out and… find another… thing. A short, flat bar split down the middle, with two halves of a shackle welded into each side and a padlock hanging from one end. If you put Wriggle’s wrists in each half and close them together…

“Hey, let go! I’m so close, I ju—”

You wipe another strand of drool from your lips. Why the hell are you daydreaming? She’s here, now, and…

“Get off me, you bitch!”

You glance back. Wriggle twists around, her back pinned to the floor as Kogasa straddles her, those heavy, juicy breasts bouncing, jostled by Wriggle’s struggles. Kogasa pulls her own wrist-chain taut to grip the inside edge of your captive’s shoulders. Mystia kneels by them, ropes creaking as she shifts her shoulders.

You lurch toward them, landing just right of Wriggle as she gets one hand out of her ropes. She gropes across her own back, then latches on to Kogasa’s soft thigh, squeezing it. You drop the bar beside her. She flinches.

You snag her arm, shoving her wrist into one of the half-cuffs. She jerks her wrist. You plant your hands down to keep it in its cuff. She freezes again, turning to you.

“What the… you’re still…” She trails off, her voice a tone of resentful denial.

You grin back at her, licking your lips. “Kogasa, roll her over.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

She tugs at her ropes, panting. “You’re still mine, you dumb broad!”

Kogasa steps back, squats down, and shoves her onto her front.

Wriggle rolls over with a thump, screeching. She bucks twice, then stills, panting. The cloak lies halfway across her back.

“Give me her other wrist.”

You pull the captive wrist and open cuff up as Kogasa tears the loose rope off the other and drags it toward you, over her cloak. You hold one wrist in place while Kogasa places the other. Giggling just slightly, you free one hand to snap the cuffs closed, then click the lock shut and watch her pull and tug at them for just a moment.

Wriggle slams her feet into the ground. “Don’t fuck with me! I’m going to—”

You hiss, stomping your foot into her shoulder. “Shut up!”

She groans, growing still.

You grab her ankle and—

And she kicks both down, out of your hand.

“Kogasa, her feet.”

“Yes, Miss.” Kogasa turns around and, peeling the last of the ropes off, slips a leg around Wriggle’s shins, pulling them close enough for her to grip each one. Wriggle’s still squirming, but you get one end of the bar locked to her nearest ankle. Then, with Kogasa shifting both hands to the uncuffed leg, you shove them far enough apart to get the—

“What the hell are you doing!”

You click the second cuff closed. You step back. She squirms harder now, bucking and twisting.

“What the fuck? What did you do? You stupid, rebellious whore!”

You glance at the table, where Kogasa’s bit gag still lies, the other apparently having fallen off. Standing up, you…

You pause, noticing the familiar bracketed metal ring hanging from Mystia’s slender neck. Your mouth twists into a no-doubt disgusting grin. Mystia smiles back, hopeful but nervous.

You stand close to her, hearing a sharp inhale from her. Reaching over those bound shoulders and jutting, naked breasts, you unbuckle the gag and pull it back, then spin back around to Wriggle.

Mystia sighs, deflated.

Dropping your ass on Wriggle’s shoulders, you lower the gag over her eyes, much like she did when she—

“What? Oh, hell no! Get that thing aw-lph!”

Giddy, you jam the ring behind her teeth and pull the straps tight, earning an angry squeal when you buckle it to her head.

“Hwih wheh heh whu!”

Oh, her garbled complaints sing into your ears, brightening you to your very soul.

Still… that foul tongue of hers should be put to some use, for a change. Getting up, heart pounding, breath low and heady, you step back to the futon, and, leaning down, grab the toy dildo.

Glancing briefly at its straps, you lay down and line one head with your pussy. Shuddering, you push it in. You sigh, breath hitching as your pussy clenches around it.

You inhale. “Br-bring her here.”

“Wherh hwo!”

Wriggle twists and squirms as Kogasa grabs her shoulders.

You breathe, fast and shallow, hissing as you push the cock further inside. This feels nice, but nowhere near as nice as… well, what’s about to come. You groan, squeaking just slightly, as it slides further in. It fills most of your pussy, forcing the walls back as those straps hit your crotch. Sighing again, you pull them around. After a short fumble, you find that one runs between your legs and loops around one of the two at the back, which you then buckle together.

Pulling the straps snug to your skin and gulping at the subtle shift of a fat, toy cock inside you, you finally glance up.

Wriggle lies, still on her belly, facing you. Her fingers flex, her arms twist very slightly from side to side, and her feet, held far apart, bang on the floor. You reach out and run a hand through Wriggle’s dark green, matted hair. Then, grabbing a fistful, you twist.

“Oh, you and I are going to have a lot of fun, slave.”

“HRH HWOH WHUR HWAPH, HU WHR—”

You wipe a fleck of her spittle off your check. “Bring her closer to me, would you?”

Kogasa nods and, gripping Wriggle’s sides, slides her up onto her knees. You pull yourself to your feet and motion she keep going until Wriggle’s head lands just beside your new toy.

She stares at it, then you, in horror.

You grin, then yank her head up, holding it just before the cock’s head. “You know what to do.”

“Hleh!” She turns her head away. For that, you slap the exposed cheek and twist her hair further. She squeals, warming your heart.

You may not be as strong, but you can still hurt her. You squeeze again, just to hear her next squeal. With a nudge, you find she now lets you guide her locked mouth back to the toy cock. Giddy, you push her down it. She sucks in air, her teeth nudging the shaft just slightly as they slide down. Then she slows as the cock’s head bumps into something. Her throat?

Well, what do you care? Grinning, you wrap your legs around Wriggle’s neck and, planting your feet between her shins, drag her head back. She glares up, now through your thighs and your breasts. You quiver and shake, hungry sweat pouring from your skin as you grip her scalp hard, squeeze your thighs, and shove her back down.

She chokes and sputters, but it hits her throat, which then pounds it further into your own clenching pussy. You throw your head back, squealing in delight. Wriggle makes an angry, gurgling noise, which just makes you wetter.

You haul her head back up, getting you one last look at her wet, glowering mug before you slam her back down, once, twice, three times, four… you shove her head up and down, pumping it up and down your toy cock and, in the process, pumping that cock inside you. Wet sputters and angry gurgles accompany each push and pull.

Wriggle thrashes, only for Kogasa to grip the bar between her wrists and jerk it upward, shoving her screaming face into your crotch. Kogasa points a hopeful smile your way. You turn back to Wriggle, grinding your thighs into her head until the screams fade and Kogasa lets go of her wrists. She still twists and tugs, but fails to worm herself free.

You cackle. “What? Something to say? Want me to eat your ass again?” Kogasa pouts at that. Weird girl. Wriggle just slurps and sputters. “Want to shove your feet in my face again? Write slurs on my face?”

Now you’re shaking too hard to grip her, so you pinch her head between your legs. Squeezing tight and curling forward, you rock them back and forth. Wriggle gurgles.

“Ihglh glhe glrhu!”

You whole body clenches at that, at Wriggle’s flailing attempts to berate you, even as you pump your toy cock down her throat.

Your pussy squeezes, sucking the cock in as deep as the straps allow. Then, you drag her up again, nice and slow, watching the spit trail from her lips, down the cock, to your crotch. Then, you drive her back down and—

You scream, your world turning wet and hot as the cock pounds deep into you. Hips twitching, you rub Wriggle’s nose into your scraggly bush and squeeze her cheeks between your thighs. Oh, oh yes. You’re going to…

Wait…

You pull her back up. Spit and quim drip from her face as she levels her glare, now visibly tired, your way. You’ll give the bitch one thing: she’s got spirit. The exact kind of spirit she’d tried to beat out of you. But…

You can’t finish her off like this. Not by violating only her mouth.

No, no.

Your grin grows cruel and wide as you haul her off your slick, cold dildo.

“Hwu hiph! Ih hwih—”

You shove her back down, savoring her angry, garbled screech as your toy cock once more stuffs her mouth.

The head twitches, you giggle. “What? You want off my cock?”

Her head pauses, then, slightly, nods.

“Okay.” Slowly, you drag her back up. “But one more word and you go right back on.” You drag her up and off. Despite her scowl, she keeps quiet.

“Good.”
You pull your legs off and look her over. Drool and quim trail to the floor beneath her chin, she twists, her arms trapped over her cloak. Kogasa sits on her back, her cuffs jingling as she sways back and forth. She turns your way, smiling.

“I did good, right? How about now?”

You smile back at her. “No. Get her on the table.”

She pouts. “But I helped, didn’t I?”

Mystia, behind her, grins. “What about me?”

You frown, inhaling slow and sharp. “Kogasa.” You point to the table “Now.”

They both groan, their delicious shoulders drooping. Kogasa stands up and, crouching down, pulls her chain taut again to grab Wriggle under her shoulders and haul her to the table. Wriggle grunts in frustration and twists, then gives a futile half-kick, aborted when the bar keeps it from going anywhere but sideways.

Kogasa eases her down, onto the table, then lets go. It’s not a high, western one, so you kneel and rub a hand over her ass.

Wriggle shudders. “Hwoph… hwoph hwu wheh…”

You groan. “Do I hear more words, insect?” You glance toward Kogasa. “Keep this bitch’s mouth busy.”

“But what do—”

“Do it.”

“Then, then…” She glances to the cage. “One minute!”

She rushes off as you lean forward, sliding your hands to the waistband of Wriggle’s shorts. She flinches. “Wrh…”

“Shh.” You reach around, underneath her, and snap a buckle loose. Gripping both the shorts and the cotton panties underneath, you peel them down, off her plump, tantalizing ass until the waistbands just reach her upper thighs. Even here, the bar stretches her legs so wide that the clothing, in turn, stretches thin. Still…

“Hweph woph whe—!”

There’s a loud clap as your hand strikes her ass, getting a good jiggle out of them. She twists her arms, tugging at the iron bar between her wrists as Kogasa steps out from inside the cage, carrying a wet, blue cock.

You grin, shifting close enough to drop your own toy cock between her ass-cheeks. Then, pulling it back just slightly, it falls through, hanging between her thighs. You slide forward again, rubbing it against her belly as Kogasa steps in front of her.

You slip your right-hand underneath, pressing the cock up against her—

“Surprise!” Kogasa leans down, grips Wriggle’s chin, and shoves it through her mouth.

You growl. You’ll need to punish her for her poor timing later. Overeager dumbass.

Whatever. You press your dildo’s head to Wriggle’s dry pussy, earning a delicious, if garbled, squeal of surprise from her. Your push soon halts, grinding into her coarse, stubborn flesh.

But you won’t let something so dull slow you down. You just jam it in, shoving it through her hard, squishy flesh until your hips thump into her ass, jerking her head down Kogasa’s toy. She screeches around Kogasa’s dildo in alarm and pain.

Already, you feel the heat inside you flare back to life. You hold her there a moment, impaled on your toy cock. She squirms of course. Squirms and groans. You sigh, giggling at her pained, angry helplessness.

Then you pull back, savoring the way her hips twitch as you leave. You slide your hands down her thighs. Then, gripping them tight and rolling your hips, you shove back into her.

You pound your toy in and out, in and out, squelching as she bounces on you. Each thrust knocks her back, just a hair, each pull drags her with you, just an inch.

She says something. Just as garbled, as gurgling as before, but less angry. More… pleading.

You don’t care. Your left hand leaves her thigh to crash across her ass as you pull back. She groans. You strike her ass again. She groans louder.

You strike her again, and again, spanking her with every other thrust, until she pipes down.

But now it feels too good. You can strike her, hurt her, control her. She’s yours.

You keep beating her until she makes a new, delicious sound.

It starts as a strangled mewl. She’s shaking, shivering. She’s hot and sweating. She wiggles her ass, trying to pull away. You grab her thighs and yank her backward, onto your shiny red cock. She squeals and pulls away. You yank her back again. She groans. You slam your hips forward, into her, hard.

She screams onto Kogasa’s blue cock, not in pain, but pleasure.

Then you pull out, letting the head fall from her dripping pussy.

You stagger back, strength fading until your ass thumps back into the futon. Her juices trail from her legs, to the cock still hanging from your crotch.
Both Kogasa and Mystia glance your way.

You turn to Mystia, leering at those fat breasts, squeezed tight between their ropes. She’s harassed you with those oversized tits every time you’ve been with her. Time for some fun.

“Mystia. Over here.”

Kogasa sputters. “But, but Ms. Naoko, I…”

You raise a flat palm, grinning. “Haven’t begged me yet.”

Kogasa pouts as Mystia gingerly steps forward, that rope still lashing her bare thighs together. “Oh, take me now, Naoko.”

You lean forward, face near the fluffy crotch she’d smothered you in before, inhaling the aroma of her desire. Licking your lips, you grip the lashing between her thighs and, finding the finishing knot, work at it until you pull a strand loose. It takes a few seconds, but you soon have the lashing off and, with it, you unwind and undo the rope around her thighs entirely.

Dropping that rope on Kogasa’s floor, you scoot aside and pat the futon. “Lie down.”

She thumps to her knees in almost an instant, fluttering her eyes as she turns around and lays on her back. She spends a moment shuffling and angling her back, her lashed wings twitching as she does so. Unlike the ropes around Wriggle, these still hold quite firm, still digging into her skin, those knots still spreading the lips of her dripping pussy. You turn and swing a leg across her face, your toy cock hanging just above her lips.

“Kogasa. Dildo.”

“Dildo? What do you mean?” She glances around, then pulls the toy out of Wriggle’s mouth. “Oh, this?” Wriggle sputters and gasps.

You nod, impatient.

“Okay, here.” She tosses it your way.

Catching it, you slide it up Mystia’s belly, toward the knots in her pussy. Your muscles clench, torso twitching in anticipation as you slide the head up and down those knots. “Want to cum, bird?”

She breathes, hot and shallow on your lower gut. “Yes, please.”

“Who do you belong to?”

“You, Nao—”

You slap the dildo across her thigh. “Mistress.”

“Mistress Naoko.”

You giggle. “Good enough. Now,” you lower your hips, just slightly, “show me how badly you want it.”

In an instant, you feel your cock shift. Not pushed, so much as nudged. She’s licking it.

Your spine tingles at the sensation, but you need more. And… you glance down, between your thighs, at those breasts. The ones she’d haunted you with so much. The ones she’d shoved you…

You pull your left-hand aside and give her right breast a solid whack, then another. The cock inside you jostles as she flinches, then jerks, pushing up onto your cock. A moment later, you hear a distinct slurping sound. Satisfied, you lower yourself just a little further and lean close over her rope-parted pussy.

You run your finger over those knots, pinching one between your fingers and raising it, just slightly. Mystia swallows, just slightly, around your cock. Her jaw shudders as you run your finger under those knots, pulling back to drag them into the edge of her pussy’s lips, then pushing forward to grind them over her clit.

Mystia lets out a gurgling hiss, your cock jostling again. You inhale, sharp and sudden.

Reaching in, you peel the knotted rope back to press the blue dildo to those lips. She shudders, her mouth slowing as she hisses again. You hold it there a moment. She squirms underneath you, legs twitching. Her anticipation—made blatant by the way she rubs those thighs together, wiggles, and lifts her hips just that tiny bit—sets your loins on fire.

But… you snicker. She’s stopped working. You lean to the side and, passing the dildo to your left hand for just a moment, give her breasts another good whack with your right. That gets her going again.

She pushes your strapped-on cock up, into your clenching muscles. Shivering, letting out a small mewl, you jam the toy down her cunt. She twists, body shaking as she squeals. You shiver around the cock now shaking inside you. You twist the one in your hand, earning a squeal and a full, rolling quake out of it, followed by—

You yank it back out, juices dripping from its sides, down her crotch. She shakes, then twitches. She groans, low and sad, around your cock.

You grin, rolling your hips. “Well?”

She gurgles, then thrusts the cock up, into you, jerking your hips upward. You slam your hips back down. Then, shivering and sweating, you press the dildo back between those puffy, sopping lips of hers. She hisses again, body seizing, but after a split-second, she’s pumping your cock again.

Your own breath comes out heavy and cracking, but you push the dildo to one side, then the other. She squirms, lifting her hips. Then you gasp as she shoves your cock deep inside you. Gulping and drooling, you roll the dildo around a couple times. Mystia’s actions slow as her hips start to quake again. Hands rattling, you twist and tug the dildo back out, inch by inch.

You squeal in pleasure as her hips sag, as she cries out in incoherent disappointment.

Then she redoubles her efforts. Her body shaking and spasming, she slams her face into your crotch, ripping a moan from your lips and tearing the strength from your legs. Twisting her bound body, she thrusts hard, in and out, in and out. You gasp, you squeal. Her desperation to please, to cum, sends your body into burning, raging spasms.

You collapse over her, panting and moaning. You can’t even tease her anymore. She’s just so damn servile. The first, shuddering scream bubbles up as—

“Um, Ms. Naoko?”

You look up to find Kogasa kneeling before you, her shackled hands in her lap. You hiss, biting your pleasure back. “M-Mistress.”

She laces her fingers together. “Mistress Naoko. Can I please have sex with you?”

Sprawled over Mystia, getting your cunt pounded by her, you stare Kogasa in the eyes.

You gulp. “No. N-not g… try hard… harder.” You plant a quaking hand on Mystia’s dildo.

Kogasa frowns. “Will you help me cum, please?”

“Try…” You gasp as Mystia slams into your crotch again. “T-tr-tr… try ag-gain.” Clapping your hands around the tip, you start to pull it back out of her again. Mystia turns frantic, thumping in and out of you. Your crotch shakes, bouncing on her pecking head.

“Um, Mistress…”

You glance up, wincing, struggling to focus as Mystia keeps pounding you. Kogasa, still kneeling, shuts her eyes and bows her head. Her legs quake, one shackled, shaking arm planted between them, wedged tight against her crotch. She squirms, rolling her hips on that arm as she parts her panting lips. “Please, I’m yours. I’ll do whatever you command, just…” She sniffles. Sniffles. “Just give me this and I’m yours, forever. I swear.”

Even now, you can feel the corruption rolling off her, threatening to drown you. She drops her head to the floor, bowing. Crotch thrumming from the cock Mystia’s beating into you, you scream in ecstasy. For a moment, your vision goes stark white, blinded by the pleasure searing through your body.

Then, drenched in sweat, you peel yourself up to view Kogasa’s prone form.

Wiping your shivering brow, you grunt. “Good enough.”

Hands quaking, you shove the dildo deep inside Mystia, earning one last squeal before you let the knotted rope slide over it. She won’t be getting that out on her own.

You then drag your shaking body to its feet, shuddering as your cock’s jostled between the sides of Mystia’s mouth, then pops free to dangle between your legs.

You glance back at Mystia, letting out a long, quivering breath. “Your… your turn’s over, now get up.”

“But, you never, I didn’t get to—”

“You still want to cum?”

Frantic, she nods.

Another cruel grin splits your face. “Use Wriggle.”

“But, h—”

You shut your eyes and wrap your arms around your stomach, hissing in mock annoyance. “Not now, Mystia. Fuck her instead.” You stare at her, rubbing your shuddering sides as her eager smile evaporates.

She whines in protest. Then, pouting, she rolls to the side. Dropping your ass back on the futon, you pat your thigh. Kogasa grins, skips up to you, and lowers herself down, onto your legs.

As she does, you grab her wrists and guide them once more around, behind your head, and under your arms.

Then, finally, you grip the slick, sticky cock protruding from your drenched pussy and angle it up. You grin. “Ready?”

She smiles back and lowers herself onto the head. With your spare hand, you grip her ass and—

She shoves herself down, jamming that cock through your squeezing, still-needy pussy. Your breath hitches as Kogasa’s hips hit you, her breasts mashing into yours once more. You moan, hissing and sucking in air as she pulls back.

She slams back into you, tearing a lascivious scream from your throat. Your back curls, both hands now clenching her ass. She squeals in pleasure as she wraps her shackled hands tight around your back. She squeezes, tearing the breath from your lungs as she pounds you again, hard.

Your breath comes out in shuddering whimpers as she slams herself onto you, again and again. You gasp and choke in pleas—

In pain. Your pussy’s still dripping with need, but her thrusts keep hitting too hard. You squirm, rolling your hips and working your arms between your quaking stomach and her own.

“St-st-hrgh!”

She grinds one long, hard thrust into you. Gritting your teeth as she scrapes through increasingly tender flesh, you press your hands into her gut. Heaving, you slow her down for a moment.

She pulls back, blinking.

“Just sl—”

She smashes her slobbering lips into yours and shoves her tongue through. You gasp and gulp, only for her to shove herself back down your shaft. You pant, coughing as the pain returns.

This stupid bitch. You press into her ag…

Her lips bull back, flecks of drool flying off. Panting, head swaying to the beat of her bouncing hips, she smiles. “You’re so, so…”

Panting, gasping, you frown. “Slow d—”

She slows down just slightly. “I just… You sounded, so, very...” she gulps, “happy with, Mystia, and… and Wriggle.”

Something shifts behind Kogasa, then Wriggle’s body thumps onto the floor.

“Wrgh!” She protests, metal bars striking the floor.

Her right foot bumps into your right thigh.

With a thunderous slam, Kogasa’s crotch smashes into you, pounding you hard enough your legs jerk outward, striking Wriggle’s hips as they do so. Kogasa slows for a moment and, as she does so, you slide a foot forward, finding a stretched pair of shorts first, then a bare pussy.

As Kogasa pulls back, that pussy jerks and twitches.

“Wrh! Hwh! Whrph! Wh—” Wriggle yelps until Mystia drops her crotch on the bitch’s face, smothering her voice.

Kogasa huffs and pants. “I’m doing good, right, Naoko?”

You blink, savoring the way Mystia grinds her coarse ropes and sweaty crotch up and down Wriggle’s face. “You’re acceptab—”

Then, Kogasa slams into you once more. You screech, a mixture of pleasure and pain as her hips slap into yours. Wriggle’s body bounces beneath your twitching, spasming foot, to another rhythm.

Then Mystia moans.

Kogasa’s next thrust drives the cock against a sweet spot, ripping another scream from your lips. As it does so, your quaking foot strikes that soft, wet pussy, hard. Wriggle screeches through Mystia’s crotch. You like that sound.

You drive your weight into Kogasa’s gut, stifling a scream as you slow her down. Kogasa curls forward and latches her lips around your nipple, sucking hard. She squeezes her arms tighter around you as she finally slows down. She wiggles her hips and impales herself hard on your cock, stuffing you to your limit as she pounds it in. You groan, low and hungry, your toes poking between the lips of Wriggle’s pussy. She pulls back and drives it forward again, in a series of slower, harder thrusts.

You gulp and let out a long, needy moan, no longer caring for the pain. You just need to cum again.

That pussy jerks forward, onto your toes, as Mystia moans again, rolling her hips. You drag your shaking hands up from Kogasa’s ass to wrap around her back, pressing her tight as you slam your hips into her. The shaft drives forward, stuffing your pussy and tearing another scream from you.

Juices ooze beneath you, Wriggle lets out another pained yelp as your toes jerk, driving into the side of her pussy. Mystia squeals in pleasure.

Kogasa coos and moans, thrusting with you. Your sweat mingles with hers, your bodies quaking. She drags her lips to the side to plant a series of light, shuddering kisses on your heaving breasts. Your arms freeze into a vice-like grip around her as the boiling need and desire rise toward the surface.

It starts soft and low, a light tingle of the spine, a new kind of warmth in your gut. Then it grows, fast and raging and mighty. You throw your head back. A low moan turns into a rising cry, then a rising, wailing scream. It rises in pinch to a shrill squeal before it finally trails off and your energy wanes. You sag into Kogasa’s thumping breasts as she keeps pounding your jerking hips.

Then, a moment later, she squeals, an equal mixture of satisfaction and girlish joy in her voice. She sags into you, her weight pushing you to the floor. You land with a light thump, the ridged edges of her cuffs and chain biting into your back. Rank sweat and mingled juices coat your bodies and fill the air. But that’s fine. Idly poking at Wriggle’s twitching pussy with your toes, you giggle, then cackle. Then you laugh. Long, loud, and free.

Blissful, you crane your neck to watch the way Wriggle squirms and twitches under Mystia’s dripping, rope-bound crotch, sliding back and forth over her face. At some point, Mystia hunches over and squeals.

Still, as you lay there, Kogasa atop you, you wonder how you’ll fuck them next, or…

You swallow, drinking in the stench of sex and the little ways that Kogasa’s hips shift, stirring the cock inside you. You have captives. Slaves? You have power and it’s time you see how you can use it.

You groan, running a hand down Kogasa’s bare back. Giving her ass one last squeeze, you push her to the side. She grunts, opening her eyes as you pull her wrists up and off you. Muscles clenching, you peel your toy cock from her and pull yourself to your feet.

Your juices seep out from around that cock’s base, trickling down your leg. You lick your lips, crotch twitching for more. A shudder rolls through you as you find your eyes wandering between the girls around you, looking for your next feast.

You shake your head. No, no. You need to empty this lust somewhere, now. Thinking fast, you lock eyes with Mystia, still rolling her hips over Wriggle’s twitching face.

Mystia’s eyes fly wide open as you lunge toward her. You drop onto Wriggle’s gut, your dildo slapping down between her small breasts. Wriggle flinches, squirming beneath you. Gripping Mystia’s cheeks, you pull her in for a kiss. She moans as you lock lips with her, shuddering as you shove your tongue inside.

Swiping your tongue across hers, you pound your lust into her. She squeals, pushing back as your burning need fades to a dull ache. Rolling your lips against hers, you wring out the last bits of corruption you can squeeze, then pull back.

Blushing, her bound chest heaving, Mystia licks her spit-slathered lips as Wriggle twists under your crotch.

You lift your hips and slam them back down into Wriggle’s gut. She yelps, muffled by Mystia’s crotch, then grows still again. You stand back up, panting. Now you need to think, but…

As your body cools, you find your eyes sliding down your naked front. You wrap your arms around your exposed breasts, shrinking from the giddy leer that Mystia sends your way. You’d just fucked three different youkai, not to save yourself, but for… for pleasure. Because you had to get off.

That’s… that’s not who you are. That’s never been who you are. It’s what they are. What they do. You’re not, not one of… Your mind wanders to Mystia’s desperate, needy struggle to cum, to the Wriggle’s impotent rage.

That wet heat returns at the thoughts, followed by a warm tingle as the cock inside you shifts. Hissing in frustration, you snap the buckles off and, breath hitching as your pussy clenches down, you peel the cock from its sheath and hurl it at the wall. With a wet bounce, it flops to the floor beneath.

You shake your head, gripping your sides, then glance around the room. Kogasa’s already looking back up at you, her hands barely cuffed, and Mystia’s still leering. You need them somewhere— You glance to the cage, then back at them.

You clear your throat. “Kogasa, Mystia. Get in the cage.”

They glance at each other, then back at you. Mystia rolls her shoulders, ears fluttering. “Aw, c’mon. Can’t we go another round, first?” She wiggles her hips, getting a disgruntled, muffled yelp from Wriggle. “This bug’s been doing a pretty poor job, you know.”

You step around behind her. Then, gripping her hair, you twist, pulling her up, off Wriggle.

“Owowow! Okay, okay!”

You let go. She sulks, but twists and shuffles to her feet, then turns and steps toward the cage. You stare at Kogasa, she glances away. You take a step forward. She shudders.

You breathe in, slowly. “Going back on your promise already, umbrella?”

She yelps, then jumps to her feet and follows Mystia. Mystia gives you one last, pleading look, then steps behind the bars.

You sigh, relieved as you step over Wriggle. She glares back at you, her face soaked, her hair matted, and her antannae drooping. Her lips shift, teeth bared by the ring between them. She wiggles, her disheveled shirt twisting. That reddened pussy peeks out from between her bare, parted hips, framed between her rumpled shirt and stretched shorts.

“Hwo hu hph!” She gurgles.

You grin and crouch down. Idly, you slide a finger between those teeth. She throws her head to the side, knocking your fingers out. You shrug and shuffle around, behind her head. You then reach under her shoulders, hauling her to her feet.

“Whrh hwo, whrh hwo!”

She twists and squirms, but you just hold tight and drag her backward. She kicks, but the unwieldy bar between her ankles makes her flailing strikes slow and awkward. Once you reach the door, you find Mystia rubbing her thighs together while Kogasa gives you puppy dog eyes.

You turn and hurl Wriggle inside, then step out and shut the door. Clicking the lock shut, you walk back toward the table you’d fucked Wriggle over and lower yourself d—

“Don’t forget to fuck us, okay?”

You glance back to find Mystia hunched over in a corner, while Kogasa presses her cuffed hands to the door, waiting for an answer. Wriggle sits against the same door, banging the back of her head into the bars.

You pause, finding yourself unwilling to outright deny her. “We’ll see.”

Kogasa pouts, stepping back. You return to the table and...

You’re still naked. Groaning, you grab your kimono from the floor and throw it back over your shoulders. Then, dropping your ass before the table, you lean back.

Now what?

“Applying proper maintenance is key to keeping your tools in good shape, you know.”

You glance to the cage, to find Kogasa now gripping the wall, a few steps to your right of the door.

You narrow your eyes. “What do you mean?”

She flinches. “W-well, you know. If, if you fuck me every now and then, I’ll be happier.”

You frown. She shrinks back. “A-a-and! That means I’ll be more productive and useful!”

Your frown cracks. Useful? What could you even use her for? And, besides… you narrow your eyes. She’s switching from stubborn to submissive awfully fast. Is that just the aura manipulating her, or is there something more?

No, you shake your head. That’s not important now.

You got more than what you came for, but what do you do now?

You can’t just return to your home in the village anymore. Even if the house itself were still safe, you’d have run out of funds soon, anyway. But where else can you live now, here?

You pause, glancing around the building. You can’t just leave the youkai alone. They’d break free eventually and, no doubt, find you again. Unlike your village home, this place has enough restraints for you to keep them under control. Hopefully.

But if you’re going to stay here, if you're going to live with these beasts, what are you going to do with them? Just keep them in that cage forever? You glance around again. The futon won’t fit both you and Shizuha. Well, not unless the two of you…

No.

With a few more restraints, you may be able to pull the girls out during the day. Thankfully, Kogasa seems to have plenty of those. You’ll have to ask her about them later, though. But what about food and water? You know a thing or two about crops but foraging and hunting are beyond you.

In fact, acquiring any kind of food would entail leaving this building, into the dangers of open wilderness. Any kind of horny youkai could be lurking just outside. And if you don’t leave, you’ll need to depend on one of the girls here to get your food. That…

That’s not something you’re ready to commit to.

And this all says nothing about the bigger, more dangerous women still out there. What did Yuyuko want? What will Okina do? Should you worry about any of the Buddhist youkai? And what about Aya?

You lean forward, rubbing your scalp.

You need a way to deal with all of them, somehow. You need—

“Urgh. Come on!”

You flinch, looking up. Mystia frowns back, face red, as she leans into the bars, then thrusts her crotch forward, digging her crotch rope deep inside her. “Just fuck me already!”

You turn away. “No.”

“Please fuck me?”

“No, Mystia.”

Slam.

The cage shakes. Mystia staggers back from the bars. Kogasa sighs, sitting against the back of the cage.

“I made this super strong, you know.”

Mystia screeches. “I don’t care! I just want Naoko to fuck me!”

You groan. “Shut up and wait your turn, bird.”

“No. Please, Naoko. Mistress. Please. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!”

Clenching your teeth, you pull yourself up. Grabbing that bar gag from the floor, you glance around, finding a key by the raised panel with holes… thing. You’ll need Kogasa to explain that device to you at some point.

You snatch the key and walk to the cage. Kogasa leaps to her feet as Mystia jumps behind the door. With the bar in your left hand, you slip the key into the lock and, unlocking it, slide the door back toward you.

You cock a brow. “You want my attention, Mystia.”

“Yes! Yes, yes, yes!” She nods her head, frantic.

You swing the door open and, reaching an arm behind her head, grip her scalp.

“Hey, what a-lph.”

You jam the bar between her teeth and buckle the straps behind her head.

“Whrh huh hwehoh. Wh—”

“Shhh.” You then glance to Kogasa. “Hey, you want a shot at fucking me again?”

Kogasa nods, frantic.

“Good. Keep her inside, would you?”

“Yes, ma’am!”

“Mistress.” A warm tingle travels up your spine as that word leaves your lips.

“Mistress!” Kogasa swings her shackled arms up and drops them down, around Mystia’s body. She then steps back, pulling Mystia away from the door.

Smiling, you shut and lock the door again.

“Phweh, haoho. Hwuh he, hwuh he.” Mystia moans.

You ignore her, returning to the table until you hear a creaking, scratching sound. Glancing back, you find Mystia wiggling out from under Kogasa’s arms. You sigh, happy to be in control, but otherwise exhausted. Then Mystia presses her body to one of the bars. Her knees bend forward, just fitting through the bars as she presses her crotch to the one running up her torso.

She makes more garbled sounds, almost mewling as she does so. You get back up and march toward her, just as the house door slams open. In a flash, you pull the sides of your kimono across your body, concealing most of your skin.

Shizuha stands in the doorway. She glances at you, narrowing her eyes until her head swivels to the cage. She freezes.

Kogasa lifts her hands to wave one, while Mystia looks away, still pressing herself to the bar.

Shizuha takes one step back, then looks to you again. She breathes in.

“Naoko. I need you to explain, carefully, what happened here.”

You swallow. “What’s there to—”

“I saved her from Wriggle!”

You both glance to find Kogasa smiling back. “Then she rewarded me with really good sex.”

Shizuha’s face darkens.

You gulp, turning to her. “I couldn’t fight her on my own. You know that.”

Shizuha groans. “That explains the smell, at least.” She walks inside, pointedly stepping over a discarded bra. “And the underwear.” She huffs. “Let me guess, the new girls came here to rape you.”

“Whrph hee! Whrph hee!”

You hiss. “Shut up, Mystia!”

Shizuha takes another twitching step toward you, looking pointedly away from Mystia. She steps to the wall by the door and leans into it. “So, you fucked Kogasa.”

“Ahf hee.”

You both turn to Mystia, wiggling her hips as she grinds the bar.

Shizuha raises a brow. You slump. “Her, too.”

“Was that a reward, too?”

You sigh. “No.”

“Did you fuck her willingly?”

“Yes.”

Shizuha slumps. “Why?”

You blush, staring at the table. “I had to drain her.”

“She doesn’t look all that drained, Naoko.”

You let out a rather nervous laugh. “I couldn’t hold it in forever, so I…”

She clicks her tongue, her voice tired. “You stuffed it back inside her.”

You nod. She pauses, shutting her eyes tight as she pinches her brow. Then, exhaling slow and controlled, she glances to the cage door, which Wriggle still sits against, mumbling something angry but quiet and incomprehensible. “You fucked her, too. Didn’t you?”

Quiet, you nod again.

Something… something feels off about this. About Shizuha. You’d never dated, married, or otherwise committing anything of yourself to her, save your belief. Why behave like this is some act of infidelity?

She swore that last night was purely for your sake. She’d… accompanied you so you could finally sleep and focus on finding a job in the morning. She didn’t… she didn’t lie, did she?

She coughs. “A-anyway.” She fixes her stern but somewhat red gaze on you. “So, you’ve got a bird masturbating right in front of us, plus a couple more girls locked up in our new cage. Any idea what we’ll do with them?”

You sigh. “No, nothing yet.”

Shizuha’s face goes blank, then her eyes narrow. “I see.” She looks upward, at nothing specific. “So, we’ve got three captives and no plan.” Now she sighs, drumming her fingers on her left arm. “What now, what now?”

That’s the big question, isn’t it? Despite your captives, there’s still a whole host of dangers in the distance. You may still have time to train or practice or something, but you’re worried. In the meantime, just what do you do with them?

Shizuha bites her lip, glancing to you, then the cage, then off at one of the walls. Or perhaps, through it. She’s thinking about something, but choosing not to say it. Honestly, you’re happy to have her back, given she’s still the only person you’d trust with yours.

Come to think of it, Yuyuko left at about the same time Shizuha did. Where did that woman run off to and will she come back?

Actually… You glance to the cage yourself. Mystia’s still rubbing the bar, moaning. Kogasa glances between you and Shizuha, smiling but nervous. Wriggle can only be described as ‘sullen.’

The safest thing for the short term, by far, would be to just leave them there and work out what you and Shizuha will do, first. But…

For once, you’d managed to leverage your aura into something useful. It’d be a shame to just let that opportunity fall to the wayside. Perhaps you could see if they’ll be any good for simple chores, then go from there. Alternatively, Kogasa did save your ass. If you pushed them hard enough, you might just be able to beat enough loyalty into them to use them in more sensitive or dangerous situations in the future. 
You take another glance to the cage, where Wriggle still sits, locked arms pressed to the bars. Kogasa watches, eyes locked on you. And there’s a visible shimmer on the bar between Mystia’s gyrating legs.

Ignoring the way that bird’s blush deepens when you look, you turn back to Shizuha, who frowns, still looking off in the distance. You clear your throat.

“I’m sorry, Shizuha. I can’t think of anything. What about you?”

She startles. Then, glancing around, turns to the cage herself. “Hm. Well…” She glances your way, then back to the cage, then to the house door. “Yuyuko and I chatted a little, while all of…” she gestures toward the cage, “this went down. I may be able to get her to help us, if we give her Kogasa in return. We’ve got too many captives anyway, so…”

“What? You can’t do that!”

You both turn to the cage, to find Kogasa’s brow drooping.

“C’mon, Naoko! You said I’d get to have sex again if I behaved!”

Shizuha frowns. You pinch your brow. “Kogasa. Shut up.”

“But, but…”

You whirl on her, slamming a fist into the bars. There’s a loud clang, followed by a lingering ring. Cowering, she backs away from the bars. You turn back to Shizuha.

“So, you think we should give her up?”

“Of course, we should. We’ll have fewer potential enemies to manage and may even get something in the process.”

“Oh, okay.” You rub your hands, glancing back at the cage and Mystia’s rhythmic grinding. Is that a good idea? To just get rid of your best hope for new support?

Shizuha frowns. “You don’t look so sure.”

You sigh. “What if someone worse shows up, Shizuha?”

Her eyes go flat. “We might just get rid of a big threat by ditching her.”

“And if the next girl’s too powerful for us?”

“Then at least we’ll be less distracted! You’re not…” Shizuha shudders, “you’re not seriously thinking of keeping them, are you?”

“I…” you swallow, “don’t know. We don’t have much to protect us, Shizuha. You know that.”

She flings a hand in the cage’s direction. “And how will these help?”

“They obeyed me. Some of them saved me. Maybe they can help us again. If we trained them…”

“Trained them? How?”

You clench your fists. “I, I don’t know. But we need something and these girls are the best chance I’ve ever had.”

She audibly bites down a screech. “Theyare? No, no.” She breathes in and out. “They’re a danger, Naoko. Every moment we keep them is a chance for one of them to break free and destroy what little security we’ve achieved. We need to get rid of them.”

“Wrgh hu hoo!” Wriggle screeches. Mystia, panting and gulping, bites out a garbled, indignant chirp.

You blink. “All of them? Not just Kogasa?”

She pauses, visibly deflated. Voice tired, she responds. “...Yes. All of them.”

“But… how would we even do that? Does Yuyuko care about either of the others? She wanted Mystia before, but didn’t seem to care when she disappeared.”

She pinches her brow. “I doubt it.”

You groan. “Then what would we do with them? Just drop them in the woods, hoping they behave and leave us alone? Wriggle found me in less than an hour since I came here! And she showed up the moment you left!”

“We can-” She pauses, looking down. “Look. We’ll do something. We’ll figure this out, but they’ll weigh us down until they’re dealt with.”

You bang a fist on the cage bars again. “What more could we do? They’re caged and restrained already. How could we possibly protect ourselves better?”

Shizuha stares at the ceiling. “It shouldn’t be that hard. We just need to put them somewhere else.”

“Why, Shizuha?”

“Because this is the only house we have, and you need to be far away from them!”

“U-um.” Kogasa clears her throat. “Excuse me, mistress and other lady. But this is kind of my house, so…”

Hissing, you step forward, toward Shizuha. “And if someone does show up while they’re gone? What then? What’s your plan?”

“Oh. Okay, just ignore me then, I guess…”

“Look, Naoko. You just need to trust me, okay?”

You take another step. She shrinks back.

You inhale. “You know what? It’s fine. There’s no point in trying to get rid of them until we have somewhere else to put them.”

Shizuha pauses. She glances toward you, from the corners of her eyes. “I… I may know a place.”

You clap your hands together. “Really? Why didn’t you…” You freeze. “A place to keep these girls captive?”

She shuts her eyes, face reddening. “Th-th-that… that’s not, not important.” She gulps. “What matters is that it’s safe and that they’ll be out of our hair.”

“But it can be used to keep them captive, can’t it?”

“...Yes.”

You fall to your back foot, staggering away. “And, and you avoided bringing it up until now, didn’t you?”

“It’s not… I mean, I never meant it for you… it was just, just…”

Her eyes flit from the roof to the floor to the cage to the open chest. You grip the cage bars for support. That’s… that’s a dungeon, isn’t it? ...Is it? Does she have a dungeon? If she does, why would she… what would it be fo… why did she have to say it wasn’t for you? Unless…

“Shizuha, what is it for?”

Her eyes lock onto the far wall, away from you.

“Shizuha?”

She holds still.

“It’s not a dungeon, right?”

Slowly, haltingly, she shakes her head.

“Then, its purpose…”

She gulps, wringing the front of her dress.

Your pace quickens. She’s never hid anything like this from you before, has she? Why so distant now?

“Shizuha, please, speak to me.”

She remains quiet.

You swallow. You need to do something. You need answers.

Breathing in, you close your eyes. It’s fine, you’ve felt her corruption before. Sure enough, there’s barely the faintest waft in your direction. Like she said last night, she’s got it all under control. It’s perfectly all right. It’s…

There’s a twitch, a flicker, then something dark and perverse crashes over you. You step back, shuddering.

“N-Naoko. What the hell are y…”

You tune her out. Where did that… it came from Shizuha’s general direction. But… that’s impossible. You just felt her. There was nothing of the sort.

Did it come from further out? Is there someone else about to strike? Were you right all along? Is someone else going to…

No, no you weren’t. You feel another flicker, coming directly from Shizuha.

“Naoko, please, don’t fuck with me.” Shizuha speaks fast, voice strained and frantic. “Don’t push any of that filth into me.”

Filth? Does she mean your aura? Your corruption? But… feeling further, you find a tight, compact mass in Shizuha. Like, like…

A barrel, filled to the brim with rice, then sealed shut with iron nails and rings. But rather than rice, it’s, it’s… You can’t quite tell just how much is stuffed in there, as it feels too different from any other corruption you’ve ever felt.

But it’s a lot.

In an instant, you’re breathing fast and shallow. Sweat beads across your skin.

“What the hell did you…” Shizuha pauses. “You… didn’t fuck with my heart, did you?”

Slowly, you open your eyes, lip trembling.

Shizuha pales. “You… you read me, didn’t you?”

Wordlessly, gulping, you nod.

She shivers. “It’s… it’s not that bad. It can’t be. I’m not…” She grips her collar. “I don’t know what you saw, Naoko. But trust me, I swear I’ve still got it under control. I won’t attack you, I’d never hurt you. I promise.”

“That…” You lick your oddly dry lips. “That dungeon you have, what was it…”

“Oh, come on! It’s not a dungeon! At least, it’s not supposed to be. It’s just something we can use like one, for as long as we need to.”

You twitch. She grips her hair. “A dungeon for the others! Not us. Not you. It’s, it’s…”

She wraps her arms around her gut, leaning forward. “Please, Naoko. When we returned to the village, you put your faith in me. Because of that, we almost got you back to being able to properly fly, to generate bullets. But I need you to put your faith in me one last time. Give me the girls and I’ll get rid of them. I swear you’ll never have to see that place. Just… just have faith, please.”

She sounds intense and sincere, but the evidence…

Do you trust her? Can you trust her? If you give her the captives, will she follow through on her word? Would it be a good idea even if she does?

What if you gave her the captives, waited until she left, then tried to follow her? What would you find? Do you even want to know? Would it be worth the risk? 

You decide you need to know more.

“Okay, Shizuha. I’ll trust you.”

She blinks, mouth twitching upward. “Really?”

You swallow, a slimy feeling crawling up your body at what you’re doing. “Yes. Just take them and… do whatever you’re going to do.”

She smiles for just a second, before flattening her eyes and lips. “Of course. Just give me a little bit, okay?”

She spins on her heel to stare at the cage. In almost an instant, she focuses on Mystia, who’s still panting, biting the bit between her teeth, and rubbing herself on the cage bar.

Shizuha groans, then glances at you. She clears her throat. “Um, Naoko. I’ll take things from here, so just meet me in the village, okay?”

You flinch. “Alone?”

Shizuha swallows. “I’ll be as quick as I can, I promise. But…” She glances around, face turning pink. “I need to do this alone. You have faith, don’t you?”

You glance between her and the front door. No. You don’t. But you need her to think you do. And, honestly, this might work in your favor. You just have to cross your fingers she won’t sense it’s insincere.

At least, before you’ve finished.

Still, you swallow. “Okay. Be careful, okay?”

“I’ll be as quick as I can, Naoko. I promise.”

Nodding, you step toward the front door.

“Um, Naoko…”

You glance back, to find Shizuha holding a sash in her hand. You glance back down your barely-robed body. You then look back up to Shizuha, face hot. You snatch up the sash and shuffle over to your discarded underwear.

Shuffling the kimono around a little, you get your bra back on. You grab the sticky panties, then pause. You catch a faint whiff of… yourself on them, but barely. They’ll do for now. Sliding them back on, you secure your sash and, with a wave, step out the front door. Shizuha barely nods as you leave.

Idly, you glance through the open-air forge you’d marched Kogasa through, then walk toward the village road.

Then, stepping out of her little enclosure, you walk toward the road to the village.

You glance around, finding only clear skies. You poke at your collar, finding the kimono somewhat stuffy in the warm, heavy summer air. Still, you need to focus. Shizuha thinks you’re going to the village and she’ll leave the building at any moment. You need to hide somewhere to slip behind and follow her, but where? Behind a tree? A bush? You scan the woods around you.

Then you hear footsteps. Panicking, you leap into the trees, pressing yourself up against the fattest one you can find. You shut your eyes tight, feeling out the clusters of corruption around you. Two sitting still, somewhere about the forge. One moving, and another one… Shizuha moving ahead of it.

You crouch down, inhaling. If she spots you, you’ll… tell her… you got turned around? No, that someone attacked… no. You suppress the urge to shake your head, breathing fast as…

As Shizuha and the other blob take to the air.

To the… air.

Shit.

Opening your eyes, you leap to your feet and sprint in their general direction.

Your feet pound through the dirt as you shut your eyes again. They’ve left the road, heading into wooded wilderness. Hissing, you open your eyes to leap through underbrush and over cracking twigs and leaves. The light dims, spackled by the canopy overhead. You shut your eyes again. They’re further away, but you still feel them.

Them and… no, not important.

You leap and sprint a bit further, your breathing already labored. You stop to rest at a tree, feeling out for them again. Nothing.

You’ve lost her. Wonderful. Now wh…

You’re not alone. A cluster of black lust drips from the air above the trees, somewhere in the distance. Shuddering, you drop to the wet, scratchy forest floor and crawl under a wide, heavy bush.

Holding your breath, you wait there as the cluster meanders through the air above you. Once or twice, it floats toward you. Each time, your heart slams into your throat until it turns and wanders away. Slowly, its movements grow more distant.

Then another cluster appears, this one intense but tightly-packed, like… it’s Shizuha. Another, more seething cluster follows close behind. They sail past you, off to the side and low to the ground. Back to the forge, almost certainly. Once she’s gone, you pull yourself free of the bush and creep in the direction she’d come from. You’ll give your aura one thing, at least.

It’s proving damn useful today.

You wander off, hugging the denser trees. The sunlight fades, growing warmer but dimmer. Then, as you take another stop to rest, you feel Shizuha approaching again. She’s following a straight line, but not approaching you.

Either she’s going somewhere else, or you’ve wandered off course.

Cursing your luck, you wait for her to pass, then adjust course. You’ve barely crept for a few minutes before she’s leaving again. You’re close. Very close.

But that’s her second trip complete. One trip left, then she expects to see you in the village. ...If she’s not about to just pawn off Kogasa.

Either way, you need to move.

You jog forward, stepping as light as you can. You swing your eyes from left to right, finding trees, trees, and more trees. Shizuha was in and out fast, so it must be nearby. So where is it?

And, and why is it so hard to find? What kind of dungeon does she have? That-that is, it’s not a dungeon, right?

You clench your eyes shut. What if you were right and it is a dungeon? What then? Do you just ditch Shizuha and pray to achieve freedom alone? Do you try to get your captives ba…

Two faint clusters of lust, somewhere ahead and… below you. You should focus your search there and--

That thing from before is back, floating in the air above, moving toward you. Straight toward you. Your eyes whip open, studying the trees and underbrush above those assumed captives. You…

There. A hint of a window. Racing forward, you duck under a heavy branch to find a small shed. Racing up a small set of stairs to the raised platform outside, you shove the door open and leap inside, shutting it behind you.

You take a moment to breathe as you study the building. Crates, barrels, and chests fill the structure, leaving only a small swath of exposed tatami by the door. Feeling out, you find the predator from outside still moving toward you, and the other two still below you, only slightly off to one side.

Unless there’s a pit or something right next to this building, the entrance will be somewhere inside. If not, you’re fucked.

With the setting sun filtered by canopy, then by branches and small windows, you can barely identify the various crates and barrels. But still, squinting, you study the room for something, anything strange.

You need to see what Shizuha’s cooked up, get the hell out, and beat her to the village. Which means you need to see that door now.

But where the hell is it? Darkened crates, barrels and chests fill your vision. What does she even use these for? Why can’t you-

One of the crates sits at an odd angle. Looking closer, you find the faintest hint of curving tracks underneath it. On wood, not tatami. Creeping closer, you find a handle recessed into the floor, just by the edge of the angled crate.

Gulping, you squat down and lift, revealing a ladder and a barely-lit stone tunnel underneath. A trap door.

Lit from below, rather than above. Gingerly, you swing onto the ladder and, gripping the ladder with one hand, lower the door above you. As it taps shut, you take one more look into the flickering light below and start climbing down.

As you work your toward the light, you find rust-colored leaves littering the wooden floor below. What on earth…

Thump. “Whf hwih hwuhiph!”

You freeze. Shit. Shit. You never considered this. The captives could expose your presence to Shizuha. What to do, what to do…

Another thump, then yet another. You step off the ladder, looking around. A pair of thick, wooden beams rise from the floor to the low, uneven stone ceiling above, where they criscross with each other and…

And a wooden cage wall at the far end of this stubby tunnel. Nervous, you creep forward, just making out two figures on the other side of that wall. One wide and curvy, with fluffy pink hair, that metal bar in her mouth, and a…

A wide, red and brown strip wrapped around her eyes. She’s wiggling, but the grate makes it difficult to make out what she’s doing.

The other figure, with green hair and a ring gag, wears a matching strip around her own eyes as she slams her head into the wooden wall.

They’re blind.

That’s… you exhale, shuddering in relief. Good, good. Now, you’ll…

There’s a shift somewhere above you. You shut your eyes and…

Shit. Shizuha’s up there with the last captive. Kogasa.

You whirl your head around the chamber. Leather-strapped chair, hanging ropes, mysterious, empty dishes, and a couple loose crates in the corner. You need to hide. Now.

Unable to think of anywhere else, you duck behind the far column as you hear someone climbing down the ladder. Shutting your eyes, you’re-

“Quit struggling, you filthy, disgusting pervert.”

“Wrh hwe uhweha! Hwe uhweha.”

There’s a rustle, followed by a harsh thump and a muffled, pained yelp.

“And for the love of autumn, shut up.”

“Hwoheh.”

Shizuha touches down, followed shortly by Kogasa.

“Damn it. We were so close and now everything’s going to shit.”

As they pass your pillar, you shift around behind it and peek out. Leaves float up from the floor, gathering around Shizuha’s naked body.

…Yes, naked.

“I had her. She was secure until you showed up.”

“Hiwh hweh hwih-” Kogasa jerks as you hear another, quieter thump.

As the leaves cover Shizuha’s humble breasts and smooth hips, you notice something oddly dress-like covering Kogasa. One strikingly similar to Shizuha’s, though with a much shorter skirt. It folds her arms against her back and appears to tug her forward. Glittering chains hang from Kogasa’s wrists and ankles. Like the others, another strip covers her eyes, and based on the straps around her cheeks, Shizuha fed her another gag, too.

“If I could just have gotten a little more faith from her, she’d never have fucked you perverts.”

She unlocks and opens the cell door.

“If I return and some other youkai’s kidnapped her again, I’m coming back to beat all your asses. Understood?”

A reluctant murmur of agreement rises from the room, accompanied by another thud against the bars.

“Good enough.” Gripping Kogasa’s shoulder, she shoves her into the cell, closing and locking the door.

The dress melts off of Kogasa, leaving her naked once more as it gathers around Shizuha, completing her own. She gives it a couple pats, straightening the skirt. “Now, time to pick up my girl.” She turns on her heel. This is…

You were right. This is a dungeon. One that must have taken at least weeks to build. And you spent most of the past week with her, so unless outside parties were involved, she had to have finished before you got together.

Got together, huh?

As she stalks back toward the ladder, you shift around the column again. She started before that night with Kagerou, before she talked with you, that one evening. Why? Why did she want a dungeon back then? What possible use would she have had?

It… was it really for you all this time? That, that… She had no enemies at the time. At least, none you know of. No one she’d mentioned. And the reason she’d worked so hard to keep you in the dark… there’s no other explanation, is there?

Shizuha approaches the ladder. There’s… no way you’ll beat her to the village. You need to do something. Now.

You glance around, first to the cage, then the crates. If Shizuha has a dungeon, she may have restraints lying around. If you got the drop on her and tied her down, you could get to the bottom of this. On the other hand… you glance to the cage. Your captives saved your ass before. If you broke one of them out, maybe they could do so again?

But then, without keys to any of their cuffs or bars, your only hope would be Mystia. Do you want to trust yourself to the bird who can’t keep her body off you for two minutes?

Or maybe, just maybe, you should take a more direct approach. Now that she can’t hide it anymore, maybe you could confront her and get her to explain herself?

Or you’re just in over your head already. Maybe you just need to get the hell out of here and try to forget you ever knew this goddess. 
You twist around and look through a nearby crate, finding… belts. A huge pile of belts mixed with thin, wooden blocks and small widgets. You find some of the belts long, some short, some with, wait a second. Some are very short. Far too small for her waist. Too small even for a fairy’s waist.

What on earth…

Shizuha takes her first step up the ladder. Forget the belts, you need-

Those smaller ones might just fit around her wrists. If that’s so…

No time to think. You reach in, scoop out a large handful, and leap toward the ladder. Shizuha flinches as you dump them beside that ladder.

“What the…”

She turns her head sideways just as you grip her ankle and tug. She clings for a second. You tug again, tearing her free.

There’s a moment of slow, dawning realization, just before she crashes into the wood before you.

Groaning, she starts to pick herself up. Panicking, you reach into the pile and pull one of the smaller belts out. Dropping to your knees, you swing it around her exposed ankles and bind them together, buckling it tight.

“Wh- the hell?” She kicks out, half-groggy. You lean to the side, avoiding her feet just as she throws a hand out, firing out a small cluster of yellow bullets . She plants her hands under herself, pushing herself sluggishly upward.

Snagging another, wider belt, you throw it over her back. Another sloppy, wild volley launches out from her, forcing you to lurch to the side. The moment it’s gone, you drop yourself atop her back, knocking her back down.

“Who the fuck? How did you get out?”

You grunt, pulling the belt around her left arm, then around her torso. She flails, kicking the ground. You feel a burning pop as something strikes your gut, knocking the belt out of one hand. Groaning, you snap it back up and, dragging it up her right side, buckle it tight, underneath the arm.

She squirms, her left shoulder twisting as she strains to free her arm. Soon giving up, she flails her free arm, smacking it against your side as you grab another belt.

Another, loose smattering of bullets sail out from her flailing arm, all of them scattering, barely flying anywhere near you. You wrap the next belt around her free arm and torso, pinning them together.

“Seriously, what the hell!”

She twists and tugs her arms, shifting the belts just slightly.

Shit. If she gets those loose…

Sweating, you grab a few smaller belts and, folding her forearms together, snap the first on, buckling it tight before moving to the-

A swarm of dry, brittle stuff swarms around you, blocking your eyes and filling your mouth. Coughing, you spit it back out and tear it off your face. Watching them as they fall, you recognize the red, orange, and yellow leaves a split-second before they fly back to your face. Grunting, you tear them back off only to find that Shizuha’s wriggling again.

Groaning, you press her arms hard against her back and wrap another belt around those arms. You blink, amazed at your success. This was the woman whose power you depended on?

You buckle it tight and watch the way her arms strain. The split-second she gets out, you’re fucked. Sweating, you roll a third belt around those arms.

You snap the belt shut and, breathing hard, pull back. She’s still twisting and wiggling, but her arms barely budge now.

Good, good.

You exhale, long and slow. Then, jerking one leg up behind you, she slams her heel into your back. You grunt, shift her back toward the crates, grab a few more belts, and shuffle down her legs until you’re sitting on the underside of her knees. You wrap one belt around her upper thighs, then another just above those knees.

You feel a shift, then a quiet gasp. “Who the hell are you!”

Her movements grow more frantic by the time you grab the next belt and turn around, but they amount to little more than wild twisting and bucking. Panting, you slam her flailing ankles to the floor and lock one last belt around them, then pull yourself back to your feet. Her skin dips hard around some of the belts.

You’ll want to change her out of those before too long.

“For autumn’s sake, say something!”

Leaning down, you grab her by the shoulders and haul her to her feet. “Sorry, Shizuha. I can’t let you-”

She freezes, shuddering. “N… Naoko? No. It’s not you, it’s not…”

“Wrh! Haoho? Haoho! Hweh hph!”

Ignoring Kogasa’s inanity, you snatch another, longer belt from the floor and turn to Shizuha, staring her in her twitching, devious eyes. “Why does this place exist, Shizuha?”

Her lip twitches. “I, I…”

Her dress explodes. In a flash, your vision fills once more with Shizuha’s colors. Then black. A tight, leafy strip seals over your lips as more of them cling to your hands, hindering their movements.

Leather creaks in front of you as you poke and prod at your mummified face. The smell of autumn fills your nose as its taste smothers your tongue. Mercifully, after a few seconds of beating, the leaves trail off your hands. As they do, you grip at the leaves on your face and rip them off. Spitting leaves out once more, you rip them off your eyes and look around to find…

Shizuha still twisting in that mess of belts. They still dig into her skin as hard as before, in all the same places.

…As far as you can tell.

Dragging her to the nearest pillar, you drop her at its base and run your belt behind it. “Shizuha. Why does this place exist?”

“Why did you…”

Another mass of leaves rises from the floor and floats toward you, barely clinging to your sides before they fall off.

You growl, buckling the belt around her arms, just under her breasts. You step away to grab another…

You glance back. The belt sits just under Shizuha’s modest, naked breasts, pushing them up just slightly. You glance down, finding a familiar patch of blonde hair just between her thighs. Her eyes follow yours, narrowing as her skin turns red. With the dress gone, her leaves cover the floor beneath you more than her smooth, supple…

You glance away, grabbing the next belt to secure her with.

She groans. “What? Your orgy wasn’t enough?” Her breath hitches. “Now you need to fuck me, too?”

You shake your head, returning to wrap the belt around her waist, barely above the floor. Securing it, too, to the pole, you sigh. “Shizuha, you of all people know I’d never do that!”

She spits on the ground. “You just attacked me! And, and now this… how the hell am I supposed to interpret it?”

You flinch back, but grab one more belt. “Shizuha! Wh-”

“Why? Why, Naoko? How could you!”

You flinch, your very bones quaking with nervous energy. “Why? Why?” You throw the belt away, staring her in the eyes. “Shizuha, look at this! We’re in a dungeon! Your dungeon! How am I supposed to take this!”

“You shouldn’t have looked! You said you trusted me! If you just let me do my job, I could have had them locked away and, and…”

“You have a dungeon, Shizuha. Why do you have a dungeon?”

“It’s not a dungeon!” Shizuha breathes hard, still twisting her body, what little the belts allow. “It’s just, just a storeroom.” You glare. She flinches. “A… a secure storeroom.”

“With a hidden prison cell. And look at this!” You pat the belt around her wrists. “What possible waist would it fit?”

“That’s… that’s…” She sags. “It’s not what it looks like, I swear.”

“What else could it even be?”

Chest shaking, she swallows, still tugging at her belts as she looks down. “Can’t you trust people? Can’t you trust anyone? I just want to help you, to protect you. I…” her voice trembles, “I made a promise, Naoko. I had to protect you somehow.”

“Protect-” You breathe in. “Shizuha. You know who I am. What I am. I need to know what the hell this is.”

She twists, thrusting her body against the belts. She then sags, breathing hard. “It’s not important, Naoko. Please, who else are you going to trust? Them?” She nods to the cell.

You kneel down, picking the belt back off the floor. “Just tell me why you have the prison cell. What is it for?”

She gulps. “It’s not, it…” She strains, shoving herself against the belts before once more collapsing into the pole. “I never planned to use it, anyway. I was just in case, just in-”

She freezes, looking the other way.

You frown, folding the belt in your hand. “Just in case what, Shizuha?”

She glances to you, eyes wide and lips tight. “Nothing! That’s not important, I sw-”

“Shizuha. Just tell me. If you-”

Crack! Your belt delivers a resounding blow across her breasts. You pause a moment, listening in disbelief to that sound. You just… whipped her. Shaking your head, you clear your throat. Your voice takes on a harsh, brittle edge. “Tell me, Shizuha. What was this place for?”

Her mouth opens, then locks. She shakes her head, looking down.

Thwack!

She yelps, but keeps her lips shut. You grit your teeth.

Thwhack!

She whimpers. Your lips shift, a small sneer forming.

“Just tell me!”

Thwack! Thwack!

Something feels wrong about this. The way she twitches, whimpers, tries to avoid your blows. Even worse, the excitement that grows and bubbles within you as you deliver each strike. But… this place, the way she tried to hide it, and now that you’re here, still refusing to just say what it’s for…

You bring the belt back down to-

“It was for you, okay? Was that what you wanted to hear?”

You lower the belt, shaking. “So, you really were just like the rest? You’d come to me, gotten me to trust you, to, to…” Your breath is shuddering, even breaking.

Red marks cover her chest and stomach. She looks down. “No, no.” She shakes her head, bringing it back up to stare at you. “Of course, not! Listen, Naoko. You’re… you’re hard to protect, you know? I’m weak, so…”

“So you had to keep me somewhere else, so you could have my body all to yourself.”

“No! Damn it, Naoko, no!” She shudders, sniffling. “It was to protect you! They couldn’t hurt you if they couldn’t find you, so…”

“A cell doesn’t keep people out, Shizuha.”

“It could have! I could’ve locked it, taken the key, and…” her voice trails off. She glances up at you. “I know it sounds bad, but you would have been safe, Naoko. No one could have gotten you.”

You slap the belt on your palm. She flinches.

“Except you.”

“I, I wouldn’t have…”

“You got awfully sore to learn I fucked other girls.”

“That, that was…”

Thwack! She yelps, twisting her torso.

“You wanted my body, admit it!”

She hisses. “I wanted to keep you out of trouble.”

Thwack!

“You wanted to control me! To keep me under your heel!”

“You kept getting yourself fucked! I was better than any of them, wasn’t I?”

Thwack!

You knewit. She really was just like the rest.

Thwack!

Then, just like the rest, you can toss her into cell, put one of those collars on her, and...

She sniffles, breath shuddering. Glimmering moisture builds around her clenched-shut eyes. She… she’s crying. A warm, pleasant tingle crawls down your spine as you raise the belt again. Finally, now you can…

“I’m sorry!”

Your hand lowers back down. What?

“I, I, I…” She sniffles again. “I thought I was doing it for you, I swear!” She hiccups. “I, I… didn’t… I don’t know when I, when it…” She shudders. “Somehow, s-somewhere… it just, it…” She takes a moment to breath, chest quaking. “I’m sorry, Naoko. I’m s-so, so sorry. I don’t…”

She gulps, staring down her chest as she bites her lip. “I wanted you. I wanted you the way they did. I just… I just kept telling myself it’s for your good.”

Your hands fall limp, dropping the belt to the floor. Shaking, your legs stagger backwards.

Your lips tremble. She sounds so broken. And yet, you were going to, you were thinking of…

You gulp. “Then, when we, last night…”

She shivers. “Do I even have to say it?”

It’s true. It’s all true. Your heart pounds as you stare her down. What do you do? Punish her? Punish yourself? No, not here. Not now.

She quakes, voice small. “Please, Naoko. Give me just one more chance.”

A garbled chirp floats through the air, accompanied by Wriggle’s similarly incoherent, mocking shout. You glance back to the cell. Now… now what? You have four captives and no one to help you. All of them are too corrupted to trust, but you can’t control them all alone. You can’t just hole up here, and you don’t dare leave on your own. You’ll need to give some freedom to someone here.

But… who?

You’ve trusted Shizuha until now, but that was clearly a mistake. If she’s hidden this for so long, she may be even more dangerous than the others. Maybe Kogasa? You did get her kind of obedient up until now. Her mastery over tools and restraints means you’d always be one step away from bondage if she ever slipped out of her leash, but would make her very helpful in the meantime.

Mystia’s obnoxious as hell, but may be less likely to try to outright enslave you if she broke free. And Wriggle, maybe if you… no. Terrible idea. You glance back to Shizuha. She’s dangerous, but she seems contrite. If you exercised your authority now, maybe you could get her back?

Do you dare try to exercise that level of control, given how close you’d come to abusing it?

Either way, you need to rely on someone. To reduce their restraints just enough to be useful, until you can settle down somewhere safer. 
You sigh and kneel down before Shizuha. Shaking, you swallow the lump in your throat as you stare her down. She shivers, her breasts barely…

You glance away, listening to the creak of her belts. You breathe in and out a few times, slowly calming back down. “...Okay.”

Those creaks pause. You turn back to face her, keeping your eyes away from… on her face. She stares back, eyes narrow.

“Really?”

Slowly, you nod. “Yes, I’ll give you another chance.”

She twists, what little she can. “Great. Then, about these…”

“Oh, yes. Of course.”

Nervous, you reach around and unbuckle the upper belt tying her to the pole. Then, pulling it back, you peel off the one around her waist. Freed from the pole, she sags forward just slightly.

“Finally.”

Wiggling her shoulders, she turns her tired eyes your way.

You glance away. “So, do you keep any futons around here?”

She grunts, straining against the belts she still wears. “Uh, hello? I’m still smothered in these things. What, are you just going to… you’re not leaving me like this, are you?”

You fiddle with her belts, loosening up the tightest ones by a notch. “I need some time to think, Shizuha. Now, do we have any futons to use?”

She sighs. “No.”

“Great. What about blankets or cushions?”

That leather creaks again. “Please, Naoko. At least let me walk.”

You take a step toward the ladder. “Maybe later. Do you want to sleep like that, out in the open?”

The creaks pause. A moment later, you hear a garbled squeal from Kogasa, inside the cage.

“Wrh ahrh hwuf?”

“I don’t keep bedding here, Naoko.”

Of course, she doesn’t. But you need something to rest on, so you approach the ladder, only to hear a rustle of leaves behind you. Spinning around, you find them gathered in a small pile beside Shizuha.

You glance to her. She glances away, still wiggling her shoulders.

“You’re giving me another chance, right?”

“Um, yes?”

She huffs, voice tense and half-sarcastic. “Then, this is as good as I can do tonight. Enjoy.”

A small smile returns to your lips. “We’ll see.”

You step forward and settle down by the leaves, just in front of Shizuha and her smooth, nipples. You wiggle around a bit. They’re fluffy, but too coarse and rough to try to sleep on. You clear your throat.

“Shizuha. Smooth these out.”

She grimaces, but then sighs. A moment later, a smooth, soft surface forms on the top.

With the slightest tremor in your breath, you scoot to the edge, away from her, and pat the makeshift bed.

Her eyes narrow, face flushing. “What are you…”

“You’ve got nowhere else to sleep, right?”

She hisses, wiggling her body. “Get me out of these things already!”

You level a cool stare her way. “Soon, Shizuha, soon. If you don’t try anything strange first.”

She groans, but then wiggles her legs, inching toward the leaves. You roll over, facing away from you as she sidles up, pressing her belt-wrapped arms to your back.

A few muffled squeals float through the air, through the cell wall, from Mystia. Struggling to muster the energy, you manage to conjure a couple glowing hearts, which, carefully, you guide between the cell bars and slam into the far wall, earning three startled, incoherent yelps. Followed by blissful quiet.

You close your eyes, shutting out the dungeon’s lantern light. You struggle to calm a fast-beating heart, from the subtle shifts of Shizuha’s bound, naked form against your back. The way her shoulder blades rub along yours, the way her firm ass bumps against you every now and then. But as a few leaves shift, floating up, over your body to transform into a paper-thin blanket, that calm slowly, painfully, arrives. Slowly, ever so slowly, you drift to sleep.



The first thing you feel, as you return to waking, is the soft but brittle touch of leaves beneath you. Then you feel the modest breast, cupped in your right hand, draped over her side. And the firm, inner thigh underneath your left, running underneath her. As you stir, you feel Shizuha’s locked arms once more… pressing into your belly, rather than your back. Shizuha twitches, just slightly.

Why are you… what did you…

With a start, you realize there’s a faint hint of moisture at the base of your thumb, right where it rubs against her…

You didn’t fall asleep like this, did you?

Did she do this? Did you? She’s not… is she awake?

Does she want you to keep going? To stop?

Thoughtlessly, you find yourself squeezing her breast just slightly. It barely fills your hand, but the barest hint of gentle softness in its otherwise firm, strong texture drives you to a second squeeze before you fully wake. The way the areola raises ever so slightly from the breast, the way she moistens your other hand, the way her nipple…

She lets out a quiet yelp, twisting her body. Your eyes fly open. One hand jerks back, off the breast, while the other falls to the floor and you wiggling it back from underneath her. Grunting, you pull yourself to your feet and knock the leaves off your rumpled kimono.

Shizuha grumbles, wiggling in her belts. “Oh, you’re awake. Do y-”

“Wrheh hf.”

You turn upon hearing Wriggle’s dour, bitter voice. A clump of leaves barely clinging to the sides of her head, she stares at you through wooden bars, that ring still between her teeth.

“Wrh! Haoho? Hfee huh?”

Mystia. You barely catch Kogasa behind the bars, her blindfolded face downturned. Is Mystia lying down or just further in?

Shizuha glances to the cage briefly, then back to you, quizzical.

You turn away, forcing out a loud, dramatic yawn as you stretch your arms and legs. Limbs shaking a little, you make your way to the ladder.

Feeling a subtle pang of hunger, you decide you’ll eat first, then decide what to do next.

You grip the ladder just as Shizuha speaks up again.

“Not going to…” She glances down her body, inhaling. “You’re not leaving m-us, are you?”

You glance back. Shizuha lies on her bound back, looking up at you. You turn around and climb up. “I’m getting something to eat.”

“Oh.”

That’s all she says before you reach the trap-door. Pushing it open, you crawl out to the mess of crates above. Popping the lids off of them, you find a chisel and wooden mallet, a few brushes, and loose rope. Among the crates are a few clay pots which, upon opening, appear to store either water or various, rustic-colored powders. Paints? You shake your head and keep looking. There’s a couple bales of rice, but you’d need a fire or hot coals to make much use of them.

Finally, you find a crate with bags full of pickled meat and fruits. Scooping out a handful of the fruits, you pop them in your mouth one at a time. To no one’s surprise, they’re smothered in salt and near-tasteless otherwise. But as you keep munching, your hunger fades. Mixing in a little of the meat, you close your eyes to enjoy what little taste there is, feeling…

Lust.

The expected four clusters of it crawl up from below you, but they’re not alone. The same dripping lust from yesterday flies overhead. What’s it doing and why is it here?

Scooping up a bag of fruits, you scramble over to the trapdoor and gingerly climb back down.

“Good. You’re back. Now get these…”

You drop to the floor, set the bag down, and climb back up to the top. Gripping the door, you shut it over yourself and return to the floor below.

Shizuha, face flushed, cocks a brow as you turn to the bag. She’s sitting now, resting her back against the rock wall.

Pulling out a few slices of dried ume, you turn and, crouching before her, extend a hand out. She wiggles.

She turns her head away a moment. She grimaces, then huffs and returns to face you. Grumbling, she presses her lips to your hand, then bites down on a slice, pulls it into her mouth, and chews. She then eats the next in the same way, then the next.

Getting up, you turn, reach into the bag, and offer her a few more slices. As she finishes those, you haul the bag toward the cage.

Feet shuffle and you soon find Kogasa and Mystia pressing themselves to the bars. Mystia lets out a garbled but amorous coo.

“Hey! I didn’t-” She huffs, glancing down. “It won’t last long if you feed it to everyone.”

You stare back, eyes narrow. “Of course. You didn’t plan to keep anyone else here, did you?”

She turns away. You turn to the cell door and the keyhole therein.

“Shizuha. Key.”

“Are you sure you want to do that?”

“You’d let them starve?”

“You nee…” She catches herself, then takes a breath. “Be careful, Naoko. You know what they’re like.”

You answer with a curt nod. “Key, Shizuha.”

Silence.

“I don’t know, okay? I had it when you att- when you showed up.” She flexes her useless hands. “I must’ve lost it when I used my dress, but it’s got to be in here somewhere.”

You frown. She squirms, craning her neck as she scans the room.

“It’s… it’s small, dark...”

You glance around. There’s the crates, the pillars, the chair…

There. Right up against the cell walls, in the corner. You rush over and, bending over, pick it up. Cheap, dark iron from the looks of it. Palming it, you step over to the door, slip it in, and turn.

Click.

Whistling in satisfaction, you swing the door open and step inside.

Like the rest of this place, you find bare wood under your feet and uneven rock walls to your sides. But just stepping in puts you almost at the far wall. Still twitching, Mystia curls into the far left corner, rubbing up against Kogasa’s cuffed shins, a slight red tint to the skin just around her ropes. Chains clinking, Kogasa kneels down, offering a slight bow.

Both their generous, naked breasts draw your eye before you drag it back up to their faces.

A metal bar runs between her teeth, thinner than the wooden one between Mystia’s. You barely have to turn to run your hands along her cheeks. She shivers as you slide them behind her head, unbuckling the gag and rebuckling it underneath her chin.

She swallows, licking her lips. “I’ll be good, Naoko. I promise. But, uh… would now be a bad time to ask when I get to f…”

“Yes.” You step around her and to Mystia. She shudders as you approach. You crouch down and pop the wooden bar free of her lips as well, once more draping the gag over her shoulders instead.

“Please, Naoko… I can’t take it. At least let me touch…”

You ignore her, turning to Wriggle. Despite the way her legs are forced apart, and the bar trapping her wrists behind her back, she’s managed to get her shorts back over her crotch. Or… Shizuha jerked them back up? Either way, she stares back, defiant, as you undo her gag and peel the ring from between her teeth. She works her jaw as you affix it around her neck and step back.

You turn to the back for-

“I’m never going to be made your bitch, you know.”

You level a stern glare at Wriggle. She puffs out her chest. “Just you watch. I will break free, then your ass will be mine! Do you hear me? You’ll scream for mercy, but I’ll have none to give! By the time I’m done with you, you’ll be begging to eat my a-”

You jam the ring behind her teeth and reaffix the gag, pulling the straps tight around her cheeks.

“Hrph hwuu!”

“I’ll feed you later… maybe.”

Leaving her to twist, squirm, and sputter angry, gurgling shouts, you grab some of the food from the sack and offer it first to Kogasa.

She smiles. “Thanks for the food.” Rather hastily, she gobbles the food from your palm. You turn to grab more. “Um, Naoko. You know, my cage is better than this dusty old cell. You don’t suppose we could go back there, do you?”

“No!” You both turn toward Mystia at her outburst. She squirms, shifting her hips. “I, I mean… it’s eas-no, bigger here. This is already too cramped. I can’t go back to somewhere that small.”

You scoop out the next handful, bringing it close to Mystia. She gives it a cautious look. “You’re not feeding me like this because I’m a bird, are you?”

You growl. “Do you want the Wriggle treatment?”

She yelps. “No, no. I’m good, I’m good.” She buries her face in your hand, snapping up each slice, then chewing.

As she eats, Kogasa glances to her, then to you. “Um, Naoko. We are going to fuck again sometime, right?”

“That depends on whether or not I want it. Right now, we have more important things to worry about.”

She glances downward, hips twitching. “Oh. Okay…”

You let Mystia finish eating, waiting for her to finish licking your palm before unbuckling the bar hanging from her shoulders and lifting it to her lips. She gives only a defeated sigh.

“Just… let me cum again soon, okay?”

With that, she lets you jam the bar back in and reaffix the gag. You turn to Kogasa and readjust hers as well, locking it between her teeth once more. Then, taking one last look at their nervous faces, you turn and step out of the cage, hauling the sack with you. Then, setting it down, you close the door and slip the key in to lock it. Once you hear the click, you pull it out and turn to Shizuha.

Her breathing picks up as you approach, those lovely, firm breasts…

You shake your head, keeping your eyes fixed on her face as you squat down before her. She glances away.

“Looking to finish what you started this morning?”

You pause. There’s something… strange in the way she says that. Her voice is bitter, worried, and… something else. Still, you hold your gaze on her, eyes hard.

“No. You screwed up, Shizuha. I don’t know if I can trust you anymore.”

She mumbles something, looking away. “Yeah, yeah.” She then looks back. “...Sorry.”

“But…” You slide your hands around the belt above her breasts. “I don’t know if I can trust myself, either.” Gingerly, you unbuckle the top belt and slide it away.

She stares at you, eyes wide.

You release the belt below her breasts, then start to work on her legs. “I need someone to help me out around here, and I need someone to talk to. Right now, you’re the best I have.”

She lets out a clipped, sarcastic laugh. “Well, who am I to refuse?”

“I’m sorry about this morning. I don’t… know what came over me.”

“That’s… fine. It’s just… fine, Naoko.”

Your heart clenches as you recognize that tone. That need to placate, mired by wounded uncertainty.

At least she holds still, twitching just slightly as you remove her belts one at a time, working down her bare legs. Peeling the last belt off her ankles, you kneel down, slide your arms around her back, and start undoing the ones around her forearms.

You can’t help but notice how close her breasts are to yours now, or the way her uneven breaths blow across your cheek as you work. Still, one by one, you peel the belts off until the last one. Hands shaking, you finger the clasp.

“I’m not… not ready to free you entirely just yet, okay?”

She frowns. “What do you mean?”

“I-I just-I’m scared, Shizuha. I’m really, really scared. I need you to let me keep your wrists secure right now, okay?”

She jerks on the last belt a couple times, then, with a clipped sigh, she levels a cool stare at you. “...Fine, if that’s what it takes to calm you down.”

You breathe out, peeling the belt’s slack, slowly, from its buckle.

Shizuha shifts her arms, flexing her fingers. You take a sharp inhale.

“Shizuha, Shizuha. I’m trusting you here, okay? You’re not going to… use this dungeon the way you’d planned to, right?”

She flinches. “I… won’t.”

“Really? I… I, I, I really need someone to trust. I’m trusting you, so you won’t…”

“It’s fine, Naoko. I swear I won’t betray you, okay?”

“Oh… okay.” Breathing in again, you undo the final belt. In an instant, she jerks her hands away. You lurch back, drawing on your near-nonexistent magic as she flinches, then drops her hands in her lap. You snap her wrists up, sliding the belt back around them. You hear her breath catch, her whole body shaking as you draw the belt tight. She gulps, looking away as you finally buckle the belt shut.

Grumbling, Shizuha pulls herself to her feet and, with a flutter, your ‘bed’ disintegrates, recreating her yellow and orange dress once more. She rubs her hands. “So, what now, Naoko?”

You look up, into the small cavern’s uneven ceiling and the thick bar of wood running between the columns, with the dungeon’s single lantern hanging from it. “Hm…” You fold your arms. “Three dangerous, barely compliant youkai, held back only by a mix of restraints and a wooden wall, another youkai lurking overhead…”

“Another one? Damn it, Naoko. How many predators do you have?”

You fight back a whimper. “Too many.” You lean back. “Do you think Yuyuko will leave us alone for now?”

“Without you or Kogasa? I have no idea.”

“Hm…” Your lower your eyes back to Shizuha. “What would you do?”

“Me?” She groans. “We…” She lays back, pondering. “If we’re keeping these b… girls, we’ll need supplies. My shed will last us a few days with them, at best. We should probably clear out your old house, too. And above all…” she lifts back up, staring straight at you, “we need to talk, Naoko. I think we should return to the village for a bit.”

She’s probably right about the supplies and, if you’re going to rely on her, her loyalty will be most important. But… you glance back at the cell. You worry about leaving the other three to their own devices for too long. And then there’s the youkai above. If she finds you here, you’ll have nowhere to run, and no one to help you. If you look around, you may be able to get the drop on her first. And then there’s Yuyuko. If she does get pissed, there won’t be much you can do. Even if you don’t want to trade Kogasa away, maybe you could… lend her to Yuyuko for a few hours or something?
You hum, putting a hand to your chin as you glance between her and the cell. “Alright. We’ll do that next.”

Shizuha stammers. “W-what? Next?” She breathes in. “…Okay, of course. But what are you doing first?”

You glance back, licking your lips. “I need to see if I can make any use of the others.”

“Oh.” She turns her head aside, glaring at the chamber walls and wiggling her bound wrists. “Are you s…”

You study her. She grunts. “We can do without them, Naoko. You said you’d rely on me, right?”

You keep your eyes flat. “To help. I’m sorry, Shizuha, but you’re just not enough anymore. I’m… not sure you ever were.”

She turns from you to her belt, twisting her wrists. She groans. “Fine. Then, um…” She looks up. “How about I go get those supplies while you do that?”

“Sure, sure.” You turn back to the cage, walking…

“Um, Naoko.”

You glance back. She holds out her wrists. “I can’t go to the village like this, you know.”

Your eyes narrow. She raises her hands, defensive. “You wanted my help, right? This is the best way to help you, so…”

You sigh. You did choose to trust her. Swallowing, you reach forward and pull the buckle loose. Sweating, you undo it and let the belt drop to the floor. Then, you take a step back, readying your…

As your gaze returns to her eyes, you catch the hint of what almost looked like a sneer, only for it to give way to a flat, neutral gaze. She gives a curt nod, then spins on her heel and climbs up the ladder.

You wait until she disappears, then closes the trap door behind her. You breathe out a long sigh of relief before returning to the cell. Snapping up the key, you-

You pause. Mystia or Kogasa may be trainable, but Wriggle’s not. At least, not yet. You’ll need to… soften her up, first. And you should get started on that now. You could set her up somewhere close, so you can play with her while you work on the more promising captives. A light tingle climbs up your spine as you study the small chamber for a good spot. Somewhere secure, but uncomfortable…

There’s the chair with odd straps by the left wall, but you’d need to release her restraints to get her in it. That’s not happening. Otherwise, there’s…

The crates, the loose belts, the cell itself, the pillars, and the beam between…

And those ropes, hanging from the upper beam.

With a short, magic-assisted jump, you snatch the ropes and yank them down. Three of them, moderate length. No need to risk freeing Wriggle if you can just tie her down with these. But what to…

You could bind her to the pillars, but at that point, you may as well just leave her in the cell. No, you want her somewhere you could wear down on her while working. Oh, oh…

You drag them over to the crate of belts, place the lid back in position and, with some straining, get the ropes laid out underneath it.

Then, with a skip in your step, you spin around, unlock the cell door, and stride inside. Kogasa stares back at you while Mys-

“Haoho!”

Mystia rushes toward you, barely holding back from a full tackle as she presses her bound, naked breasts into your chest, nuzzling her gagged, sticky face into your neck.

This won’t work. You need to get her under control, but how, how…

You shove her back, panting. “Obey me, would you?”

She shakes her head. “Hu hoph! Hiwwee hoph hwifh.”

You growl. She pulls back, shrinking. You know what? Fine. Clearly, you’ll need to speak the only language she understands anymore.

“You want a piece of me?”

Twitching, blushing, she nods.

“Then wait a moment so I can get ready.”

She sighs, then takes another step back. Heart pumping, you whirl around and level your glare at Wriggle. She keeps her eyes fixed on the cell wall, her legs spread wide in front of her. You lean down, grip her shirt, and haul her to her feet.

“C’mon, insect. Time to stretch your legs.”

She stares back, her eyes glaring hard enough to make up for her gaping mouth. “Hwuh hoo.”

You huff, tugging her shirt forward. “Would you rather fall on your face?”

She glances to the floor, then to you. You tug her back until she’s hanging from her tiptoes.

“Hwu hiph.”

Awkwardly, she swings one foot slightly forward, then the other. With a little careful maneuvering, you get her out of the cage and up to the crate. Her eyes narrow as you step back, behind her.

“Lean forward.”

“Hwo!” She wiggles her wrists, flexing her fingers.

You plant your foot on her back and shove.

Startled, she jerks down, onto the crate. Wasting no time, you drop down, grab the ends of the ropes on the right, drag them back up, and loop them around her right arm.

She sputters and gurgles, but by the time she’s mounted a meaningful resistance, you’re tying the ropes off. As she strains and tugs, you shift to the other side and pull those ropes up. She lifts her left side to avoid them, but a simple shove to her back gets her in position. You loop the ropes around and tie them off, then step back.

She’s still grunting and tugging, but she’s stuck and bent over. You feel another tingle as you watch her frantic, pointless struggles. Then an idea comes. Licking your lips, you lean over her and slip your hands beneath her waist, where you undo the buckle on her shorts.

“Wrh hu hu hueh!”

With a quick zip, you slide your hands back to her hips and grip the waistbands both of her shorts and the panties underneath.

“Woh! Woh!”

You tug them down, baring her firm, smooth ass. Sighing in satisfaction, you lift your hand, then deliver a couple hard whacks across it. She yelps, still squirming, as you turn back to the cage.

Kogasa huddles behind the door, spit trailing from the bar in her mouth. Mystia leans back, stretching her fingers and biting down on her own bar.

You gesture outward. “Get out here, now.”

Mystia hums and scampers to your side. As she arrives, Kogasa nods and trots out, hands bouncing off her bare ass. You give Wriggle’s ass another parting slap, earning an indignant yelp, then turn your attention to them. Finally, time to see just what you can do with these bitches.

Starting, of course, with… what? You blink, thinking. They glance at each other. Groaning, you settle on the first thing you can think of.

“Bow for me.”

They lower their heads a moment, then start to pull them up until you, rather loudly, clear your throat. They pause.

“Lower.”

Mystia’s ropes creak and Kogasa’s cuffs jingle, but they lower their heads again. Still, you’re not quite satisfied. You frown.

“Lower.”

They drop down, nearly to a right angle. That’s better, but they’re slow. You need active obedience, not minimal compliance.

You nod, hoping to hide your churning thoughts. “Good. I’m… feeling generous today, so…” So what? You offered Mystia a piece of yourself earlier, and that seemed to work. Perhaps you’ll need to keep pressing on that theme for now. “So, the girl who lasts the longest gets a reward from me.”

You can barely see their faces from this angle, but as you fondle Wriggle’s warm ass, you see both brows shift, seeming much harder than before.

And so you wait.

Soon, they start to twitch and shiver, but they both hold otherwise firm. You give Wriggle a few more swats, idly glancing down her rumpled cape as she jerks and grunts with each blow. Come to think of it, what did she force you to do, back at that house?

Amid the cloud of memories that resurface at this thought, one of them puts a long, sinister sneer on your face. “Hey, insect. Wanna lick my feet?”

She shakes her head.

You shrug, still grinning. Then strike her ass again. Her pained grunt makes your heart sing, but you find your right hand growing warm and sore itself. With a quick glance, you find and pick up one of the smaller belts.

Despite their bodies now shaking, Kogasa and Mystia still hold their bows. You pause. Should you just make them keep waiting, or… no. You shake your head and step around, behind them. Nothing wrong with dropping in a new surprise every now and then, right?

“I have a new rule. You must also remain silent to win.”

Seemingly on instinct, they both utter vaguely assenting gurgles. Gripping the belt in your right hand, you give it one light swat into your left. Both of the girls gulp. You then run your left hand along Mystia’s ass. You feel it clench just before you pull your hand back.

Whack!

She jerks forward, her feet stumbling but managing to regain her balance. Kogasa mutters some strange, gurgling noise. You answer with a short, dismissive snort, then…

Whack!

Kogasa squeals in indignation. You grin. “Mystia, you win.”

She shoots upright, a warm but garbled chirp floating past the bar between her teeth. Ropes creaking as she turns around, she smiles around her bit. You grin back and step around, behind her. She lets out another garbled chirp, this one vaguely questioning, until you lean in close and wrap your arms around her stomach.

In an instant, she melts to your touch. You slide both hands up to cup her rope-pressed breasts. She moans as you start to rub them, your uncertain hands starting from the bottom and working up to the sides.

“Wrh! Hwo hwearh!”

You send a cold glare Kogasa’s way. “Tell me. Just who was it that demanded I let her stuff her disgusting panties down my throat, because I had, what was it… lost fair and square?”

Her chains clink as she holds her indignant glare another moment, then she glances away.

For a second, you roll Mystia’s breasts around, pressing them to each other, incertain of what to do next. Ultimately, you return to kneading them as she rubs her back and ass into your body. Once she moans again, you slide your left hand down, to the ropes over her pussy and the dildo underneath them. Oh, crap. You can’t finger her, so… you give the dildo a little push, instead. She shivers.

You massage it, sending little, feathery quivers up and down her spine as you suppress a relieved sigh. Her bound wings twitch as your right hand continues playing with her bound breasts. Slowly, as your hands start to move faster, small quakes start to join the host of subtler shakes and shivers.

You close your eyes a moment to savor the raw, helpless desire rolling off her.

She’s panting and moaning, nestling her back into you as she presses her crotch on your hand. A small, hungry quake rolls through your own body. You hold her pleasure in your hands. So, of course…

Your hands leave her flesh and you take a step back. She twists and moans a little more, but, grinning ear to ear, you ignore her. You wonder just what she’ll do for the chance to touch you again, shuddering at each thought that rises to your mind.

Then, remembering your goal, you clear your throat. “Alright, girls. Time for your next challenge.”

Mystia sighs in audible disappointment. Kogasa’s face perks up.

You study their bodies a moment. They can’t do much for you like this, but what do you take off?

You reach through Mystia’s fluffy pink hair to grab the buckle to her gag. Snapping it open, you lift the bar out of her mouth and drop it on Wriggle’s cape. The insect flinches and snarls as it lands.

So, naturally, you pick the belt back up and deliver a resounding blow across Wriggle’s ass, earning a delicious, pained squeal.

Mystia shudders, twisting her bound shoulders to face you. “If I win the next one, you’ll pick up where you left off, right?”

You smile, setting the belt on Wriggle’s back. “Maybe. Or maybe you’ll just get a… kiss?”

A kiss? Really?

She stares, then sighs. “I’ll take it.”

“Good.” You step out and around, to face Kogasa. She grins around her bit and leans toward you, just slightly.

You unbuckle her gag and drop it on the wood below.

She works her jaw. “Is a kiss really all that’s left?”

You frown. “You’ll see what’s left.”

She pouts. “Okay. I guess I can’t let Mystia get everything.”

“Good.” You shake your head, taking a step back. “First things first…”

You wait a moment. Kogasa’s chains clink as she shifts her weight, rolls her shoulders, and tugs on her wrist chain. Mystia’s more subdued but keeps a slightly drooling stare fixated on you. You clear your throat and plant a bare foot out.

“Kiss my ankle.”

They both blink, the glance at each other, then-

You shake your head, a twitching sneer forming. “You both lost.”

Kogasa’s head droops. “What? But we didn’t even start!”

“Then move faster next time.” You clear your throat again, holding out a hand, palm down. “Kiss my hand.”

This time, they both lean forward, only for their heads to bump into each other on the way to your hand. Kogasa reels back, while Mystia swoops in and plants a quick peck on the back of your hand.

In response, you grab her scalp and plant a matching peck on her forehead. She blushes, giggling, which cracks into a hiss as you give her crotch rope a quick tug.

You pull back, thinking. Kogasa frowns, but you ignore her. “Hm. Roll over.”

Mystia’s mouth opens, but Kogasa drops to the floor. Seeing that, Mystia scrambles down, but Kogasa’s already rolling by then.

“Good, now back up.”

They both twist and stumble back to their feet and you place a kiss on Kogasa’s cheek, giving each breast a quick squeeze as you do so.

“Alright. Give me another kiss, this time on my…” You pause a moment, then stick your left foot out again. “My shin.”

Dropping backward, onto her cuffed wrists, Kogasa swings forward and plants her lips just below your knee. She then hops back up and you give her other cheek a kiss, this time accompanying it with a pat on her ass.

“Alright.” You reach outward, pulling your sleeve up to your shoulder. They’re already puckering up and leaning toward it. “Arm next.”

Both pairs of lips land on your arm, but Mystia’s just a hair faster this time. You reward her with a kiss to her cheek, leading into a short nibble on her fluffy ear. As she shivers, panting, you pull back and undo your sash.

Tossing it aside and letting your kimono fall open, you stick out your right leg, exposing it almost to your hip.

“Thigh.”

Once more, Mystia beats Kogasa by a hair. Kogasa huffs.

Your heart’s starting to beat faster. That orgy was one thing, but this… Why, they’re practically eating from your palm.

As Mystia pulls herself back up, you lean down and press your lips to her neck, sucking on it. She shudders at your touch. You pull your lips back, running a hand over the rope crossing her right shoulder to finger the base of her wing.

You step back, clearing your throat again. You pat your stomach. “Here.”

Kogasa elbows Mystia away and squats down, planting a wet kiss on your belly button. Pulling her back up, you reward her with a quick peck on the lips. Then, as you pull away, you offer a low-lidded, sensual grin.

Twitching, moistening, you shrug your kimono off and turn around, patting your back. In an instant, you feel one pair of lips pressed between your shoulder blades, just before the other lands further down, just above your waist. You turn around to see Kogasa lifting back up.

You pull Mystia in and plant your lips, gently, on her own. Then you pull back. She pants, almost sighing.

Finally, you lower your hands to cup your own breasts, giving them the slightest squeeze. “Here-”

Mystia presses her lips to your right breast and Kogasa your left. Almost thoughtlessly, they stay there, trailing spit around your areola before finding your nipples. You’re panting now, your body hot and wet at the wet devotion they apply to your breasts.

Kogasa lands there first, sucking hard. Sighing, you shove them both off and pull Kogasa in to plant a quick kiss on her lips.

They’re just so, so… obedient. So docile.

Shivering, you glance around. As your eyes land once more on Wriggle’s bare, twitching ass, you decide to pick the belt back up and give her a few more hard whacks.

She yelps, her voice slowly growing ragged, with each blow. You set the belt down, admiring the bright red hue of those cheeks. “So, how about now? Want to taste your mistress’s feet?”

“Hrwe hu!”

You shrug, drop the belt, and return to glance at Mystia and Kogasa’s uncertain, submissive stares. You shudder and step back, bumping into the wooden cell wall. You can’t take this anymore. You need to, to…

You yank your panties down and around one ankle, then spread your legs.

“Alright. You want something deeper? Make me cum!”

They both drop to their knees and scoot forward, butting heads to get themselves between your legs. Mystia shoves Kogasa out of the way and mashes her face in your crotch, burying her tongue inside you.

Kogasa squirms a bit. “Um, um. Naoko. Could you maybe step forward a little? I’m sure I could-”

You shiver as Mystia’s tongue shifts and presses into you. “No. You w-want the k-k-hiss, y-you get in here.”

A shudder rolls through you as Kogasa nods, dejected. Then, she jostles Mystia. Mystia jostles back, just barely managing to keep her tongue inside. She stretches it up, dragging a quake from your body before her head’s knocked aside and her tongue pops free of your pussy.

Kogasa mashes her face into your crotch, rubbing her nose over your clit as her tongue plunges deep inside, grinding into you until she pulls it back. Mystia jostles her, but she holds on long enough to pound her tongue back in.

You gasp, quaking again. Mystia knocks Kogasa back out and starts sucking on your pussy, gulping down the juices that flow out. You moan, long and loud as Kogasa slams herself back in position.

They’re fighting each other. Struggling for dominance. Not over you, but to serve you.

All because they want your body, your touch. Because you control when they get it. Because you’ve denied them and you still can, if they fail to please.

Because-

Kogasa’s tongue pounds you, your body jerking to her rhythm as you feel release coming. You freeze a moment, shuddering, before another couple quakes roll through you. Mystia knocks her back again, but it doesn’t matter. You climax, pouring your juices over Mystia’s face as you do.

Eager, almost desperate, Mystia licks your thighs clean. You sigh, almost giddy, as you slide down the wall. Mystia crouches lower and lower to keep licking, but you push her aside and pull Kogasa close.

She blinks, confused but happy, as you breathe in, attempting to steady your pounding heart. You mash your lips into hers, rolling them sloppily across her mouth before pressing your tongue inside. Your own perverted scent fills your nose as you drink your own juices off her tongue, but you don’t care.

You press your tongue deep inside to taste every corner of her mouth. Her own tongue, while fast and eager, only nudges at yours. She probes your tongue from every angle, panting, but never tries to overpower you. She lets you take the lead at every chance.

But your tongue slows and pulls back, leaving a dazed, happy Kogasa, as you remember your goal. The purpose of this whole exercise. You need to, to keep testing their control, their restraint, to that end…

Of course!

Panting, you reach around Kogasa. Carefully, you… find a lock on her handcuffs. Damn it. Your eyes spin around the room, finding the key to the cell, but that wouldn’t be it, would it? No, no. You step back and pace around the small, enclosed space until… there. Under the the chair. Snapping up another key, you grab Kogasa’s wrists and slip it in.

Click.

Sighing in relief, you snap her handcuffs open and drop them on the floor. You then shoo her back. “Take the other cuffs off while I work on Mystia.”

Kogasa nods, enthusiastic, and you turn to see Mystia sucking in a sharp, excited breath. It takes you longer to work out the harness running up and down her chest, pressing those fat tits out, and keeping the toy jammed inside her, but eventually you find one of the key knots. With a little wrangling, you get the knot loose and work from there to the rest of the harness.

Slowly, bit by bit, strands fall to the floor, ultimately spooling into a heaping pile of rope. You work your way around the bound wings, leaving one last symbol of her status behind. Red marks crisscross Mystia’s belly, chest, crotch, and back. As the last rope falls, you peel the dildo out and toss it into the cell. The last thing you need is to allow them access to that for this test.

“Alright, now step back.”

Kogasa and Mystia step back, both red and panting. Mystia reaches behind her back.

“Kneel.”

They kneel down, fidgeting. You can’t help but notice how hard both their nipples are, even as Mystia starts poking at the base of her right wing.

“Hands behind your backs.”

Kogasa’s arms snap behind her back. Mystia huffs, then follows suit

You pick the belt up and deliver one last blow across Wriggle’s ass. She yelps

You glance back to her. “Still feeling stubborn?”

She answers with a long, ragged grunt. You shrug and return to the naked, horny youkai in front of you.

“This one will be easy. I’m going to fuck one of you. All you have to do to win the privilege is sit still longer than the other. No complaints, no demands, no touching yourself. First to speak out of turn, to move, or to do anything with those arms, loses. Understood?”

They both nod.

“Good, now…”

You walk around and drop yourself into the strapped chair. Face a little red at the thought of what you’re about to do right in front of them, one hand wanders to your naked breast as the other slides to your bare, moist pussy. Offering a shaking but otherwise cocky smile, you roll your hips.

Slowly, blushing, you slide your left hand up and down your breast, rubbing your nipple, as your right hand grazes your hood. Despite your pleasure at the way you control these two, the way they bend and scamper after your every whim, your body’s still cooling down from its last release. You grunt, pawing at your breast as you part your hood.

In a moment of lucidity, you realize just how dangerous this is. Any moment, they could realize their advantage and overpower you, dragging you back to the very hell you hope to escape. But… despite your heart pounding and your breath shaking at the thought of it, you realize you’re in too deep now. Either this works and you walk away with semi-usable slaves, or it fails.

And you can’t afford to dwell on that thought now.

The two stare at you, their eyes locked on your pussy. Gulping, you slip a finger inside. Your pussy clenches, still sore, but moistening. You grunt again, sliding your left hand across to your right breast. Both girls shiver. Kogasa opens her mouth, then shuts it. Mystia’s elbow shifts, then returns to its position.

Very slightly, they lean forward, transfixed. Despite the heavy, almost overbearing waves of lust wafting over you, neither of them moves.

As shaky as your position is, that sense of raw power gets to you.

Unconsciously, you slip a second finger inside. As your body warms, as your pussy starts dripping once more, as you start to pant and groan, the other two follow suit. Mystia gulps, squirming and licking her lips. Kogasa merely stares, seemingly oblivious to the shimmering strand of drool trailing from her open jaw to her fat breasts.

Slowly, you part your legs, giving them as much of a show as you can. Mystia shifts one arm.

“Ah-ah-ah!” You hiss, still stirring your fingers, grinding them inside yourself. “R-remember! One, move. And, and y-you’re out!”

Mystia hesitates, then pulls back. But a quick glance Kogasa’s way show’s she’s been considering the same thing.

“U-urgh.” You roll your hips again, this time to push your fingers in further. You moan, light and almost shrill. You’re getting close.

But, but… You grunt, leaning forward and jamming another finger inside yourself. You’re not satisfied. You’ve seen some of your control. But you want more. What… what would happen if you brought your pussy near Mystia’s face? If you dragged your ass around Kogasa?

They’d be so close, but unable to so much as touch you, if they wanted any real pleasure. A small, choppy giggle escapes your throat at the thought. Maybe they’d forget the rules, but maybe your other captive could take care of that.

And-you hiss, pounding your fingers as far as they’ll go-maybe it would be worth it, just to see that moment of frustration.

Of course, if the first girl holds it in, you’ll bring that temptation to the other one, next.

Maybe there’s a way to taunt them both at once? 
Sweating, you shake your head. No, no. Grinding your palm over your hood, rubbing your exposed clit, you clench your teeth. You’re not here to play. You’re here to test. To test and to tr…

A deep, rumbling gasp boils in your gut, then rises through your quivering throat, to escape in the form of a shrill, needy moan.

Both Kogasa and Mystia jump at the sound, somehow turning redder. Kogasa fidgets, her hips twitching.

Your fingers slow. You’re almost there, but you can’t finish. Not… not yet. Gulping, you massage your hood and rub shove your fingers inward. You hunch over, breath shaking, sweat dripping from your chin and your breasts. Juices ooze from your pussy, staining Shizuha’s-no, your-chair.

Time seems to grind to a halt. Your body screams for release and yet, you hold it back. You must. You need to wait until one of these two break.

You rub, you massage, you gasp and pant and moan. Your sweat and juices drip. Your body shakes. More than anything else, you yearn to move a little faster. To finally cu-

“Urgh. Take me!”

You glance up to find Mystia’s full, curving body lunging your way. Your fingers freeze as you shrink back into your chair. In that split-second, you realize your mistake.

And the only way you can hope to recover.

“Kogasa! Get her!”

Mystia’s fluffy head crashes into your shoulder, her arms slipping around your sides. Frantic, you press your own hands against her gut, wincing at her frantic, loud sniffing.

“We’re gonna rut like wild animals, Nao…”

Then, just as you start pushing, she’s dragged back off you. Kogasa throws her away from you.

Shaking in both fear and need, you lurch off the chair as she turns around. Then, gulping, you stagger her way.

Kogasa levels a questioning gaze your way. You simply nod to her, then the chair. Mystia swings toward you, grabbing at your breasts as Kogasa holds her back.

“C’mon, c’mon! Just a little touch! A little lick! Something!”

“No! I held back. She’s m…”

You glare. She squeaks. Mystia stills.

“I didn’t mean that!”

You grunt and grab one arm, holding tight to keep it under control until Kogasa grabs the other. Struggling with her strong, squirming body, the two of you shove her into the chair. Gasping, unthinking, you yank the nearest armrest’s belt up and around her wrist, buckling it tight. She grunts, tugging at it. With a passing glance Kogasa’s way, you find she’s dutifully secured the other.

Sighing in relief, you drop down to secure her ankles to the chair’s legs as Kogasa steps back. Snapping the last belt shut, you wipe your brow and step back yourself.

The leather creaks as Mystia tugs and squirms, but it holds. At least, for now.

She hangs her head. “C-c’mon, Naoko. You forced me on edge for hours. What could I have done?”

Pulling yourself straight, you click your tongue. “You could have obeyed your mistress. Now…” You turn to Kogasa. Sliding one arm around her hips and the other across her shoulder, you pull her close. “Watch close, Mystia. Next time, if you learn to behave, this could be you.”

Mystia whines. Kogasa’s face lies in a state of frozen excitement. Even euphoria. You groan, then plant your lips on hers. Her arms snap around your back. One hand slides up, into your hair, as she presses her face to yours. Her tongue once more surges between your teeth.

You snort in disapproval, pressing your own tongue over hers. She squeaks in surprise as you press her tongue down. Obedient, she follows your lead, barely poking your tongue with her own as you explore her mouth.

But a moment later, you pull back, breaking the kiss. She sighs.

“Now, you get the privilege of using that tongue to pleasure m…”

“Um, Naoko-”

“Mistress.”

“Yes, mistress. Didn’t I already do that?”

You blink, stepping back. Shit. Shit, she did. Um, uh…

“Oh, hey!” She grins. “Since I already helped eat your pussy, maybe I could instead eat your…”

She waggles her brows as she leaves that thought hanging. Hopeful, she glances down toward your crotch. You narrow your eyes as she cranes her neck just slightly staring more at your hips.

Then it dawns on you. Of course. She wants to eat your ass. Shuddering, you plant your hands on Mystia’s knees. “Get to it, umbrella.”

“Yes, mistress!” Kogasa clambers around behind you and buries her face between your ass cheeks, bumping you forward.

You grunt, fixing your eyes on Mystia. She glances down, muttering.

“You know, I would have suggested something nicer, like rubbing our pussies together.”

Kogasa pulls back just far enough to slather her tongue across your ass. You groan. “No wonder you lost.”

She blinks. You sigh, flinching as Kogasa drags her lips all over your ass. “You’re still questioning me, when you could be f…”

You hold back a peep as Kogasa slides her tongue from your cheeks to your crack.

Cheeks warm, you force your flustered face to scowl. “Focus on what matters. Pleasing me.”

Your hands shake, your body warming back up as Kogasa rubs her tongue and nose up and down. Mystia frowns, eyes shimmering.

“But, but…”

You shake your head. “Give it up, Mystia. You need to learn y-”

You squeak as that tongue probes your sphincter. Gulping, you level a red, flinching stare on her. “You need to-” Kogasa starts pushing “-to learn your pla-ACE!”

You squeal as her tongue breaks through, gasping as a full-body shiver rolls down you.

Panting, you wince as that strange tongue surges through you, stuffing you tight as it snakes upward, deep inside. You sigh as she pulls back, only to jerk forward, hands pawing across Mystia’s lap, as she shoves back inside you. As Kogasa’s tongue presses through you, as she pounds it in and out, you catch glimpses of…

Of moisture between Mystia’s legs. Is, is she…

“Hrrgh!” Your body clenches, quaking. As Kogasa’s tongue pounds your ass, you find a devious desire burning inside you. She needs to practice her restraint, so why not… help her out?

Shuddering, you fumble your hands up, pawing at Mystia’s breasts until you reach her cheeks. Breath cracking, chest heaving, you yank her down and plant a wet kiss on her lips. She hums in confused pleasure as you pump your corruption into her, restraining it as you stuff it in.

Her breath hitches, her body shaking. The heat, the need eases up as you pull back to stare back at her red, shivering body. She hisses as…

You jerk upward at the force of Kogasa’s tongue, scraping through your flesh. Already, that heat’s flaring back up as your body settles back down. Gasping, you plant your hands on her head, struggling to shove her further inside you. Then you hear the rattle.

“N-Naoko, you, you…”

Vision cloudy, you stare forward to find Mystia shaking, tugging at the belts, and clawing at her armrests. “I’m, I’m going to fuck you, Naoko! I, I…” She trails off, panting as she beats the chair she’s bound to. Shivering at the sight, at her desperate, fruitless desire, you shake your head. Sweat drips from your chin as you…

That tongue shoots back down, emptying you. You groan, squirming as Kogasa tastes your rim. Then you screech as she shoots back up, knocking you forward again. A wave of… of something rolls through you.

It should have been euphoria, but instead you’d felt… frustration. A hint of pleasure, but nothing more. Already, your body starts to cool, leaving bare a vast sea of need.

You sag backward, resting your weight on Kogasa’s face for a moment before pulling yourself up, off Mystia, and swinging around. Then, lightheaded, you collapse back to the ground. Kogasa looks down on you, worried.

A subtle, crooked smile creeps across your face.

Eyes fixed on her blank, hopeful grin, you lean forward and crawl toward her. She gulps. Hot and shivering, you grab one leg and sling it over your left shoulder. Then, swinging your right leg over hers, you yank her back, pressing yourself up against her pussy.

She squeals. “H-hey. Isn’t this kind of like our first…”

You… you twist your body slightly. You rub your pussy near hers, grazing her hood. How did she do this?

She squirms, panting. “Um, do you need…”

You grunt, folding her leg tight to her body as you lean down, pressing yourself tighter to her pussy. She whimpers, smiling and blushing.

“Be gentle, okay?”

You let out a shuddering, low sigh, looking into her wincing eyes.

You drape your left hand across her cheek. “No.”

Gritting your teeth, you grind your pussy down her-

You groan, pleasure lancing through you. Kogasa still squirms, but you care little anymore. You grind yourself up and down her pussy, feeling the heat, the moisture, mix with your own. Your body burns and shakes. Your breath trembles. Kogasa winces, her arms folding by her sides as her body arches.

But she’s not quaking, she’s barely shivering. While you are about to…

The pleasure builds. Your head starts to swim. Hissing, you take your pleasure and shove it down into Kogasa.

She screams, her body twisting beneath you as you grind into her. The fog fades, letting you keep going, even as juices pour from her cunt, wetting your crotch. She twists, heavy quakes rolling through her body until, with one last squeal, she falls still.

But even as she goes limp, you keep rubbing yourself on her. Her hips bounce ever so slightly with each rub, each shift and twist, but she holds still. Every now and then, she jerks, some quiet, giddy mumble slipping from her slack lips.

You frown. This isn’t enough. You need to push her further. Much further.Still grinding yourself into her, you clear your throat.

She doesn’t respond, still bouncing to the rhythm of your hips. Then, a moment later, she stirs.

“Kogasa. Slave. Get back to work.”

“But, but…”

You slam your hips into her. She jerks. Holding her leg aloft with one hand, you smack the other across her bouncing tits. She yelps. “Okay, okay!”

Sluggishly, she wraps her free leg around your back and starts gyrating.

A light, airy giggle bubbles up from within you. You could get used to this.

You lean further down, savoring the way her leg resists folding any further. You roll and press your hips, grinding into her. She struggles to grind back.

Your body grows hot, your pussy dripping, your limbs shaking. Yes, yes, yes. Even mid-recovery, she’s trying to follow orders.

You grind harder, faster. Your breath hitches, your chest heaves, your skin drips with warm, eager sweat.

She wraps her shaking arms around your back, pressing herself back into you. She’s just so, so…

You scream, your vision flashing white as your hearing, your balance, even your sense of time start to fade. You hear a distant, concern squeal as you fall forward, toward a pair of wide, soft breasts.

She’s just so… servile.



You intertwine your hands, letting out a long yawn as you stretch your arms. Mystia sags into her chair, the wooden bar once more splitting her jaw. Drool drips down her chin, to her drooping breasts and, from there, down her bare stomach to pool with the mixture of her juices and your own, between her legs.

And from there, it drips down, to the wood beneath.

You need a good bath. You’ve needed a lot of those, lately. You sit on one crate, idly stretching a small belt between your hands. Just how long had Shizuha planned this? This dungeon, that is. And more importantly, how close did you cut it? If you just kept going along with her, how long would it have taken for her to… to use this place?

For what she’d first built it for, that is. To confine you.

You set the belt down. Gripping the fabric of your hastily-donned kimono, you glance up, toward the ladder. For that matter, how long does it take to fetch supplies? She must have left hours ago. Probably.

…Possibly.

It’s hard to tell, down here. You stretch out, yawning. You rub the side of your sore ass. As sturdy as the crate beneath it is, its unyielding, rigid surface bites into your flesh. Obediently, Kogasa kneels by your side, still as naked as Mystia.

Mystia gives her restraints a few tugs. She’s done that a few times so far and, predictably, she once more gives up, sagging back into the chair. Her legs, even her torso, squirms. She shifts from side to side, pulling her legs inward. No doubt in a vain attempt to relieve her raging desire. Each struggle, each fruitless attempt to sate that need, triggers a warm, pleasant tingle with you. But it also leaves you too worried to try to peel her out of that seat just yet.

Idly, you stroke Kogasa’s soft, smooth hair. Where is Shizuha?

Nervous, agitated, you step off the crate.

“Mistress?”

You ignore Kogasa and take a step toward Mystia, then turn toward the empty cell. You walk up to the door, then spin on your heel and march to the ladder. You shut your eyes a moment, concentrating on the area above you.

It’s faint, but you can still feel a perverse presence somewhere outside. Whoever that youkai is, she’s still up there. You gulp. She should be back soon, right? She still wants to hold to her promise, right?

You rub your sides. What if she’s not coming back? You shake your head. No, she is. She has to be.

...Does she have to be?

You sigh, marching back toward the cage. Kogasa still sits by the crate, though she gives you frequent, hopeful glances. Maybe you can make do with these girls if needed. But…

“Whrh! Haoho!”

You blink, your eyes sliding toward the other crate. Wriggle still squirms atop it, her bare ass still sticking out. Grinning, you march toward her. Giving Kogasa’s head a quick pet on the way, you pick the belt back up and turn toward Wriggle. Her eyes fixate on the belt. She grunts and squirms.

You smile, stepping behind her. Those cheeks are still a rather tasty shade of red. You lift the belt.

Whack!

She screeches, then whimpers.

“Hey!”

You turn. Kogasa frowns. “That’s not what those are made for!”

Whack!

Wriggle yelps as you pull the belt back. Squeezing its leather, you turn and march toward Kogasa. She shrinks back. You slap the belt across your palm.

“Excuse me, slave? Want to return to the cell?”

She pouts, then sighs and turns away.

“Good.” You turn on your heel, march up to Wriggle, and stand behind her. You lift the belt. “How about a few more for good measure, eh?”

You stroke her red ass. She twists and tugs at the bars and belts, gurgling incoherent pleas.

Whack! Whack!

Finally, you lower the belt and circle back around to stand before her. Grinning, you kneel down and lift the belt to her spit-slick chin, lifting it ever so slightly. “So, ready to start obeying, bitch?”

Clenching her moist eyes shut, she nods.

Your grin splits into a full-face, almost giddy leer.

Oh, you’re going to have fun with…

Wait, is this what you should focus on? You take a deep breath. “Hm…”

Wriggle’s finally cracked, but Shizuha’s missing and that youkai still lingers. Maybe you should climb out and poke around outside, just to see what you’re dealing with. It’s dangerous, but you’ve got no truly safe options. But then…

Looking out, over Wriggle’s back, you sweep your eyes across Kogasa and Mystia. Mystia needs a few more chances to prove herself. Maybe you could cuff her, pull her out of the chair, and send her up in your place?

But then, if she decides to try to work out a deal with the unknown youkai…

Maybe you should stay down here. Who knows, perhaps you could still pray to Shizuha, see what that does. And if not, well, you can always play with Wriggle. 
You sigh. You’d love, more than anything, to finally pay Wriggle back for all she’s put you through. Not just a little pain here, a little degradation there. No. You want to put her through what she’d forced you through.

But… What good would that be if some other youkai manages to snatch you away again before you’re really done with her? No. If you want her pain, her humiliation to last, you need to make damn certain that no one can swoop in and ruin your life.

And without Shizuha, there’s only one way to be sure. Mystia’s too flaky and not even Kogasa’s earned your trust just yet. You’re leaving the dungeon and studying that youkai with your own eyes. You take another look at Wriggle.

Ragged hair hangs from her dejected head, drool still trailing from her lips.

Groaning, you run a hand through her hair, squeeze, and wrench her head upward. She hisses in pain, biting into her ring. You hold her there a moment, savoring her wince. Then you sigh and drop her head. As she sags back down, you step around and finger the knots holding her to the crate.

“You’re getting off for now. But you’re going to leap to my commands when I’m back or I’ll find new and exciting ways to hurt you, do you understand?”

She holds still. You slap the belt across your palm again, hard enough to sting. She flinches back.

She takes a gurgling breath. Shaking, she answers with a curt nod.

“Good.” With a little work, you free one arm, then the other. As the ropes fall to the floor, she twists those arms, failing to rattle Kogasa’s wrist bar. Gurgling in defeat, she lies over the crate. You frown. “Up.”

She groans but pulls herself to her feet. You grip her shoulders and spin her around, then give her a hard shove toward the cell. “Move, bitch.”

She holds still, twisting around to glance back toward you. Then, angling her drooling face downward, she wiggles her bare ass. She stretches her arms downward, reaching toward the hem of her shorts.

You shove the hands away and…

Whack!

She yelps, giving you a bitter glare. Then, groaning her whole body sags and she flicks her head away. Grumbling, she shuffles her barred feet toward her prison, jerking and twisting her hips on the way.

Face hard, you watch her take awkward, wobbling steps through the door. Then you breathe a sigh of relief and turn to Kogasa.

She pouts, staring at the crate. You clap your hands. She flinches.

Slowly, she raises her eyes toward you. You point to the cell. “Get in.”

“W-what? But, but, I’ve been good! And… and Myst--”

You take a step toward her, eyes narrow. “In, umbrella.”

She leaps to her feet, her bare breasts bouncing as she does so. Then, she lowers her head, not quite looking at you. “Okay, mistress.”

As she shuffles past you, you take a quick look toward Mystia. She stares back, skin still flushed, as she squirms in her chair.

You shake your head, waiting for both girls to step behind the wooden wall. As they do so, you grab the key, slam the door shut, and lock it in place.

Spinning on your heel, you march toward the ladder. You grab the nearest rung and…

“Wait, Naoko!”

You hiss, turning around. Kogasa grips the wooden bars.

“Um. If you’re going outside, could you look for my other half?”

You blink. What? Her other…

Her umbrella. That… no, you shake your head. “I’m just going for a quick walk outside. Maybe later.”

“Oh…”

You turn back to the ladder, climbing up a couple rungs before she pipes up again.

“B-be careful, okay? I don’t think I’m being held by a good person…”

You shake your head. “I’ll be fine.”

You climb the rest of the way up, throwing the door aside and climbing out, into the mess of boxes. Daylight filters through the windows and you take the chance to breathe in the fresh air before dropping the trapdoor shut and settling atop it.

Slowly, you close your eyes, feeling out for the presence.

Small pinpricks of faint desire float through the air, all too weak and distant to care about, save the one that had caught your attention.

It’s slowed down, almost dead still, several paces behind you, outside. Good, you have some distance. Opening your eyes, you creep toward the door, breathing soft and slow.

You lean against the door, pausing to double-check that youkai’s location. Still calm, still a good distance. Gently, you slide the door open and slip through it. Once back outside, you nudge it shut and creep around the outside of the shed, stepping toward the figure.

Splitting your attention between the tightly-packed trees around you and the figure ahead, you realize that something feels… familiar. The lust drips off of her. It eddies and swirls, but it’s nothing like any of the girls you know. So why does it…

You shake your head. Nothing comes. Was it one of the first assailants? Someone who’d almost pinned you down, only for you to slip away? It certainly wasn’t anyone who attacked you after you’d learned to sense these things, or you’d know who…

A branch crunches under someone’s foot.

You flinch, ducking between a wide pine tree. The presence moves, accompanied by a faint sigh. She’s close. You wait there, heart beating, until you feel the presence shift, moving away. You twist and angle your out, around the tree.

Then you spot her.

The sailor girl. The one… from the temple? She struts between the trees, her eyes wandering. You return to pressing yourself up against the tree. Why is she here? Why does she want to fuck you?

You’d barely even met, only at the temple after you escaped from Mystia. Shou saved you, you met her and a monk, then there was a mock duel. She antagonized you, threatened to rape you, and then…

The beam. The first time you’d used your aura on anyone deliberately. You didn’t even mean to, but…

Was that it? Or was she sincere in her threats beforehand? If she was, how had you avoided her until now?

Just how are…

“Hey!”

You bite back a scream and clench your eyes shut. It’s okay, it’s okay, it’s okay…

You have some magic. You’ll just burst out, fire off…

She’s moving further away. You blink, gasping for breath. Shaking, you peek out again to find another figure among the trees. Something very… green.

Deep green dress, pale green hair, very long side bangs…

It’s one of Okina’s minions. Mai something.

What the hell is she doing here? Is she looking for you? If so…

The sailor-Murasa, that was her name-jogs up to her and starts talking. They’re too far away to hear.

Gulping, you slip out from the tree and creep forward. One step at a time, you tiptoe around the loose branches and roots. Slowly, bits and pieces float out from the conversation, just loud enough to make out.

Something about… balls? No, something small, or quiet…

Carefully, you creep from tree to tree, edging closer. Murasa steps back, frowning.

Mai steps forward, pleading.

You slip one more tree forward, now dangerously close.

“...some of the finest wine you’ve ever seen!”

Murasa rubs her chin. “Look, sorry. I’m kinda busy right now. I gotta…”

“Find Naoko, right?”

She flinches. “Uh, yeah? You’re not thinkin’ o’ tryin’ to stop me, are ya?”

She shakes her head. “Don’t worry. I’m on your…”

A finger pokes your shoulder, slamming your heart into your throat. Biting back a scream, you spin around to find another familiar face.

Soft brown hair cascading around a not-quite-vacant stare. An expression clouded by passive disinterest or amusement, but with something strange underneath.

A face topped by a floppy, shoe-shaped, black hat and flanked by absurdly long bangs.

You glance back to the couple and find them walking away, into the distance, Murasa asking Mai questions.

Softly, the intruder’s voice floats to your ears. “It’s time~”

You lick your lips, swallowing. “Time for…”

“Our mistress has decided to call in your favor. She’s throwing a party for you. Come, this way~”

You spin back around, studying her. She smiles, that faint hint of emptiness lingering in her eyes. “If I…”

“Now, now. Do you want to make her angry?”

Your jaws snap shut. A goddess who could steal you away at any moment, who could disappear you to do whatever she wanted, or even dump you anywhere in Gensokyo? Slowly, twitching, you shake your head.

“Good, now,” her eyes harden, “this way.”

She spins around and, dumbly, you nod. Then you follow. Together, you step back between the trees, return to the shed. You take one fleeting glance through the window, a nervous, fluttery sensation floating through your gut as she comes to a stop.

She’s not… going to ask for your captives, is she? Wait, what if she doesn’t know? Would that give her any…

She clears her throat, rapping her hand on the door. “Ready?”

Twitching, you nod. She grins and pushes the door open. A faint, warm light shines from inside, spilling out into the canopy’s shadow around you. A light you’re certain wasn’t there when you left.

Of course, you’re dealing with the mistress of back doors. That could be leading anywhere. She holds a hand out, gesturing inside.

You gulp. Once you walk in, you’ll be alone. Again.

As unreliable-no, dangerous-as those other girls have been, the world seems more sinister without them.

Somehow, you’ll need to do whatever this favor is alone, if you’re ever getting that goddess off your back.So, taking in one last, nervous breath, you step inside.

Inside is…

A shimmering mahogany desk, with a thin, shallow box on it and a tall chair behind it. The chair faces away from you, flanked by two smooth, oak doors as it rests against the desk. The materials alone are probably worth more than your entire family’s farm.

The door behind you clicks closed and the girl steps out from behind you. She stops at the desk, then turns back to you and gestures you approach. One step at a time, you walk up beside her.

“Now, all you need to do is serve a few drinks and entertain this party’s guests. You can do that, right?”

She runs her hand along the box.

You study the box, wondering what lies inside. “That’s it? No tricks? No…”

“No tricks.”

You flinch. That wasn’t her voice. That was…

The chair swings around, to reveal a familiar pair of dark, cutting eyes, framed by wild blonde hair and topped by a dark hat with little… bits pointing out to the right and left.

The goddess these girls serve. The one you owe the favor to.

She lounges in her hair, both elbows planted on the armrests and the heel of one arm wedged into her cheek. Faint wisps of lights radiate off her, like small, ethereal flames. Green, orange, blue…

She pulls herself upright and brings her hands together, interweaving her fingers as the faintest hint of a sharp smile graces her lips.

“Now, you also need to entertain me. That is, after all, why you’re here.”

You hold your stare as she takes another step forward. “Entertain you… how?”

“Oh, it’s easy. Just get my guests to make fools of themselves, would you?”

“I-what?”

That smile disappears. “Oh, is that beyond your capabilities?”

You take a step back. “I don’t-”

Her lips curl into a faint snarl. “Now, now. Surely even you must realize what I’ve done for you. How many times I’ve saved your dainty little ass. You’re not going to turn your back on me now, are you?”

“I…” You sigh. “How do you want me to embarrass them?”

She beckons you closer. You lean forward. Flicking her hand out, she lifts a finger to your lower lip. “I’ll leave that to you. After all, I can’t ask anything… inappropriate of you, now can I?”

“What does that…”

The other girl clears her throat. “Satono, show her the uniform.”

You turn to Satono. She pops the lid off the box, revealing a deep red dress with pale lavender trim and a white… bib. A dress that looks oddly familiar. It’s…

It’s her dress, but in a different color.

Atop the dress, you find a pair of red shoes and a dark, floppy hat. Like the one she wears.

You turn back to Okina.

She shrugs. “You’re working for me right now, aren’t you?”

You turn from her to the dress, thinking. Why does she want you to do this? Just how would you make fools out of a crowd of people you don’t know? To make them act outside what they’d otherwise find acc…

Your aura. That’s why she’s using you. You glance back to her, eyes narrow. She grins back. You… can’t do that, can you? You shouldn’t, right? Your very future depends on precisely the opposite.
You reach into the box and, running your hand through the surprisingly soft cotton, you lift the dress out. “You want me to make a mess? Fine. But we’re done after this, right?”

She leans back, chuckling. “Oh? No thanks? No appreciation for all the effort I, a great sage, put into protecting and aiding your sorry ass?.” Slowly, she positions one curling hand beneath her cheek and slouches to the side. “Well, no matter. There’s plenty of fish bigger and more exciting than you. Now, hurry up and change, would you?”

“...Here.”

She snorts. “What? You want me to turn around for your modesty?”

You flinch back, hairs raising. How dare she… no, no. Whatever her game is, fighting her here won’t help you. So, swallowing your pride, you undo your sash and shrug off your kimono. You send a nervous glance Okina’s way, only to find her sharp eyes slanting in…

Boredom.

An irritated twitch flicks through your body, even as a quiet sense of relief rides beneath it. She’s disregarding you, entirely.

But, mercifully, she doesn’t want to fuck you. At least, as far as you can tell.

Grunting, you step out of the discarded kimono and lift the dress out of the box. You’re… going to wear this odd, ugly thing.

You groan. Better something ugly than trying to go naked, at least. With a little guidance from Satono, you get the dress up, over your head, then onto your shoulders. Soon afterward, you’ve got the shoes figured out and strapped around your feet, then…

You lift the floppy hat out of the box. This… this is going on your head. This stupid, floppy… thing.

“Ready, Naoko?”

You gasp, then turn to your left. Satono stands there, holding a silver tray with a bunch of cups on it, each filled with what smells like sake. You shake your head, then drop the thing on your scalp.

Adjusting the hat to sit better on your head, you level a firm, professional smile her way. At least, what you hope is professional. “Ready.”

“Good.” She extends the tray. Taking one last breath to calm your nerves, you accept it. She points to the door behind you. “Serve one of these to each guest, understood?”

You nod. She steps to your side and rests her hands on your shoulders, squeezing the soft fabric. Firmly, she guides you to the door you came from. Then, letting go, she steps aside and plants a hand on the door’s round handle.

For a moment, you close your eyes, breathing in and out. Corrupting a crowd of youkai will be easy, but getting out in one piece? Hoping Okina will protect you from the results, you adjust your grip on the tray and open your eyes.

She twists, then pushes the door open, revealing a brighter light beyond and the faint sound of feminine chatter. Wasting no time, you step through. A wide, low table of smooth, fine pine fills the room you walk into, surrounded by six familiar figures sitting on seven colored cushions, the one closest to you left empty.

Two polished doors rest in each wall, with tasteful portraits hanging between and around them. Each image depicts a rather striking, powerful figure, but holds no other meaning to you.

The six guests sit in three isolated pairs. To your left sits a prim looking woman, shoulders stiff, with a familiar, sailor-suited figure clapping her back through the mane of smooth brown hair running down it. Across from you, a pair of women clad in pastel colors whispering to one another and, once or twice, giggling. One, a soft face framed in fluffy pink hair, the other a sharper, red-eyed grin framed in lavender. You clench your teeth, fighting a shiver at their presence. To your right…

“Oh? Why, if it isn’t the talk of the town?”

A familiar, cocky grin bares down on you as the discussions cease and all faces swivel your way. Aya. And n…

There’s a hard thump on the table, as the girl next to her locks a pair of wide, frozen eyes with you. Frozen eyes with just that faint, dour hint you’re used to seeing.

Shizuha.

Why is she… wait, Aya, Shizuha, Yuyuko…

A fist slams into the table, jolting you to attention. Murasa groans. “Oh, hey! Took you long enough!. Those are our drinks, right?”

You glance down to your tray.

A soft, lady-like giggle floats on the air. Remilia frowns.

You clear your throat. “Oh, right. Yes.”

Remembering your mission, you step up to Kagerou’s side, then kneel down. Carefully sliding your one hand further beneath the platter, you rest it partially against your gut and gingerly lift the other hand away. It wobbles slightly, but you manage to keep the cups from spilling. More eyes wander your way as you lift one cup from the tray and set it before her.

She smiles and nods, gently fingering her cup. As she does, you rest your eyes for a split-second, feeling out her aura. Her lust floats on the air toward you, but it’s slow and somewhat… muted. Gulping, you push your aura out, just slightly, and feel the way it clings to her.

Then, opening your eyes, you gingerly move around behind her, up to Murasa’s side.

She grins, her eyes sliding up and down you as she lifts the cup to her lips. “Finally, some drinks.”

Gulping, you feel her out as well. She’s…

Dripping, pouring out around you. You’re half-impressed she hasn’t jumped you yet. Moving along, you serve the women at the back, Remilia and Yuyuko. They answer with polite nods, but little else. You catch only the faintest hints of any desire from them and so make sure to push quite a bit more into them.

Aya is… not much different from before. Her corruption still swirls around you, wafting around you and clinging to you. As you set the cup by her side, she gives you a thin, amused grin.

After her, you place the last cup down by Shizuha’s side. As the cup touches the table, she jumps, her eyes leaping to you before they freeze, wide open.

“Naoko. Why are y-”

“She’s your server for the day, of course.”

You look up to find Satono pushing an elegant, rolling seat forward, which Okina lounges in. Satono stops shortly before the table. With a flourish, Okina stands up, then settles to her knees on the last cushion. She locks eyes with you, then glances downward to…

To your tray, with one cup remaining. Blushing, you slip around Shizuha to place that cup by her side. You take a step back, glancing back to Shizuha and…

“Now that we have our drinks, how about you serve us some snacks.”

You blink, opening your mouth just as a hand grasps your shoulder.

You glance back to find Satono staring back.

She gestures back to the door you came from. Without any further words, she nudges you back to your feet and away from the table, guiding you to the door. As she does so, Okina plants her hands on the table.

“Dear guests, in light of recent troubles, I’ve chosen to ease your burdens and get to know you…”

At a rather insistent tug from Satono, you tune her out. Grasping the empty tray, you find yourself shuffled to a new, dimmer room lined with shelves and counters. Carrots, potatoes, baskets of berries, and numerous other plants fill the upper shelves, while packaged meats fill the lower ones and, off to one side, you find a series of shelves filled entirely by assorted bottles.

“Over here.”

You blink to find Satono pointing to the counter, where Mai places the last few thin slices of meat onto a skewer. A skewer among another couple dozen or so, all laid out on another silver platter. She lifts it and turns to you.

Blinking, you set your own down on the counter and grab hers. But no sooner are you done then both of them nudge you around and push you back to the door. You stumble back out into the party, to the tune of Okina continuing her speech.

“Whether today, tomorrow, or some distant future, I hope you all…” She passes a sidelong glance your way. “Hope you enjoy this party. Cheers!”

She lifts her cup toward the center of the table. Reluctantly, the other guests follow suit. Except for Murasa, who thrusts her cup forward with aplomb. The cups click together and they all fall back to their chairs, drinking them down.

Crouching down, you pass the skewers from guest to guest, letting more of your aura out. Little has changed and, barring the occasional sidelong glance, no one’s paying any more attention to you. So, you…

A hand tugs your skirt. You turn back to find Murasa grinning your way. “Hey, cutie. Mind refilling my cup?”

You glance at Okina. She rolls her eyes. “Why don’t you get everyone here a refill?”

You blink but then, stiffly, nod and turn on your heel. You scurry back to scrounge up another tray, then grab the cups. Mai pulls a couple bottles from a nearby shelf and sets them down, beside you. Carefully, you pour the sake into each cup, then, setting the bottle back, nestle the tray into your gut and march back out.

In short order, you have the fresh cups set by each guest. You take a second, breathing, to slip behind Yuyuko and Remilia, both of whom carry very little of your aura, and push as much as you can hope to get away with into them.

Remilia twitches and you jump back, biting down a squeal.

But no sooner do you catch your breath than Okina orders you to do away with the old cups. And by the time you’re back in the kitchen, Satono pops in to order more snacks.

As you step back out, you notice a subtle shift, now. Murasa’s watching you more, Kagerou’s avoiding your eyes, and Shizuha’s just short of glowering.

While you were gone, Yuyuko had started a story about some vengeful ghost, who attacked…

Okina clears her throat, shaking an empty cup. You groan, then snatch it and return to the kitchen to get more drinks.

Then, barely a moment after you return, you’re called to fetch another round of drinks, then sweets. Around and around you go, barely finding time to squeeze more of your aura out each trip. Slowly, the girls finally start to demonstrate more interest in you. Aya and Shizuha’s eyes start following you every time you arrive. Kagerou keeps her attention fixed away each time, a blush staining her cheeks. Murasa openly leers. Remilia slumps over her drink, fingering the cup’s lip while Yuyuko shifts her weight. But both still give you only passing glances.

Just as you’ve set the latest platter down and start making your way back, Shizuha grips your shoulder and spins you around. She’s glaring at you as she pulls you close. Voice low, she whispers, “what the fuck, Naoko?”

You blink. “What do you…”

“You’re corrupting me, aren’t you?”

“Look, Shizuha-”

She inhales. “Look, Naoko. I’ve been patient. Even after you betrayed me, I’ve held back. I thought you might have been right. But if you keep doing this…”

“Please, Shizuha. It’s not my choice.”

Her voice grows ice cold. “Explain. Now.”

You glance back to Okina. She frowns, shaking her head. You return to Shizuha. Her glare…

You gulp, dropping your voice to the faintest whisper you can manage. “It’s my job. Okina’s orders. If I don’t, she could…”

Shizuha glances between you and her. Okina shrugs, as if she’d heard the whole thing.

Shizuha’s hand shakes. “Okina…”

She glances back around the room, speaking under her breath. “Me, Aya, Yuyuko, the vampire, and…”

“The wolf that attacked me, and the one I’d… um, blasted.”

A finger of hers points outward, bouncing from person to person. “Then, they’re all-no, we’re all…”

Shizuha pulls herself out from the table and staggers to her feet. The nearby chatter dies down. She straightens her back in response. “E-Excuse me.”

She marches around, behind you, straight to the left door behind Remilia and Yuyuko.

She throws the door open and marches through. Then comes out from the one to its right. Scanning the room, she turns and marches back through, only to come out from one behind Okina, the one you’d just been using. She blinks, glancing to you, then to Okina, who wears half of a vicious grin, slowly creeping across her face.

Yuyuko and Aya chuckle. Murasa snickers.

Spinning on her heel, she marches back through that door, only to come back out from behind you. The table breaks out into scattered giggles. Turning red, Shizuha studies the walls, then shuffles back up to your side. “Naoko, we need to-”

A hand taps your shoulder. You spin around to find Mai staring down at you. “Get these girls a few bottles. You know where they are.”

You offer an apologetic smile to Shizuha, then pull yourself away. You stride around behind Okina and, as you leave, find her minions stepping up onto the table.

Slipping through the door, you shut it behind you and take a moment to breathe. Something about that show with Shizuha sends a cold tingle down your back. You glance down your white bib and gaudy red dress.

If this goes poorly and Okina doesn’t bail you out, then…

No. You shake your head and reach for the booze shelf. Even here, a half-sigh escapes your lips. Even the sakes on display would likely cost more than your farm, to say nothing of the western wines, the beers, the spirits…

Grunting, you pull out a bottle of high-grade sake alongside one of some strange beer. Then, sparing one last glance for those shelves-you pause, staring at the shelf beneath.

A wide range of herbs and spices fill the shelf, but one in particular stands out to you. A very peculiar kind of ground root herb, one whose texture looks awfully familiar. Curious, you pull it off the shelf and peel the lid open. Even a brief whiff tells you exactly what it is. Something you’ve never heard the name of, but which you’d seen your neighbors use to sedate their cattle. Why would…

Whatever. Your whole mission was to please Okina and now is not the time to drag your feet. You spin and toss the door open once more, marching back through. As you do, you find Okina’s minions spinning around, elbows linked. Mai throws Satono around herself, then sets her back down. Somehow, they manage not to kick anyone’s cups away.

As you stride toward the table, you feel something different in the air. Something you can’t quite…

Aya’s eyes snap to you as you approach the table, but it’s another pair that gives you the willies. Murasa looks you up and down, a crooked, goofy smile plastered across her face. You ignore her and step up beside Okina-on the side away from Murasa-waiting for her minions to calm down.

A hand claps your ass. You spin to find Aya’s smug, sloppy grin.

Okina claps and they slow their motions, bowing to the women beneath them. You set the bottles by Okina’s cup and, slipping back around, step back to-

A hand grips your wrist and yanks you back to the table, followed by another one snapping around your shoulder.

Murasa gives you a sloppy, half-lidded gaze as she jerks you forward. “Why don’ you sit on m’lap?”

You hear an indignant screech. “Lay one finger on her and I’ll…”

You blink, twisting slightly as she presses down, shoving you to your knees.

You grab her arms, pushing on them. She responds by sliding her hands down your back and pulling you close. “C’mon… just gimme a little,” she hiccups, “kiss.”

You jerk again, straining to pull away from her lascivious gaze. “Ma’am, please. I have work to-”

She snarls, one hand reaching up your back to run through your hair. Gripping it tight, she yanks your head forward, smashing your lips into hers.

A couple airy, feminine gasps rise from the table, accompanied by a rather raucous whoop.

You squeal, twisting and pulling as her lips lazily part, a sake-drenched breath wafting across your nose. You grunt, pushing against her body as her right arm slides slightly, the elbow landing against your back.

She leans forward, her tongue beating into your teeth.

You fumble for her shoulders, still pushing and straining. She twists your hair. You bite back a pained hiss. Just barely, you manage to hold your jaw closed, denying her entry. She slides her left arm back to your ass, giving it a firm squeeze.

You grunt and yelp. Then a new pair of arms slides around your gut. Your eyes fly open, but all you see is Murasa’s eager, green eyes staring back. For a split-second, you freeze in confusion. Your lips part slightly and her revolting tongue slides…

The arms around your gut slide to one side, making room for a second pair. Someone’s fat bust presses into your left, a smoother chest pressing into your right. You start thrashing.

A moment later, they heave, ripping you from Murasa’s grip. As your lips part and you’re dragged off her, you glance to your left. Satono’s flat gaze stares back. To your right, Mai grins.

Lifting you back onto your unsteady legs, they step away. You stumble backward a half-step before recovering your balance. You gasp.

Murasa stairs back, her sour gaze sliding to either side of you. To Okina’s minions. Mai steps toward her, waggling a finger. “No harassing the staff.”

Murasa grunts, turning aside. “Oh, come on. You expect me to just ignore a girl that cute?”

Mai shrugs. “Yes.”

She huffs. Satono sighs. “Say, Naoko. How about you fetch her another drink?”

You flinch, locking eyes with her. “What? Why?”

“Well, we can’t trouble our guests too much, now can we?”

“She attacked me! Shouldn’t you kick her-”

Okina clears her throat. Loudly. You gulp as she turns to you. She’s still grinning. As if that attack was part of some master plan. “Get her a drink, now.”

Shrinking back, you meekly nod and turn back to the kitchen door. Striding through it, you shut it behind yourself and study the room. You take a few deep breaths. If your mission was to rile the youkai up, at least you’re succeeding, but…

If you go back out there, that will happen again. Okina might bail you out afterward, but she won’t protect you. Not fully, at least. What can you do, what can you do…

You shuffle back to the booze shelf. Okina wants you to keep as you’ve been going, no doubt. You don’t dare challenge her, but… Murasa’s far from the only girl in there who wants a piece of you and you’ve still got some corruption left in you. If you loaded them up on the hardest booze you could find and poured out everything you had left, maybe you could get them to fight each other for you.

It… didn’t work with Kogasa and the wolf, but if there’s enough of them, then maybe?

Your eyes wander back to that herb, another thought rising. You’re not sure if it’d work on youkai, nor how much you’d need, but you won’t piss her off if it fails, anyway. If it did, then… Okina couldn’t get too upset, could she?

You lick your lips, waiting a moment to calm the shivers in your arms. Once prepared, you pull out a bottle of sake and nestle it into your gut. Taking a few quick breaths, you turn and push back through the door, returning to the main room.

Murasa waves as you approach. You gulp, but keep your eyes on the table and march forward. One foot in front of the other, until you stand between the pervert and the wolf girl. Murasa’s hand pats your ass, rubbing it as you pour her drink.

You breathe in and out until the cup’s full. As you lift the bottle back up, you find the wolf girl staring your way, her own cup raised.

You turn the bottle her way, only for her to lower the cup back to the table. Frowning, you nudge Murasa’s hand away and kneel down, lowering the bottle toward the wolf’s cup. But as you start to pour, she leans toward you and slides a hand across your shoulder, fingering your hair.

“Please, miss, don’t…”

She slides her other hand across the opposite shoulder, giggling. As you finish filling her cup, you glance to her flushed, sloppy face and find her puckering her lips.

You shake your head, pulling back. But she growls and tightens her grip, forcing you forward as her sake-choked breath smothers you and she…

A pair of hands slip beneath your arms from behind and rub your breasts through your dress. You yelp, startling her.

“Woo!”

You glance aside to find Aya grinning and sticking her thumb up. Okina chuckles, slouching back.

You shake your head and set the bottle down, then grab the wrists under your arms, tugging hard on them. You crane your neck, staring over your shoulder to Murasa’s drunken grin. She hiccups, rolling your breasts as she does so. Gripping her right wrist with both hands, you yank it off. She gasps, squeezing your left breast and she returns to your right.

You leap to your feet, snap the bottle back up, and take a step back. Yuyuko sighs, shaking her head. Okina frowns.

Breath shaking, you turn around and…

Feel a pair of sharp-nailed hands grab your thighs, accompanied by a low growl. You grab at Kagerou’s wrists, just in time for her to spin you around. Her hands then slide to your ass as she buries her fluffy brown mane in your crotch. Panting and taking long, loud sniffs, she rubs her face between your thighs.

Remilia whistles, Yuyuko giggles, and Aya whoops.

Okina snorts, smiling as she shakes her head.

With your hands full, you’re forced to stand, letting her sniff and rub you until, finally, Kagerou pulls back. A wide, sloppy grin sits plastered across her face.

The second she lets go of your hips, you stumble forward and swing around to Yuyuko’s side. She and Remilia giggle as you refill their cups, but hold back from touching you. Uncertain, you spare a brief glance Okina’s way. She still smiles, though with an edge of… expectation to it. Is she waiting for you to do something? For them to do something? Something other than what they’re already doing?

Whatever it is, it hasn’t happened yet. Which means you’re not done yet.

Gulping, you push just a hint more of your aura into Remilia and Yuyuko, then move on to Aya, then finally Shizuha. She glares across the table as you step away and…

Murasa slams her cup into the table. “Gimme another round, babe~”

You glance to Okina. She ignores you, but you catch Mai, standing behind her, frowning at you and nudging her head in Murasa’s direction. With a quick bow, you shuffle your way back to her. Stepping between her and the wolf again, you kneel down and-

Murasa swipes the bottle from your hands and slams it on the table before her. You barely have time to blink before she yanks you back down, shoving you into her lap.

You glance around, grabbing the arms that pin your waist against her. Then, holding you firm with her left arm, she lifts her right hand up, behind your head. “Alright, girls! What should I do with her?”

Yuyuko coos. “Tickle her, tickle her~”

Shizuha glares, leaning over her cup. “Let her go, she…”

Aya smacks a hand across Shizuha’s back. “If she’s not enough, there’s always me~”

“No, no, no…”

You squirm in Murasa’s lap as Remilia rolls her cup. She flashes a toothy, crooked grin your way. Satono and Mai prance off, peeling open the door behind her and disappearing.

“Do you just want to play with her, or make her beg for your touch?”

You tug on Murasa’s arm, then pause as Kagerou swings a leg over your lap and drops herself atop your thighs.

Murasa rubs your hair. “Begging, huh? I’m listening…”

Remilia pauses, her grin growing wider as she takes a slow, dramatic sip. Gently, she sets the cup back down. “Massage her. Rub her. Taunt her. Warm her up, then leave her to fester.”

Aya coos. “If you need some help, just watch me~” She slides her hands over her breasts and massages them through her blouse. Shizuha snorts, eyes dark and lips tight.

“Hm…” Murasa’s arm leaves your body, but Kagerou’s weight keeps you pinned in place. Her hands slide up and down your sides. “You say that, but where to begin…”

Yuyuko giggles. “Don’t forget to let the rest of us have a turn with her~”

You let out a shaky, quiet laugh. “Um, you don’t have to. If… if you need entertainment, then I could…” Kagerou’s hands slide up your cheeks and pull your eyes to hers. They’re low-lidded, looking straight at you.

She licks her lips. One hand leaves your cheek to slide down to your bust. She leans in close, her breath once more smothering you.

You gulp. “I, I could…” Nothing comes to mind. As she presses her lips to yours, whatever ideas you had fray away. As she bunches your bib into her not-quite-claws and breathes deep, you brace your hands on Murasa’s arms. Kagerou’s muscles tense. You want to fight, to resist, to assert yourself. But…

You can’t fight her. Where is Okina? Where are… plates clink and fluids pour into cups. They’re serving the guests. They’re ignoring-

Riiiiip.

She tears your bib away and claws at the rest of your dress.

Shizuha screeches. “Hey! She’s m-not your toy!”

Murasa cackles, rubbing her hands over your gut. “Oh, c’mon. You’ll get a turn! Just give us a moment, would ya?”

Remilia clicks her tongue. “Such barbarians. There are far classier ways to strip a girl.”

As Kagerou yanks the buttons off your blouse, Murasa unties the ribbon on your waist. The whole time, Kagerou mashes her face into yours, her tongue soon pounding against your teeth. Panic rises, pushing you to shove against her arms, but something’s come over her, now.

As she rips your blouse wide open, her lips pop free of yours. You sigh in shaking relief, having escaped a fast-deepening kiss. Until she plants her lips on your neck, sucking hard. Then Murasa pops your bra up, exposing your breasts.

Yuyuko and Remilia only giggle and grin at your troubles. Shizuha’s glaring, but hasn’t moved, and Aya…

She’s rubbing herself, right between her squirming hips.

Murasa rubs the underside of your breasts as Kagerou kisses lower, this time on the collar bone. Murasa’s hands slide up, cupping your breasts and pushing them together. As if on cue, Kagerou scoots back a hair and buries her face between them, breathing deep.

As Murasa’s hands leave your breasts to return to your stomach, Kagerou pops her face out and licks one breast, planting her lips over the nipple. You gulp.

Then a hand slides between your thighs, slipping under your panties. Shaking, a whisper falls from your lips.

“No, please…”

“Shshsh….” Murasa chuckles. “We’re all friends here~”

Kagerou lets go of your breast, kissing the other nipple as Murasa’s hand slides up and down. You shiver, a faint warmth igniting. Kagerou’s hands return to your dress, tearing it in half to expose your panties. The ones now bulging over Murasa’s knuckles.

In haste, she yanks your panties down hard enough for them to tear, almost peeling completely off your legs, then throws Murasa’s hand aside and buries her face in your crotch.

You yelp and reach for her head, only for Murasa to shove it out first.

“Back off, I got there first.”

Kagerou growls. Growls. “You’re barely touching her!”

“Give it a moment, would you?” With her left hand, she gropes your breast.

Kagerou glowers. “You’re wasting her.”

“I’m warming her up.”

“You’re-”

“You’re both stealing my property!”

A plate crashes to the floor, shattering. All your heads turn to find Shizuha knocking a couple cups to the floor as she scrambles over the table toward you. You shrink back into Murasa’s body, uncertain who you’d…

Mai leaps to the table, blocking her path.

“Sit down.”

“Out of my way!”

Shizuha grips Mai’s shoulders, attempting to move her. But Satono leaps up behind her and yanks her arms away. Together, silently, they haul Shizuha off the table.

“Let me go! They’re spoiling my girl! My disciple! They’re…”

Murasa cackles. “Oh, come on! If you want it that badly, I’m sure we could…”

Red and yellow lights appear around Shizuha. “You’ll get her over my cold, d-”

There’s a flash of light and a crash, then Shizuha crumples to the ground, twitching and squirming as Okina’s minions carry her away, into a side door.

Okina growls. “You’ve caused enough of a scene, young goddess.” She sighs and rises to her feet, following a few steps behind them.

There’s a moment of tense quiet until Yuyuko clears her throat. “That tengu seems awfully frustrated, perhaps you should let her in, instead~”

You look up. At some point, Aya had crawled onto the table, stripped her shirt and skirt off, and started playing with her tits. She’d popped her bra up and slid her panties down to one ankle. She’d spread her legs wide, showing off, well… everything.

As your eyes meet, she breaks out into a wide grin. “Oh, I love that look you’re giving me. Please, feast on my body to your heart’s content~”

You shrink back, only for Murasa to grip your head and hold your gaze forward.

She snickers. “Hey, crow girl. Scoot closer, would you?”

She shudders. “With pleasure~”

She wiggles her hips, shuffling up to the edge of the table. Murasa nudges you up and pushes your head downward, lowering it between those firm, meaty thighs. Your face lands right on top of her wet, dripping pussy.

Remilia cackles. “The waitress never did get a chance to eat, did she?”

Yuyuko giggles. “No, I don’t think she did~”

“Oh? Well…” Aya shuffles her hips, rubbing your mostly-bare back, “how about I give you something to snack on?”

You lift your head above her crotch, wincing at the sticky fluids trailing from your cheek. “It’s okay, I don’t need…”

Murasa shoves your face back down. “C’mon. That ain’t in the spirit, is it? Eat her! Eat her!”

Her hand pulls back and you start lifting your head again. But this time, Aya slides her legs over your back and knocks Murasa’s hand away, running her fingers through your hair as it leaves.

“Aw… don’t be a party pooper~” She ruffles your hair, pushing your head down between her legs as she does so.

One hand strokes your ass as you twist and squirm. Aya’s scent fills your nostrils, her juices clinging to your face and sticking to your lips. You grunt, pushing on her hips, even as-

Murasa yanks your wrists back. “I think you’ve been squirming long enough, babe.” Pinning them to your back with one hand, she pulls a stretch of torn cloth over your twisting arms and around your belly. Entangling several strips together, she winds it down your wrists and over your hands, balling them together. Then, she drags a ribbon around your wrists, pulls tight, and ties it in place. Sighing in satisfaction, she reaches around your arms and grabs your breasts.

Someone shifts beneath you. Her fluffy hair ruffles against your shifting gut, a pair of erect, pointed ears grazing up and down it.

Your stomach clenches. Small giggles bubble up from your chest as she tickles your stomach. Murasa lets go of your ass to lean over you and grab both breasts, squeezing you as Aya presses her hips forward. She slides up and down as Aya’s thighs shift, rolling your head between them.

Aya chuckles. “Aw… you’re refusing my superior, tengu body. Are you too shy? Afraid to offend?”

The girl below you growls in frustration, then pulls away.

Murasa clicks her tongue. “Hm… Something’s missing. Gimme a sec.” Mercifully, her hands leave your breasts and her hips pull away.

You mumble a relieved sigh into Aya’s cunt. Then another pair of hands grabs your ass. The ones with the nails.

A ragged, hot breath pours down your crack, just before you feel a face slam inside it. You grunt, rolling your head through Aya’s pussy as Kagerou rubs your ass-cheeks.

You yelp as her tongue pokes your asshole.

You squirm, tugging your arms from your back and pulling your head up. You catch a glimpse of Okina’s twinkling grin as she settles back at the table, just before Aya leans back and shoves your head into her flesh, smothering you.

You gulp, twist, and even thrash. She clicks her tongue. “Aw. Now you’re hurting my feelings~”

Slowly, lungs clenching, your struggles slow. As they do, she lets go. You lift your head, sucking in air. As Aya smiles, stroking your hair, Kagerou’s tongue plunges inside you.

You squeal.

Then Murasa swings into view, leaning backward against the table, swinging the sake bottle in one hand. She takes a long swig, then eyes Aya.

“Hey, scoot back a little, would ya?”

Aya huffs. “Excuse me? We’re just getting started!”

“Sure, sure. But she didn’t drink yet.”

Aya shifts her hips, jostling your head.

“Fine.” She scoots back, letting go and freeing you of her pussy.

Your muscles sag for only a second before Murasa pinches your cheeks between her fingers and drags your face her direction. Then, still holding your face, she shoves the neck of that bottle between your teeth and forces your head backward. Sake pours down your throat, almost too fast to drink.

Just short of panicking, you gulp it down as fast as you can, until the last few drops trail down your tongue and Murasa pops the bottle from your lips. Then, she grins and steps backward.

For a few merciful moments. Nothing happens. Nervous, you pull yourself up and away from Aya’s legs. Knees shaking, you lift up and…

A hand grabs your shoulder, yanking you backward into another girl’s lap. Murasa chuckles as you squirm, then leans forward and slides the bottle, neck first, down the gap between your thighs.

You gulp, wiggling your shoulders and…

“Hwo pwuh hrh!”

Shizuha flops to the floor, behind Remilia and Yuyuko. Behind her, Mai and Satono exchange satisfied nods, then disappear into the kitchen. Shizuha’s fingers flex, trapped somewhere against her lower back. A red ball stretches her lips back, held in place by brown straps. She flails and twists on the ground, pulling at a short chain between her ankles, held firm to red, leather cuffs.

Her rumpled dress folds and shifts as she…

Murasa presses the bottle’s neck into your crotch. You yelp, clamping your legs shut as, slowly, she slides it down. You hiss as she rubs it up and down your pussy, sliding just between the lips. You gulp, shaking your head. “Please, please…”

“Shsh… You’ve made me feel real good so far. It’s only fair I returned the favor, isn’t it?”

You lick your lips, wincing. “It’s fine. Please, I can…”

“Hey,” Kagerou rubs your arms, “don’t leave me out.”

She slips her hands around your arms and cups your breasts as Murasa angles the bottle slightly, pressing the neck deeper inside you. You squirm. “You don’t, you don’t…”

Still pushing, Murasa creeps forward, licking her smooth, wet lips. You lean back into Kagerou’s heavy bust, even as she rolls your breasts in her hands. You wiggle your arms and push, barely loosening the cloth around them as Murasa leans further forward, her hot breath bathing your nose as she parts her lips.

“Hwrh hrh hwo! Howrah hr…”

Shizuha yelps. Craning your neck around Murasa, you catch her sitting in Yuyuko’s lap, a hand sliding up her stomach to-

“Hey, open her up for me, would you?”

Kagerou’s hands leave your bust to fondle your thighs. She pushes between them and, to your horror, peels them apart. Grinning, Murasa shoves the bottle forward. You gasp, squirming as it forces its way through you. You squeal, twisting as your pussy clenches down on it. No, no, no, no, no…

Murasa leans further forward, planting a quick peck on one of your nipples. Kagerou places a kiss of her own, much longer and wetter, on the back of your neck. Your arms twist and strain, wiggling just a bit more than before.

Remilia cackles. “Hey, save some for us, would you?”

Yuyuko sighs. “Oh, hush. Let them have their fun.”

This, this…

You arch your back, twisting to one side as the hard glass bottle pushes through you. Your arms flail, hands wringing as you stretch the fabric binding them together. Finally, there’s a quiet snap as the ribbon falls free of your wrists. Panting and straining, you wriggle free of the dress’s scraps. Your hands burst out, snapping to Murasa’s wrists.

You push back on her. In response, her eyes narrow. You glance around. Yuyuko whispers something to Remilia as she squeezes Shizuha’s breasts. Aya frowns, her hand returning to her crotch. Okina looks you in the eyes, frowning.

She… wants you to just let this happen, doesn’t she?

But you can’t just roll over for them, can you? But do you dare risk her wrath and resist?

You glance back to Remilia. She said something about wanting some of you. Maybe if you asked… but then, would she be any better than these two? And what if Okina just lets these girls keep you after the party?

You need to get out, right? But… how? They’re stronger than you. All you’ve got is some of your magic, maybe enough for a few volleys. That…

Shizuha squirms in Yuyuko’s lap, shutting her eyes at the steady, rhythmic pressure applied to her chest. If that’s how she turned out when she brought bullets out, will the same happen to you if you try? 
Wincing, you drop your shaking arms to your sides and let her push through. The lip pushes in, squeezing through you. Kagerou rubs her hands up and down your thighs. She places a soft kiss on your shoulder.

“There, there.”

You grunt, gulping as the neck pushes through your clenching pussy. Murasa leans closer, licking her lips.

Your lip trembles, fighting back a defiant frown only to freeze as those lips approach yours. You shut your eyes, breath quaking. Your body seizes for a second, clenching down on the bottle as she kisses you.

She holds that position, pressing her lips into yours as she twists the bottle, stuffing your cunt just that little bit more. She presses her tongue forward. You gulp and, trembling, part your lips for her. She rolls her head from side to side, shifting her lips and tasting your mouth.

Your chest heaves as you struggle to keep your hands down, to keep from pushing her away. You just, you just need to make it through this. To endure whatever she…

She grunts, pressing down on your tongue. Reluctant, you raise it to press back into her. She hums, rising up to sweep around and bat at yours..

Kagerou nestles into your neck, sniffing your twitching shoulders as Murasa pulls back. With a half-vacant grin, she licks the dripping saliva from her lips.

She flicks her curly black hair aside, then cups your cheek with her spare hand. “C’mon, babe. I’ll make this fun for both of us.” She adjusts her grip on the bottle.

You have only a second to widen your eyes, still catching your breath, before she shoves.

You gasp, muscles locking up as she pounds it into you. Kagerou’s long, pointed fingers leave your thighs to wrap around your breasts and Murasa jams the bottle up to the base of its neck, screwing it just slightly as it sinks all the way in.

You throw your head back, clenching your fists just to keep from pushing back on her. Slowly, haltingly, pulls it back. You hiss, face warming at the wet, squelching noise your body makes, clinging to and clamping down on the retreating neck.

Kagerou’s hands roll around your breasts, gently massaging them.

Murasa grins, then angles the bottle up and down, shoving it back in. Despite it’s hard, unyielding surface and the uncomfortable shape, your pussy welcomes it, dragging it further in. Your stomach clenches even as your heart pounds.

At every turn, your body betrays you.

Slowly, you shake your head. In response, she slows, still smiling. “Relax, babe. Relax.”

Kagerou squeezes your breasts as she nestles her face into your hair.

You turn away, shutting your eyes at the long, heaving breaths she takes.

Murasa rotates the bottle, angling it from side to side, as she pulls it back out. You sigh. She slams it back in, dragging a distressed yelp from your lungs. You clench your hands into fists, chest heaving as she pushes it back through you. Kagerou, still squeezing your breasts, plants another kiss on your shoulder. Your body twitches, stuffed. But Murasa keeps pressing and dragging the bottle through your dripping, squeezing flesh.

Your hips jerk, twitching and bouncing. You need to fight back, or slip away, or, or-You shake your head. No. Just a little longer, just a little…

You squirm around the shifting, pressing bottle. A small, relieved sigh floats up from your tiring lungs as Kagerou eases her grip. Then she lifts your breasts up, pinching your nipples between her fingers.

The pressure’s softer than you expected, her fingers tweak and roll your nipples. Almost playfully.

Your breath hitches, your skin growing warm and wet, as Murasa keeps pounding and twisting the bottle into you. Small shivers roll up and down your spine as Kagerou flicks your nipples between her knuckles.

You gulp as the bottle slows, shifting and shaking, pressing into-

Your back arches, little shivering moans slipping through your lips. Kagerou kisses your neck.

That bottle wiggles, shifting and angling into little-

You gasp, then utter a long, halting groan, as the pleasure recedes. The bottle pauses. Murasa stares into your eyes.

Shaking, you just barely manage to hold your eyes on hers. She frowns.

“That’s it?”

Remilia groans. “All this for that pathetic display? You lot couldn’t do better?”

Yuyuko sighs. “Now, now. It’s not their fault that their partner needs so much more… stimulation.”

Kagerou plants a kiss on your neck. “Oh, do you? How about another round, so I can make you feel even better?”

A hand snakes out from behind Murasa and grabs her shoulder. It then shoves her aside, revealing Aya’s red-faced frown.

“You had your turn, now it’s time for my round with her.”

“Wrh hrh he--iiii!”

Gulping, you glance aside to find Yuyuko sticking a hand down, between Shizuha’s twitching thighs. She flings her head from side to side, shuddering as Yuyuko slips it under her dress.

Murasa sighs. “Alright, fair’s fair.” She pops the bottle free of your pussy and sets it aside.

Kagerou twists your nipples, her nails digging into your skin. “Fine, but I’m getting her next.”

Finally, she lets go of your breasts. Shivering, naked, you rise to your feet. Aya scoots back along the table and beckons you forward. Looking at her, the way she grins, the intense focus in her eyes, you freeze up. She frowns.

“Go get her, babe!”

You glance back to find Murasa giving you a thumbs up. You turn back to Aya.

Gulping, you crawl up onto the table, after her. Grinning, she pats the open space beside her.

She licks her lips. “Lie down here, would you?”

Breathing in, you lower yourself down, then roll into your back, your shoulders rubbing up by Aya’s legs. You take another deep breath, wondering wh-

She swings a leg across, over your head, to drop the knee by your shoulder. Her firm thighs flank you. Her bare pussy hovers over you, her moisture dripping down and landing on your cheeks.

She drops her hands down, on either side of your hips, her breasts hanging just above your quivering stomach. She lowers her head down, licking your twitching pussy. You grit your teeth, struggling against the rising, foggy heat until her hips descend until her own dripping, rank cunt presses into your face.

Each shallow, halting breath fills your lungs with her scent as she kisses your inner thigh, then drags that tongue down. Blinded by her pussy, thighs, and ass, you shut your eyes. The overwhelming, swirling, smothering lust of the room brings a shriek to your lips, only to choke it back down. What sort of hell have you…

She dips between the lips of your pussy, dragging a muffled squeak out of you as she presses her entire body down. Her breasts push into your gut as she rolls her pussy over your face. You writhe beneath her, struggling to pull yourself out. Lifting her tongue back out, she laps up the juices still clinging to your crotch.

Then, as she dips back down, burying her face in your pussy, her thighs snap together, pressing into the sides of your head. You yelp as the pressure builds, as she grinds her legs into you. With her fat pussy still slathering its juices over your lips, her message is clear. Struggling to breathe under her weight, heart pounding, you thrust your tongue inside her.

The pressure eases, but you keep licking. You know what’s expected of you.

Small jolts and shocks run through your body, both of pain and pleasure, as Aya’s tongue digs into you. You grunt and gasp, plunging into her pussy and sucking the juices that flow out from her. Don’t think, just serve. Your body quakes, twitching into and away from Aya’s probing tongue. Your lungs clench and heave. Your muscles ache.

You’re tired. But you must keep going.

You sweep your tongue across the squeezing, quivering edges of her pussy. Corruption pulses out from her, pushing through you like heavy winds.

You need to get her off. Get her off before she…Y

She coos, still tasting and probing your own pussy. You’re hot and wet, but your tongue struggles to keep pushing.

You plunge deep into her, straining to reach as far as you can.

She moans, wiggling her hips and, with them, your head. You groan, but keep pushing, keep pumping.

Her whole body shakes as she pulls back, lifting her tongue out to-

Your tongue falls limp as she sucks on your clit. Then, as she returns to sucking the juices from your cunt, you pound your tongue into hers.

She’s already shaking and moaning, so soon she should-

She screams in pleasure, several long, shuddering quakes rolling up and down her body. Then, she falls limp. You yelp as her sopping wet cunt smothers you, as the entirety of her weight presses into you.

She responds only by squirming atop you. Idly, she drags her tongue over your pussy lips, still drinking up the slow, steady flow of juices you produce.

You grunt, planting your hands against her gut to…

Someone clears their throat. Aya sighs, then pulls herself up, into her knees.

…With her pussy still pressed to your face.

You grunt again and, finally, she slides a leg off. Precious, open air returns to your lungs. You breathe deep, until you feel a pair of hands gripping your sides. You blink, then find yourself dragged upward and into Aya’s naked lap. She grins.

She runs a hand through your hair, then jerks your head forward, smashing her lips into yours. Your stomach lurches at the taste of your own pussy. You yelp as she forces her tongue through your lips. Gripping your hair, she rolls her lips over yours as she bats your tongue around with her own.

She moans, breathing hard but not letting go. Hesitant, you lick at her tongue, more in the hopes of keeping her entertained than anything else. She pops her tongue free and pulls back, licking her lips.

You gasp, breathing hard. She just grins.

“Hey, turn her around! Let’s see the star herself!”

Aya grins, and pushes your shoulders, rotating you until your naked back rests against her firm breasts and hardened nipples.

Remilia cheers. Shizuha freezes, gurgling around the ball between her lips and squirming on Yuyuko’s hand. Something glistens on her face. Yuyuko smiles.

“Hm. Would you be so kind as to give us a better view of this fine lady?” She’s looking over your shoulder, at Aya. “Show us how much you’ve warmed her up, would you?”

Aya chuckles, then fondles your thighs. You turn away, squirming as she peels them apart and presents your pussy to those two women.

She then shuffles her hips forward, pushing you with her, scooting between two plates, until you’re both near the table’s edge. “Why don’t you take a closer look?”

Satono and Mai slip around the corners of your vision, snatching cups and plates off the table around you.

Yuyuko giggles. “Oh, that would just be too crass for someone such as myself~” She clicks her tongue. “But I know a goddess who’s worked so hard to help this girl. Maybe I should reward her?”

“Hwo hweh hahweh! Hwoh! Hwoh!”

You shudder, turning her way as she pulls a shimmering hand out from between Shizuha’s legs. Her hands then slide up the goddess’s arms to hold her by the shoulders. Shizuha twists and shoves her body into Yuyuko. Yuyuko clicks her tongue, then releases one and hurls it across Shizuha’s ass. Shizuha yelps, lurching forward until Yuyuko drags her back.

Yuyuko plants a hand on Shizuha’s head, holding it in place. “Now, now. You know better than to resist me, don’t you?”

Shizuha holds still, sulking.

“Good enough~” Yuyuko grabs both shoulders again and shoves Shizuha forward, until her trembling, gagged face approaches yours.

You shrink back, but Yuyuko just pushes her forward, pressing the hard red ball to your lips. Shizuha winces, her breath falling over your nose. Her breath and… something else. A smell you recognize.

Your own. The scent of your lust, your pussy. Why? How?

Her head shifts, pushed from behind. The ball rolls over your lips, to the point where you feel her own lips graze yours once or twice. Shizuha’s eyes… flutter. She looks at you as her face is mashed into yours, eyelids low. She breathes hard, her spit trailing to your chin.

She wiggles, thrusting her chest forward and-

Yuyuko yanks the goddess’s head back. She screeches, thrashing until Yuyuko’s hand jerks downward, striking her crotch. Gurgling, she hunches forward as Yuyuko returns to rubbing her. Yuyuko giggles, drawing Shizuha close to her wide, soft body.

“You really should learn how to behave around me, you know~”

“Hmhmhm…” Remilia looks you up and down, frowning. “You’re not much of a catch, are you? All soft and frail. Delicate, but not in the way of a refined flower, more…” she leans forward, hovering a hand over your breasts, “like a starved dog, I suppose.”

She snickers. “Still, at least you’ve got one thing going for you.”

You look to her, blinking. She smirks back.

Whack.

She strikes a hand across your chest, blasting it across your bare breasts. You hiss in pain, squinting until-

Whack.

You yelp as she backhands your breasts.

“You’ve got a decent pair of tits on you. Good enough to attract a proper owner, I imagine~” her hand slides down your gut, between your legs.

“Oh, Naoko~”

Remilia flinches back. Shuddering, you look up to see, to the left of Remilia and Yuyuko, Kagerou.

Part of her long brown mane drapes over her shoulders, almost reaching the erect brown nipples atop her wide, fat breasts. From there, you find nothing but smooth, bare skin until your eyes reach her hips, where a trio of black straps affix a shiny red cock to her crotch. And judging by the way it shifts as she approaches, it continues past those, inside her.

Remilia snickers, stepping back. “I’ll leave you to your betters.”

A wide grin splits Kagerou’s face, her body shivering, as she steps up and cups your cheek. Gently, she grabs your shoulder and nudges you forward, off of Aya’s lap. Swallowing, you let her turn you around until that cock rubs up against your taint from behind.

Until your neck is nestled between those heavy tits.

Gently, she swivels until both of you face Yuyuko and the girl who’s still twitching and gasping under her ministrations. Then, Kagerou drops down, wiggling her toy cock as she pulls you into her lap. Then, she leans back. As you fall with her, you find Murasa wearing her own sloppy, drunken grin.

And also wearing nothing but a fat, false cock strapped to her crotch. This one colored blue. She steps forward and crouches before you. Leaning forward, she grabs your thighs and lifts them into the air.

There’s a light click to your side, followed by a pop. With one hand, Kagerou grabs and massages your left breast. With the other, she…

Something pushes her dildo away, followed by a pair of hands gripping your ass-cheeks. Blinking, you glance to your sides, finding Mai to your right and Satono to your left. They both offer professional smiles as they peel your cheeks apart. Mai leans close and rubs something wet and slippery into your crack, pushing her fingers into your…

You gulp, shaking your head. Murasa tuts as, folding your legs backward, she lines her cock up with the lips of your pussy. Then, resting it between your thighs, she glances up. “Hey, Aya! Wanna join in?”

Aya slings her naked legs over the table’s edge. “Oh, I suppose I could participate a little~”

Then, grinning at you, she swings up and plants one foot on either side of your stomach. Mai forces her fingers through your asshole, slathering that weird, cool liquid inside you.

Murasa snickers, rubbing her shaft up and down your pussy.

Then, finally, Mai yanks her hand out. You exhale, relieved. Until, as she and Satono step away, Kagerou presses the tip of her dildo into your moistened asshole.

Aya scoots forward and lowers herself down, filling your vision once more with nothing but her pungent, dripping pussy. Then, as her wet slit touches your lips, you--

Kagerou slams her hard, sterile cock up, plunging it inside you. You jerk upward just as Murasa slams hers in, slamming you backward. You yelp, only for Aya to muffle it by dropping her pussy over your face. Gripping your hair, she saws her crotch up and down, trailing her juices over you and mashing her squelching pussy over your nose and mouth.

You grunt, tasting nothing but Aya’s hot, wet pussy as she grinds it up and down your face. Snapping up your hands, she rubs them over her ass as Murasa wiggles her hips, pressing her dildo deeper inside you.

Kagerou roars, her lust clawing and sinking to the hilt. Murasa teeters forward, the tidal wave of her hunger crashing into you. Your pussy clamps down, your ass clenching tight as they pour their desire, their need, deep inside you.

You hear a whistle, followed by the next overbearing wave. Aya’s oppressive lust hangs over you, pinning you down and choking with the steady, dripping flow of her choking desire. You writhe, tossed about by Murasa’s tide, by Kagerou’s fervor, and by Aya’s overbearing musk.

Everywhere you turn, Aya’s pussy finds you. Every breath you catche, Kagerou and Murasa slam back inside you. Your head swims, your heart pounds, your lungs and muscles ache. And somehow, they keep going.

You bounce and twist and strain and gasp. New waves of lust, of greed, and insane, unbearable fervor, crash over you, burrow inside you, and blanket themselves across you.

You grip tight on Aya’s ass-cheeks, clinging to anything for dear life as your body’s smothered and hurled about.

You bounce and groan, still enveloped by Aya’s unrelenting, inescapable pussy. Fluids drench your body, whether sweat, juices, or something else, you’re too far gone to tell. They bead up from your skin, they pour down your throat, and they slip and squelch around slick, rubbery cocks.

Soon, your breathing goes shallow and fast. Sweat pours from your skin as your body quakes. You pant and heave and moan. Your pussy clenches, your ass burns.

With each thrust, each yelp and groan, Aya squeals, sighs, and coos. Your body arches, your legs shaking as your breath catches. Pleasure boils up from your core, flaring through your body, searing through your nerves.

Your body shudders, then quakes, then shudders again. Your breaths, the few you can squeeze between the grinding trips of Aya’s cunt across your face, come short, halting, and shuddering. More wheezes than proper breath.

For a split-second, every part of you freezes, locking up as an explosion rocks your bouncing, heaving body. A scream, almost strangled by the unbearable release, rips and tears its way up your throat, across your tongue, and through your lips.

As the pleasure fades, as the mental haze clears, they’re still thrusting, pounding, and grinding. Soon after, your mind swims and fades.



Some time later, they’d finally fucked you to their satisfaction and peeled themselves off. Those two minions helped you to your feet and returned your kimono. Staggering, struggling to keep yourself upright, you managed to get it over your shoulders and the obi tied around your stomach. It hung loose, exposing some cleavage, but kept you mostly modest.

Okina acknowledged your service and expressed some interest in the effects of her party. Then, with a dismissive wave, she let you go. Whatever it was she had in mind, you were just too tired to care.

From there, you’d staggered through some door or other and found yourself back outside the forest shed. It was over. It was finally, finally over. You had your body back to yourself, at least for now.

Shaking your head, you shove the door open and drop to your knees. Pawing around at the floor, you snatch up your cell key, then find the trap door and lift it open. Almost drunkenly swinging yourself down, onto the ladder, you descend into Shizuha’s… no, your dungeon.

“Naoko? Naoko! Fuck me! Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!”

Belts rattle. You step onto the familiar, coarse floor and turn out to find Mystia twisting, tugging on the belts, straining to break free of her chair.

In the cage, Kogasa grips the door, eyes worried. Wriggle slumps in the corner, still locked in those bars. They both flinch as you approach.

“Um, mistress, did you see my other half?”

Shuffling forward, you groan. “No, I didn’t.”

“Oh, okay…”

You turn toward the crates and collapse into the floor, resting against them. A long, tired sigh falls from your worn-out lips.

“Mistress? You look like you need some help. If you let me out…”

You groan, but nod. Pulling yourself back to your feet, you shuffle over to the door and unlock it.

You pull it open, letting Kogasa step through, then shut and lock it again. Wriggle grumbles through her gag.

Kogasa throws her arms around you, then pauses, her hands hovering over your back. She looks into your eyes, uncertain.

Groaning, you nod. She squeals and wraps her arms tight around you, pressing you into her naked bust.

She wiggles from side to side, rubbing your hair. And your ass. She shivers, then lets go of you. Bashful, she glances between you and the the crates. “So, uh… have I been good?”

Despite yourself, you chuckle. “You’ve been…”

A pair of light feet thump into ladder rungs. Spinning around, you find Shizuha climbing down. Dropping to the floor, she levels a dour gaze your way and marches up to you.

You open your mouth, but she presses a finger to it. “Talk later.” She brushes past you, throws the cell door open, she shoves Kogasa inside. Then, shutting it, she grabs your sides and pulls you close.

Nestling her head into your shoulder, she lets out a long, frustrated groan.

“That was disgusting. How could they-how could you let them…” She sighs, pressing her body close. “Naoko, we need to do something. We can’t just let these things happen.”

You rub her back. “We had to, Shizuha. Okina’s not someone you can just ignore.”

Shizuha growls. “Maybe not her. But we can ignore everyone else!”

You blink. “How?”

She shakes her head, inhaling deep. “I-look, you may not like it, but we can just stay here. Where no one can find us. Where no one can find you. Just,” her chest beats against yours, “just for as long as it takes.”

A cold shiver rolls up your body. “And how long would that be?”

“I don’t know, okay? Maybe a few weeks. Maybe longer. Even if it takes forever, wouldn’t that be worth it? There’s too many predators out there. Too many women looking to abuse you, to rape you, to claim…”

She sighs. She’s… clinging awfully tight to you.

She’s not all wrong. If you just kept down here, you might be able to better protect yourself. But do you trust her enough to do that? She’d made a dungeon for you and almost used it. On the other hand, you do still need her help. At least, until you can count on some of your captives more.

You’d chosen to count on her before, but should you keep doing so? Wrapping your arms around her back, you… 
Tears that fell as the human manipulates her own death. The resolution becoming reality as the youkai creates the boundary. And the beauty sprouting from death as the tree expresses its nature.

Back then, there was no form to be taken. But that did not mean it couldn't be formed, did it? That was how that woman made it for me. It was:

To she who bears witness to death,
when the Saigyou Ayakashi reaches full bloom,
and the boundary between this world and the next are divided,
her soul shall obtain peace in Hakugyokurou,
sealing the Saigyou Ayakashi’s petals,
and create the barrier that halts its bloom.

In the formless space of the sealed boundary, this is the “barrier” she created.

“Isn't that right?”

A woman trails her palms up the front of Yuyuko's body. She grinds her crotch over the lush hips pressed between her legs. Strands of hair tie around each other between the two bodies. Twisting between luscious warmth.

“Do you think she watches?” The woman's lips nibble on Yuyuko's neck. “Would you feel relieved if she were here, with death her in eyes?”

The Saigyou Ayakashi ignores the silence, a reply that can't be made by someone who is neither dead or alive. Instead, the woman shudders. She rubs her hands into the breasts that spill through her fingers while they squeeze.

Even if her “soul” is not here, her “body” will more than suffice. The firm, yet soft yielding of her chest between aching fingers. The sweet scent of her pale skin, that lasts from her existence before. Or is that my own illusion in this boundary? Even if there is no “reaction”, that doesn't mean “action cannot be taken”. Sate the hunger for life through death. Even without that requirement, Yuyuko is a special existence to me. Irreplaceable.

Lips close together and stroke light down the spine of Yuyuko's back. A single kiss that slides down to the seam of her lower body. The Saigyou Ayakashi dips below the slumbering Yuyuko. Her mouth finds Yuyuko's pussy between her legs, nose deep in skin and flesh. Hands wrap around Yuyuko's thighs as her tongue finds its mark. A slick, yet satisfying passage of warmth kept in its form from the past.

Unfortunate that the body is sealed, but the life energy exists within. In other words, any taste is non-existent. But, the power that can be drawn from still replenishes. Ah, how nice it would be to truly taste “her”, and not just “her body”!

The Saigyou Ayakashi closes her eyes and relishes the thought. Her tongue probes deep inside, more than content to feel the soft twitch of reaction within.

After all, it is close enough to consider her to be asleep. True, she does not moan or react. But the body responds to physical contact. And I will be more than happy to savor it.

The Saigyou Ayakashi reaches deeper with her tongue. Shuddering as Yuyuko's body constricts around it. A wetness forms between the Saigyou Ayakashi's thighs, ass twitching, as she draws as much delight as she can with her mouth. The woman rises after swallowing. Content on snaking her hand between Yuyuko's legs from the front for the moment, the Saigyou Ayakashi kisses a shoulder.

“Do you think she will ever come?” She muses to herself while slipping two fingers inside. Her knuckles push in and out as she drags her her entire tongue up the side of Yuyuko's neck. “That would be special, wouldn't it?”

The woman flicks a few of her own hairs from her front before using her other hand to finger herself. Humping her body against Yuyuko's, she rubs her clit with the length of three fingers. Her middle finger finds enough room to thrust deep inside herself. She imagines Yuyuko's cries as the fingers of both hands work in tandem.

Perhaps accepting with submission as the pleasure grows. Or perhaps with embarrassment if thoughts of that woman came to mind. Either way, the cries would be as sweet as she tastes. Her breasts heaving as the pleasure builds within her. Her cries mixing in with gasps and moans coming behind her.

The Saigyou Ayakashi's hands switch from thrusting fingers in and out to rubbing both of their clits with the length of her fingers. Though, the pleasant rhythm tapping away affects no one but her own, exposed clit. With a quick mix between a gasp and a low grown, the Saigyou Ayakashi wraps her mouth over Yuyuko's neck. Bracing against the orgasm welling up inside of her as it bursts outs.

After sucking once on skin, the Saigyou Ayakashi releases Yuyuko's shoulder and moans. She forgets the movement of her hand as she holds Yuyuko close to her, enjoying the fading glow of pleasure. Her own breasts crush against Yuyuko's back. Fondling and running all of her fingers over a nipple. Digging her nails into the breast. Brushing her thighs into the back of Yuyuko's. Suppressing another moan on Yuyuko's shoulder, the Saigyou Ayakashi slides herself around to lie atop of the other woman.

There are no exact rules of perspective in this boundless space. But it is still a space in reality, is it not? And it caters well enough to my desires and needs, despite its intended purpose. So what comes next is simply the continuation of desires.

The Saigyou Ayakashi plants a gentle kiss on Yuyuko's lips.

“Even if I could see the death in that woman's eyes, I would favor the moment of your own. How beautiful it was. Of course, I will always cherish you, but even I appreciate the objective beauty in that woman's efforts.”

A kiss under the jaw. On the throat. A lick up the throat. A kiss on the ear. All before the Saigyou Ayakashi pushes herself from Yuyuko to appreciate the sight before her. The pink hair spilling on to Yuyuko's face, not unlike the cherry blossoms from that day. The closed eyelashes that remain from a peaceful act of suicide. And now, the small marks of saliva left behind from a moment ago. The Saigyou Ayakashi brings a finger to her lips, sucking on the tip. The woman points her finger over by Yuyuko's cheek, drawing a short trail downwards.

If only she could please me. Even if her heart belongs to another. Perhaps better, since it belonged to that woman. Yes, I would want her to taste me. Or use her fingers of her own conscious movement. Or even if she would do nothing but resist.

Before she realized it, the Saigyou Ayakashi grinds her pussy over Yuyuko's thigh. With a few, short pants, she leans far enough into the other woman for her mouth to press against Yuyuko's neck. Her hands find balance in holding Yuyuko's sides as she rubs herself along her thighs with long, yet powerful strokes. Unwilling to leave any marks, the Saigyou Ayakashi groans onto Yuyuko. Her own thigh glances over Yuyuko's pussy.

It's a shame I can't pleasure you, as well. I long to hear your voice cry out in pleasure again. To see your body writhe in desire. Even if it's not with me, to see your beauty in all its splendor. The smile on your face as you speak a name, any name. Tears of passion, or even denial, if I could see you, touch you, taste you as you were.

Unable to resist, the Saigyou Ayakashi sucks on Yuyuko's neck. A pop resounds as she releases to plant her forehead against Yuyuko's. She stares deep into closed eyes. A rising heat flushes through her pussy as one of her hands reaches toward Yuyuko's fingers. Her thighs trap the other woman's hand between them before the Saigyou Ayakashi's body lunges back and forth. The trapped hand grinds up against her pussy while sandwiched between her legs. She throws her head back.

“Ah. Aah! Ah—”

Ignoring the hair in her mouth, she leans down and kisses Yuyuko full on the lips. Capturing the woman's lips between her own. Groaning through them as her pleasure spills out of her pussy over Yuyuko's fingers. The Saigyou Ayakashi's hand finds Yuyuko's as the wetness spreads between their palms. Holding Yuyuko's hand from behind. A strand of hair sticks to Yuyuko's lips as the Saigyou Ayakashi pulls away.

A truly beautiful face. The last expression she wore before I was sealed.

…

I imagined it. A moment where I would partake in her body while she was alive. Where my roots would hold her while I manifested myself. And have that woman watch.

I would coil the roots around her legs, up her thighs, around her hips. Around and into her bountiful chest. Caressed around her neck. The tendrils touching her cheeks. All while I did the same to that woman, but as a captive. Strip the purple from her unsightly form. Leaving her in her natural state, trapping her mouth with a coil of a root. I would have touched Yuyuko in a similar way while she watched. To taste her while she was truly alive.

Would she have cried? Would she have endured? I know what expression that woman would have made. How beautiful it would have been. How beautiful it all would have been. Could no one else imagine such a thing?

Kneeling deep within her legs, I would move on to that woman. Yes, it's not as though I hate the notion. After her, that woman's body is beautiful as well. More so, since I know how much it would offend her. Removing that mask of hers to reveal her beauty. Even if she felt nothing more for Yuyuko, it would be beautiful.

To approach her fallen form. To wrap my hands around her and violate her. Would she imagine Yuyuko instead? Would she shut her eyes and imagine otherwise? How different would she feel compared to Yuyuko?

Then, after having my way, I would force them together.

Ah, how it could have been! Their tongues with my own! Their breasts together as one! Forcing that woman to service Yuyuko, or have Yuyuko savor a moment with her! Perhaps while I partook in Yuyuko. Or maybe have that woman witness from below as I bring Yuyuko to the heights of physical pleasure. All while possibly assaulting that woman with my roots.

The death in her eyes, I would have marveled at that moment of beauty!

Unfortunate, as I only have the ability to manipulate death. I would have longed to experience that pleasure before I was sealed. I still dream of it, but such a possibility now would not be the same as performing it then. How can one replicate the state of beauty as a human? How can one replicate the state of beauty at a moment of time compared to another? Yet, maybe I am too attached. Therefore, I will still look toward the day the seal is released. Yes, perhaps that woman will see the error of her ways. Or perhaps, something else will occur?

The closest to happen was a short incident some time ago. Ah, if only I could have interacted with her “body” then. That which had been alive for no more than a moment! I can't stop my fingers from pleasing myself after that thought!

Yes...Even if the “body” would only bloom for a moment. My fingers! Grant me the illusion of her marvelous form! Yuyuko would never please me of her own accord! So, let me...simply...dream...!

AHHH!!!

...Ah....

I could only return to this cycle.

...

...How long has it been since I was sealed? An endless cycle of sleep and awakening, only to find myself with this body to please me? Not that that's a bad thing.

Is it not?

Yukari stares at the tree before her. The narrowed hatred glowing deep within her face.

How long will you suffer? How long will you withstand?

The Saigyou Ayakashi peers from behind Yuyuko's body. One arm hugs underneath breasts while the other presses over the top. Possession, that of something that belongs to someone.

What was it you said back then?

“If one request can be granted,
so she will never again experience pain or suffering,
let her be lost to the cycle of reincarnation for all eternity.”

Yukari's expression doesn't change. But the enmity emanating from her maintains itself.

No. It grows.

Do you remember the way she feels? The way she tastes between your lips? The way her back rises as you drink deep the pleasures of the flesh? The voice of a human who loves you and asks nothing in return?

The Saigyou Ayakashi tilts Yuyuko's face toward her own with her upper hand. She plants a kiss on a cheek.

I remember. The way her heel caresses your back. The amount of fluids exchanged between your hips. The way you would wrap your fingers around her leg. How she would glance up from beneath your kneeling form. How you both would face and pleasure the other in a circle of desire.

Yukari's fists twitch by her sides.

How I wish I could receive that pleasure. Did she smell as sweet as she does now? Did she sound as sweet as I imagine when I do the same? How different does she feel in your hands compared to how she does in mine? I am envious of your experience, so I would like to know. You wouldn't happen to be continuing with her now, would you? About her...do you still l—

A fist crashes into the tree. Smoke rises between Yukari's knuckles and the bark of the Saigyou Ayakashi. But only blood seeps from tom belhe wound.

Yukari's raises her head. And the corner of the Saigyou Ayakashi lips rise from behind Yuyuko's shoulder.

Ah! The death in your eyes is still as strong as ever!

With a crack, the red-skinned oni's face snaps backwards as a massive, muscled arm smashes a fist into it; the rest of his body soon follows, hurtling through the air and tumbling along the ground several dozen yards to crash against the wall of a nearby building, leaving cracks upon it as he lays there unconscious. A girl of silver, braided hair, clad in maid uniform, stoops to observe the unconscious oni suddenly blocking her path. Yuugi, meanwhile, sighs and dusts off her knuckles as the ring of spectators cheer and an energetic male voice nearby calls out, “And that's twenty nine in a row! Even three on one, the Oni of Oni cannot be stopped! Will anyone even come forth to challenge her after that one?!” Yuugi takes the large gourd of sake in her other hand and upends it, pouring copious amounts of alcohol straight down her throat. She mutters to herself, “Goddamn weaklings. Shit's fuckin' boring.” She hasn't had a good scrap in who knows how long, and this little fight club didn't help.

Looking around the crowd, it seemed the announcer was right; no one else wanted to step forward this evening, they'd gotten their fun. There was, however, the maid clinically examining the guy who'd been knocked unconscious upon her path. That silver, it was familiar... ah, yes, wasn't that the head maid of that vampire mansion? Actually, hold on. She was supposed to be lighting quick. Maybe if Yuugi actually had to work to punch someone... As Sakuya stood up, no longer enamored by the effects of Yuugi's blow upon the man, the large oni called out, “Oi! Dog of the Scarlet Devil, was it?”

Sakuya hardly had the time to take a single stride before freezing once more, turning to regard Yuugi through the gap in the audience. “Do you require something from me?” she asks, rather coldly. “I'm on important business for the Mistress, so if it's nothing urgent-”

“Come into the ring,” Yuugi all but demanded, polishing off her drink. “You're damn fast, right? I need someone I can't hit so easy. Why don't we go for a while? You can even use your knives, I don't care. Probably can't even cut me.” It's a very dismissive tone she takes in calling out the chief maid, all but outright stating the only thing Sakuya's good for is scrambling for her life.

The maid's face remains still and unreadable save a hint of disdain before she sighs exasperatedly. “I'll decline. I'm not interested in-”

“Getting your ass handed to you?” The oni interrupts her mid-dismissal with a cocky grin, as the crowd breaks out into roaring laughter, joining in jeering at Sakuya.

The maid's eyes give a piercing glare before she continues where she left off, “-participating in your meaningless little brawls. I've got-”

“No spine! No backbone! Couldn't rise to the challenge if I tied both hands behind my back!” Yuugi even does so, clasping her arms behind herself as though not to use them. “C'mon! You're only human, so it's only fair I gotta handicap myself I guess.”

Sakuya grits her teeth as the noise of the crowd gets ever louder in calling out insults at random, helping their champion to goad. She tries, again, to finish her refusal at its last stopping point, voice straining to keep level, “-important matters to attend to, and needn't waste-”

“Your breath, I guess! I get it, you're just a fuckin' coward. Not surprising, I'd end you in one shot too.” The oni didn't even look at Sakuya as she called out to stymie her statements once more, arrogance growing by the second.

Try as she might, Sakuya couldn't still the shaking overtaking her, ever more incensed by this taunting. Giving up on actually trying to parley, she just turned to leave before she could get drawn into this. “Enough of this nonsense,” she declares as she does. Before she could resolve to stop time and just disappear however, Yuugi got in one final call.

“The position of whipped bitch suits you! But have fun wearing your precious Mistress' collar tonight! Arf, arf! Maybe if you tell her some mean oni bullied you, she'll come solve your-” It was Yuugi's turn to be interrupted, as Sakuya was in front of her in a flash, knives in hand and ready for a fight. There's a second of genuine surprise before the oni grins. “Ohoho, the puppy does have fangs, does it?”

“Enough of your talk,” Sakuya states flatly, holding her composure much better now resolved to deal with Yuugi. The crowd is clearly pleased, as their din nearly tries to drown the maid out when she continues, “Defend yourself, brute.” And the assault commences.

“And the match is on! We've got ourselves one hell of an underdog challenger, I'd say! Why, that's just a human! We're due for thirty straight here, folks, don't go putting any money on the long odds!” Contrary to how the announcer hyped up how one sided things were to be, Sakuya held out. No kick of Yuugi's would connect. Even if she was a hair's breadth from inverting Sakuya's face, the maid would disappear and Yuugi would find cold steel bouncing off her unnaturally tough skin. By the time she whirls around to kick again, Sakuya's gone, and again failing to so much as scratch.

“Not bad, little doggie!” Yuugi grins madly as she pursues the maid darting around her, actually presenting a challenge to catch. Expending real, genuine effort trying to batter her is a welcome and refreshing change of pace, even despite the armless handicap in play. Of course, tracking the maid long enough to see how each useless jab is delivered with a new, sharper knife was quite difficult. And the difference couldn't be told by touch, as each point felt as dull as the last for the oni. The crowd leaned in with anticipation, cheering on as Yuugi threw more power into each blow, coming around faster, throwing out strikes that would be abominably destructive if only they could land; and it was only a matter of time before one did, those gathered to watch were sure.

“How long can she keep it up?!” The announcer belts with energy, bringing excitement to a fight lacking in any visceral blow. “Can this knife-wielding girl find a weak point on Yuugi before those angry feet stomp her to dust?! Or will one, single blow spell her demise?! The tension! The drama! The-” The announcer's hyping is cut off by a very distinct sound: not that of a bone-shattering kick finally landing, but of a sharpened blade sinking into flesh. Red runs from a newly made gash in Yuugi's stomach, staining the white shirt clinging to her muscles. The audience quiets and the shouts of the MC are quelled in a moment none saw coming. Yuugi stands stock still, a wave of multiple emotions passing over her face in rapid succession, too quick to call out each individual one.

“Are you satisfied yet?” Sakuya asks coolly, as she shakes the blood off her knife. “I've wounded you, despite your claims to the contrary. I'd call this my win.” There's something a touch off with how Sakuya smiles at Yuugi, staring into those eyes in which moist little droplets begin to form and trickle down. Wait, tears? Yes, indeed. The face of the Oni of Oni, after one small wound from a knife – it's frankly a scratch compared to her size – is that of someone about to turn into a blubbering mess. And she does, breaking down into uncanny sobbing, stampeding her way through the crowd and off the scene. Bodies go flying and the ground shakes as Yuugi rushes away. Sakuya's stunned into silence, the crowd is deeply confused, and the hype man has absolutely no comment to offer, not even of the underdog's victory. Slowly and awkwardly, everyone disperses, and Sakuya's left to wonder how she managed to get that reaction as she heads off for that errand she was on, face still locked to that strange smile.

Meanwhile, the footfalls of a fleeing oni eventually fade, when Yuugi finds herself back home, and finally away from prying eyes. The first thing she requires is an entire gourd of sake, uncorked and finished in the same motion as she tries to calm herself, dwelling on the moment of that stab wound, clutching at it with her other hand. Going over what she felt as the blade sank in. Shock, that was the start. She'd never actually taken a wound before today, seemingly impervious as she was. But did shock make her cry? No, it was not that. Pain, that came right after. The feeling of the blade parting her flesh, the small jolts coursing from that even smaller wound. But did pain make her cry? No, nor was it that. What came third... that was... hard to admit to herself. She did not want to believe it, and it was what made her cry. But there was no doubting it. What came third, after shock, when pain had materialized for the first time in her life, it was arousal. She could still feel it down there beneath her skirt, from lips dripping with feminine juices much as her newfound cut dripped blood.

It felt wrong. It was wrong. She was an oni – fuck, she was the oni. Strength, pride, victory: that's what should make her heart, her nethers, soar. And yet those infinite streams of victory felt hollow. Clobbering others with but a single mighty blow while holding herself back, that meant nothing to her. And she could never place the why, understand how that could be. Was it because of this? Was what she really wanted... to lose? No! NO! That was fucking bullshit! Goddamnit, they did not call her the Oni of Oni for nothing! She refused wholly to accept this notion! She wouldn't! To prove it, she'd- her tirade of thoughts is interrupted by the nail of a finger on the hand clutching at her wound sinking in, prying it open more. The following pain is immediate, drawing out a gasp and, more importantly, a moan, as her slit begins to leak once more like a finger had instead been inserted there. Lust nearly compels her to do just that as the pain rings out, and she even ponders on using that little cut to masturbate too. If she just- no, not happening. She snaps back to herself at the out there thought. This is not her, and it can't be her; considering that it might be is horrifying. No, she'll do what any good oni would do, and confront this problem head on. She's going to get herself a rematch.

…


It was over a week later before Sakuya answered any challenge or call. For Yuugi, that time was hell on her nerves. The incident couldn't be contained – she, of all oni, had broken down crying at one scratch. She'd hardly been seen since that day, too afraid and ashamed to show her face. Yet now all of Former Hell stood on this street, awaiting with bated breath the arrival of the one she'd challenged. The gathered crowd was massive, sitting atop roofs, congregating in alleyways; people craned over one another to catch a glimpse of what was to come. And then from nowhere, Sakuya appears, standing across from the oni who issued the challenge. With their roles reversed it was her turn to rouse the opposition to anger, “Are you quite sure about this? I only nicked you before, but your reaction really was something. Perhaps you're... spineless, didn't you say? Without backbone?”

“SHUT THE FUCK UP!” Yuugi roars her response, still not over the feelings that last knife brought. The outburst is actually loud enough to startle some of those gathered to watch. “You cheated somehow! Used... poison, I don't know!” The followup declaration, however, is depressingly petulant sounding, almost desperate.

“Poison? Me? Nonsense. Poison taints the blood. Have you forgotten who I work for? 'Dog of the Scarlet Devil' you said, last time: a vampire. No, let's face facts: the high and mighty oni finally got hurt and realized what it was like, learning she wasn't as big and nasty as she thought. A scared little girl, aren't you? Amusingly ironic, given your size.” Sakuya laughs, laughs at Yuugi's weakness.

“NO! DON'T YOU LAUGH!” Another shout that resounds in the underground, almost painful to be in the vicinity of. “It was just that- I was...” Yuugi grasps for words, for an excuse as to why it happened. But the truth looms large in her mind, overwhelms her ability to conjure such a thing, leaving her instead to trail off.

“You were a wimp all along and couldn't handle realizing it. Perhaps the position of 'whipped bitch' suits you more, hm? Though the dog house would get rather cramped, wouldn't i-”

“ENOUGH!” This particular cry is accompanied by the sound of the ground cracking and deforming, as a small crater appears where Yuugi's feet just were. The burst of speed she puts on shoving herself that hard is impressive, and Sakuya's eyes have just enough time to go wide in shock before she's gone – as the fist impacts the ground, a massive hole is smashed into it, easily a dozen yards wide and several deep, with further cracks continuing on far longer yet. The shock wave and chunks of once-road batter onlookers, knocking them off of houses and flat on their asses; all the buildings nearby shake at the tremor passing through the ground. Yuugi seethes in the new hole she's dug in just one blow. There's not a trace of Sakuya left in it. Maybe she went too far. Maybe she shouldn't have lashed out like that. But in the heat of the moment, she couldn't help it. As she's coming down from that moment of raw FUCK EVERYTHING, that's when she feels it. 'It' is several dozen knives, each sharper and sinking deeper than the last into her back. She's rendered looking like a massive, muscled hedgehog, sheer size and supernatural toughness keeping her quite alive and conscious despite the frankly concerning exsanguination staining her and her clothes.

That first cut had taught Yuugi what pain is – this multitude of impalements teaches her what pain can be. The high, wailing shriek that passes through the lips of the one once called 'Oni of Oni' invalidates such a title, conveying a misery and agony never before thought possible to deliver upon someone who was, scarcely two weeks prior, invulnerable. Thankfully, perhaps, that shriek is also deafening when paired with Yuugi's lungs; none can hear the low, erotic moans that follow the primal expression of pain. That would be far too much to bear. As it stands, though, the pain has Yuugi incapacitated, laying on the ground sobbing, a disgrace she also can't bear. But she can't even pick herself up right now through the hell shooting its way through her from all the multitude of holes on her back, can't flee to escape everyone seeing what she's been reduced to. Which gives Sakuya ample time to recover from the disorienting scream and compose herself.

Narrowed eyes glance over the destruction wrought in a singular strike, before Sakuya speaks lowly, “It seems you forgot what the spellcard rules are for. Thankfully for you, I did not. That many knives at your size shouldn't be lethal.” With a light splash, Sakuya lands within the crimson pool beneath Yuugi's twitching form, knives still embedded. Rather than reclaim them with time stopped, she recovers them one by one in real time. Slowly she drags each out, unsheathing them from the giant with deliberate imperfection, and slicing her just that little more to draw out further whimpering cries from the once-proud oni. It's a needlessly cruel process that gets more and more difficult to watch for the crowd. Those arrayed gradually disperse, as before, almost in batches blade by dripping blade. The whole while, Sakuya's face grows ever more concerning, smile widening in ways it should not with each new twinge and high note brought about.

What she and everyone else are missing, hidden beneath the clear droplets trailing down from eyes reddened not by blood but by intense sobs, are the bubbly moans when her head falls back to the ground after shooting up to scream. Subdued by the liquid as they are, at least, this little secret remains unknown; the iron scent wafting from all around her obfuscates the waterfall of discharge lubricating her cunt, concealing an ever building and furious lust. In equal measure, however, is a self-loathing borne out of every pleasurable second that follows a knife's retraction. Her strength is slowly returning, but her will to run is weak. She's lost count of how many are pulled out, but it feels like it must be almost all of them at this point.

Her estimation is not off, as Sakuya grips the handle of the final knife. This last one, instead of slowly, is wrenched out viciously, the maid's eyes nearly glazing over as a spray of blood arcs from what's now the largest cut of them all and the oni below her looks to convulse at the spike of pain brought by that, even after the resounding scream quiets. Yuugi's face is buried into the soaked ground as she clutches at the back of her head, perhaps in reflex, or perhaps... perhaps there's something more to these convulsions than pain. The orgasm rocking her, however, goes unnoticed, as Sakuya shakes the last of her implements free of youkai blood; in truth, her own arousal is difficult to keep hidden, that eerie smile the only hint allowed to slip through, her voice kept level as she speaks, though her tone is demeaning, “Is this sufficient to show you, then? Or will you require further demonstration? There are plenty of places left I've yet to-”

Yuugi's shaking dies down mid-taunt, and finally, she can move her body beyond involuntary shakes and spasms. She's up and moving fast despite her wounds and the trail of red left in her wake when she scrambles for one side of the crater, throwing herself out more than climbing. Once more her retreat brings quakes as she runs, cowed, for a home she may never leave after this most thorough and public shaming. Even if most of the crowd has dispersed by now, it hardly matters; the full account will spread like wildfire, and she may never be able to show her face anywhere in Gensokyo again. Of those left in the crowd, however, there is one with purple hair who approaches Sakuya upon her exit from the hole. Satori calls out to keep her here for just a moment longer, “A moment please, if you would, Miss Maid.” As Sakuya turns her gaze to Satori, the mind-reader continues without letting her speak up, “No, don't give me that. I only need you for a few seconds, and you'll like what I have to say.” A retort is cut off as the purple-haired girl leans in close to whisper, “Yes, yes, you've important places to be. Now listen. About Yuugi...” And rather than disappear, Sakuya obliges to listen. It's hard for that unnatural, sadistic smile to become more off-putting, and yet it does as the truth of what's just unfolded is explained to her. Pulling back with a much sweeter smile, Satori waves the maid off. “Yes, I'm glad you agree. Hopefully you two can work this out. It seems it will be for the best. Run along, now.” And just like that, Sakuya's gone.

Back home, with the worst of her bleeding finally stopped, and an extra large receptacle of sake in each hand, Yuugi is having a mental breakdown. She came from being stabbed. She came[i] from being stabbed. [i]She came from being stabbed. The moment replays itself in her head, that glorious- no, that horrific, feeling of sheer pleasure- no, sheer agony, Yuugi. Her fraying mind cannot cope right now with just how aroused she was, being at Sakuya's mercy. How right it felt, despite being so much larger, so much stronger, than the maid. If only she could get her hands on her, she'd have won with ease. Instead, she was covered in all these new holes. Setting aside the first empty gourd and feeling up her back to try and count just how many times she was stabbed brings a fresh wave of misery, each count another spike that emanates, and each spike another quiver down below. She feels insatiable, despite the previous climax, and her snatch beckons for attention; her free hand is halfway down there, about to pull up her skirt, before rage at what she's becoming overwhelms her and she picks up the emptied drinking vessel, hurling it to smash against the wall, right as the sliding door to her house opens. Sakuya doesn't even blink at the sudden shattering that greets her ears, letting herself in as Yuugi desperately backs away, crawling to escape from the reappearance of her new worst nightmare.

“You do not seem to be taking your loss very well,” Sakuya muses, closing in on Yuugi faster than she can scramble away. “You needn't be so scared, you know. I have not come to stab you more... yet.” That final word is left to linger in the air for a few poignant moments, as Yuugi's back ends up against a wall. Sakuya is having fun with this, far too much fun, getting closer and closer as what was once a titan practically cowers, curling herself up in the knowledge that she's outmatched. Sakuya drinks in those violent shakes and whimpers, how Yuugi's back being involuntarily knocked against the wall repeatedly lights up new fires of suffering, before finally continuing with actual words, “No, I've come here to treat instead. I've had the situation explained to me by that purple haired mind-reader. I now fully understand what you're going through. A masochistic little sow, aren't you?”

“M-m-maso...” Yuugi can't even finish the word; she certainly doesn't want to. A half-formed protest on principle is near up her throat, before it strikes her that Sakuya said she was told this by Satori. She can't even deny it if that's the case. The giant made fearful keeps her eyes cast down in silence. A shortness of blood is the only reason her cheeks are not aflush with red embarrassment at the darkest of secrets revealed. She is left to stew like this for many moments, discomfort and terror growing, before she can find a voice, far too weak to be her own, to speak up and inquire, “What is it you want? Why did Satori tell you that?”

In all honesty, Sakuya's face right now is probably more answer than is necessary, no reservation being employed, no hint of duplicity trying to hide exactly how much she enjoys this. Of course, Yuugi's question is still being addressed to the ground, and she can't see Sakuya's face. So it falls on the maid to explain, lust in her voice rising as she goes, “Well, because you and I, we're compatible. Very much so. You see, my pain-pleasured pervert, I am a sadist. And I am... in the market, as it were, for someone who appreciates my knives as much as I do.” It's quite a time more of staring down that's needed before the oni can raise her face up, exposing her eyes threatening to break like a dam and finally catching a glimpse of just the look she's getting from the maid; a look that conveys in no uncertain terms a complete and undeniable victory, a control of the situation – of Yuugi herself – that cannot be overturned. She gulps.

“Sadist?” She repeats the word meekly: is that squeak really what she sounds like right now? Regardless of all the missing bravado, that singular word doesn't nearly answer what Sakuya's just proposed. She continues on, pretty much muttering to herself, “You mean you're a... And you want me to... And we'd...” Unbidden, scenes of prostration play through her head: laying upon the ground to act as nothing more than an object for Sakuya to impale, counting up stab wound after stab wound, racked up all in pursuit of a singular goal, to please the maid glowering at her with cold eyes from a position above her. Above. None had ever stood above her. She was always larger, always on top. And yet, to not be recontextualizes the shaking she cannot put to rest; the fear is fading to be overtaken by a feeling that makes her heart wrench: arousal. It is this that brings her to shake now, not a fear of what Sakuya may do to her, but instead an anticipation of those same actions. The difference, slight though it may be, is visible to the maid now that she has the full picture.

“That's right. I'm sure you're picturing it now, aren't you?” Sakuya can't – doesn't even work to – suppress a shudder as she speaks ever more fervently, “Day in, day out; tied up or tied down. Hardly a person, but instead a plaything: my plaything. Anything I wanted to do to you, anywhere I wanted to stab you, you'd let me. No demand too degrading to acquiesce to, no punishment too agonizing to endure. Acting at my beck and call, giving up your own whims and supplanting them with my own! Being handed over to anyone else I felt like and being forced to listen to them too, below almost everyone in rank and station! No longer a proud, mighty oni, but no longer needing to live up to that title! Controlled! And yet... freed.” By the time she' reaches the crescendo, she hits such fervor it's hard to imagine she mightn't come just from the declaration itself. But not quite, as she gazes upon the one to whom she proffers this with desire-filled eyes and states, less a suggestion and more an order, “Your reputation is ruined, regardless. Give yourself to me and come to the mansion.”

By rights, Yuugi's listening to the rambling words of a madwoman. Every last statement should bring further concern, disturb her that she's presently at the mercy of this maniac. Instead, the more the maid speaks, growing exceedingly animate, her own reaction is to match that outburst in how calm she gets. Everything feels a little light right about now, too, as the words sink in; her loins are plenty warm at the thought. All of this can be hers. Everything the maid just said, all of that could happen to her. All she has to do, the only act needed on her part to make it happen, is to say one little word, “Yes.”

With that word, the contract is sealed, but one formality remaining as Sakuya's uniform disappears in the blink of an eye, reappearing in a corner where it can no longer obscure anything. Her lean and supple body is laid nigh bare: her thin, lithe arms, with knife grasped in hand; her modest bust, with little stiffened nipples just inviting one to suck; her taut, flat stomach, a barren plain of white skin; and her lush, womanly thighs, between which hides the last unexplored vistas of her body. The last article of clothing remaining on the maid is a pair of silken, lacy panties of intricate design. They are seeped through with lustful discharge that confirms how much enjoyment Sakuya has had in stabbing the oni. Her empty arm extends out to the one curled upon the ground, tone getting only more commanding now that her victim has acquiesced. “Give me one of your arms. And while you do that, you're to finish getting me off using only your mouth.”

With some trepidation, but unable to stop herself, Yuugi proffers one of her large arms, held in Sakuya's comparatively dainty hand. She can guess what's about to happen to it. It's arduous to steel herself for it, even with her arousal at the prospect. But steel herself the oni does as she gets to her knees properly and leans down, clipping her teeth around the fabric of Sakuya's undergarment. She may be new to submitting herself to people, but Yuugi's no stranger to sex, and she's making a fine show of dragging those panties down with her jaw – until the feeling of cold steel upon her palm gets her clenching. Sakuya hasn't even cut yet, merely running the flat of the blade across skin. “Did I give you permission to stop? If you're not actually what I'm after, I could simply leave.” The cold threat of not being chopped up gets the work to continue, and quicker, exposing to the air that sopping mess of a vagina that commands attention. What also commands attention is the shallow cut appearing upon her hand as Sakuya slowly drags just more than the tip of the blade through palm flesh in a deliberate, measured cut from end to end. The pain follows naturally, drawing out muted little squeals as a small trail of crimson begins to leak out. And yet the pain is not nearly so incapacitatingly great like before that the oni cannot fight through it to plunge herself into Sakuya's cunt.

The invader within those depths is both large and skilled, licking along all the most sensitive areas while bringing a pleasing feeling of fullness. Sakuya must keep her shivers of delight from manifesting as the knife drags onward, though finally her cheeks are allowed to flush and she affords herself a throaty moan. The oni as well vocalizes her own pleasure, from the latest intrusion of a knife and from her complete subservience. On occasion her tongue darts back out from the new wet cavern housing it, allowing a chance to suck at and play with the clit just above. Sweet, sweet natural lubrication coats the tongue at every point, informing the submissive giant of how well she's doing. So well, in fact, that between all the previous pain inflicted, the tongue's work, and the present stifled shrieks, Sakuya's limits have just about been reached. With a jubilant cry, the knife removes itself from carving up the palm, its work done. Now it's jabbed deep into a bulging bicep, drawing a fresh and proper screech from the oni as readily as it draws a fine splash of crimson. And that's the last stimulus that the maid needs, letting the knife sit half-buried within its new sheath while her lust crests and a potent orgasm overtakes her. With weak little whimpers Yuugi keeps up her work down below until such a time as her mistress has given her the go-ahead to not. Failure to, after that earlier threat, might mean remaining here instead of departing for the mansion, not a fate she wants. Like that she finds herself buried deep within the maid, privy to every contraction around her tongue as time seems to stretch on, looking up above upon the spasms and sounds brought by throes of ecstasy. Eventually, however, even this lengthy climax must fade, and so it does as Sakuya steps back.
“A lovely job,” the maid compliments her newfound pincushion with an earned sincerity. “I do believe I'll be needing to thank that mind-reader.”

“I can...” The oni hesitates, voice shaking from the still-embedded knife, and from an uncharacteristic uncertainty. “I can still come with you to the mansion, right? Since I did well?” The needy sheen in her eyes when she glances upon Sakuya is just delightful, legitimate concern that more of this might not come showing plainly.

A pause to soak in the shrinking confidence that a 'yes' is coming is warranted; moreover, it's blissful, to see Yuugi await a verdict like a heaping helping of jiggling jello as Sakuya recomports herself into a mask of thought. Still, Sakuya wants this as much as the oni, and she does not let the moment hang overlong before nodding slowly. “Yes, yes you may.”

The oni's first and immediate reaction to the news, as unsurprising as it is, is prostration; she casts herself upon the ground to offer thanks. Her second is to let out a not inconsiderable scream when this aggravates the knife left within. Through her wincing, however, in her pained voice, she speaks, “Thank you. Whatever you want me to do, I'll do it. I'm yours. Please, use me.” Beyond the strain from pain, however, there's one more note to the oni's voice. Along with the way her muscled legs roll together, it's not difficult at all to place.

“You will, you are, and I will.” Sakuya answers each statement in turn as she approaches once more. “Lift yourself again.” Yuugi does so unquestioningly, and does not vocalize how close she is to her own climax, perhaps out of some sense of subservience. It's actually rather cute to watch. But she's so close, it would be a shame to not get her the rest of the way. “Taste yourself,” comes the next order, knife finally leaving its new home. It drips blood steadily, little droplets splashing upon the ground as it waits within tongue's reach of the oni. That tongue traces along the flat, cleaning it of the coating life force and assailing the oni's taste buds. The heavily metallic flavor is not terribly appealing, but an order is an order, and she's loath to disobey. When the blade has not a hint of red upon it, Yuugi holds her mouth open to show that every last drop still resides there, being tasted as ordered. Thereafter, she swallows, letting it trail down her throat to rest in her stomach before opening wide once more to display its consumption. “Very good, my toy. Now, taste yourself again.” The words are still registering when the feeling of edge cutting through tongue meets Yuugi's senses, imparting an even more potent taste of steel for a moment before that unappetizing flavor comes from the very thing processing it.

The new incision, inch long, upon her tongue gets the organ at once to begin broadcasting its distress through pain receptors. Yuugi falls low to the ground and reflexively her leg begins to thump loudly upon the ground, kicking against it in protest as she lets out a singular, extended screech, muffled somewhat by her mouth shooting closed and the gurgling from it slowly filling. The oni's writhing that rings out with every slam of her toes against ground is not wholly borne of the pain from this cut, of course; the final surprise attack has done plenty enough to send her crashing over the edge. Entwined with the shaky reaction are an arched back and a disparately low moan, not audible until the oni swallows and clears her mouth of that ill flavor. Sakuya watches in appreciative amusement as the feelings occurring at her feet shift gradually. The contortion of agony upon the oni's face gives way slowly fully to a checked out expression of lust; the kicking lets up to be replaced in full with all the twisting declarations of peaked arousal; the sharp stinging eventually falls to merely a dull throb, and its gradual recline is in tune with the slowly lessening orgasm. When all is said and done, the oni rests upon the ground panting, dribbling a mix of spit and blood down her chin to the ground below. Clearing her mouth by drinking another load of her own crimson liquor, Yuugi can finally speak with a voice weak and queer, “Thank you, mistress, it was delicious.” While untrue, it seems the thing to say in the moment. The truth would be ungrateful.

“You may stand properly now,” the maid offers, and her new servant is quick to obey, scrambling up with little mewls when the carving upon one palm shoves against the ground. When she's up on two feet, the oni's looking rather woozy, to say nothing of how red the majority of her has been dyed. “Are you ready for what comes next?” Sakuya knows what she means – but in her authoritative tone she obfuscates it.

“Of course. Please. As you will.” Though she cannot muster the energy to throw enthusiasm into her voice, the oni's response is as prompt as could be hoped for, and complete with bowed head.

“Very good. The hand I cut – offer it to me once more.” Expectantly is an arm extended, awaiting its much larger gift. Hers to do with as she pleases.

“Yes, if you want it.” The shaking appendage is held outstretched, quickly falling into the grasp of its true owner. Expecting its further mutilation in some way, Yuugi averts her eyes and awaits the sting of pain. After doing so, the feeling of it being held disappears for but the briefest period, and right thereafter Sakuya's desires are made clear, a soft cloth wrapping tightly around the huge hand. Blinking in confusion, the oni's gaze comes upon her new owner applying gauze and bandage to the bleeding palm.

Said owner smiles up at her when met with the bemused face of one who's unsure as to how or why something so seemingly contrary could be going on right now. “You were expecting further pain, weren't you?” Rather than speak, Yuugi simply nods. “Don't be absurd. Look at you.”

It's only with the order that Yuugi really focuses on how exactly she's doing. With the inspection of leaking holes and stained clothes comes the full brunt of the effects she was ignoring, stumbling back down from the sudden weakness as she calms and her body need no longer fight so hard. It's then it dawns exactly how much has been drained from her. “What is... why am I...” That weakness is certainly a new experience for Yuugi, lowly muttering her confusion.

“That's called blood loss,” Sakuya answers in deadpan. “You may not be used to it, but it's a very real problem. And potentially lethal. Now, just wait there. I'm not here to kill you. I'll get you all patched up so that we may have more fun later.” And with that, Yuugi falls silent, allowing the maid to place patches upon most all the wounds she dealt, ensuring alongside a vigorous constitution that no undue bleeding out occurs. Only when a convincing amount of resources have been expended in getting the giant's form bound does Sakuya once more speak. “I believe you of all people should be able to stand in some form still, yes?” However seemingly impotent Yuugi's rise may be, the fact remains that at Sakuya's behest she's upon her own two feet. She even takes a tentative step and manages not to send herself crashing to the ground. Greatly weakened though she may be from copious loss, the old title she's casting aside was, regardless, not for naught. “Very good. We shall depart, then, for your new home.” And Sakuya leads on for the mansion of the lady of the night.

…

It is a week and a half later before Yuugi has fully recovered from that rather potent picquering. In the interim between then and now, in pursuit of refining the now malleable oni – to turn her from the fiercest and most raucous oni of the underground into the perfect model of submission and subservience – she has been instructed in the functions and expectations of a maid. To clean, to cook, to curtsy, a host of knowledge is imparted upon Yuugi for her new life within the manor. Neither are the newfound mannerisms or skills quickly picked up, nor does her drawn out submission seem to manifest easily in dealing with others that aren't Sakuya. Of course, that was a problem that could and would be fixed with time. More importantly, while it gave Yuugi something to do as she recovered, that was merely one facet of the life she was expected to lead here. The true reason she'd been brought here, as much as having another maid that was more competent than a fairy would be nice, was of course for the purposes of Sakuya's pleasure, happening to nicely align with Yuugi's own.

It is this reason that finds Yuugi hanging from the ceiling of a room in the manor, held aloft by exceptionally thick and sturdy ropes that keep her arms and legs splayed. The room itself is nondescript and out of the way, furnished with the bare minimum to be a room within the expansive manor. The freshly made bed, the solid armoire, the lantern that burns bright with magic, and the desk upon which rests a vase full of flowers, all of these items are quite plain in this room that clearly sees little use. The only things to mark this as anything but the most out of the way guest room are Yuugi herself, and the large basin that resides below her, empty for the moment, but the imagination requires little to conjure what it may be for and what this means for the oni. Her nakedness is only further evidence. Though much rope has been used to keep Yuugi somewhat still, she nonetheless manages to shake in anticipation. The movement gets her breasts, vast and pendulous as they are, to sway back and forth in the air, occasionally jiggling as they slap against one another. Her body, muscle all around, stands bare were any here to appreciate its thick arms and legs, the abs that seem to ripple upon the imposingly large torso. No small number of the stabs she received before have scarred, their sunken lines marking all those locales from which she bled prior. Long strands of hair, as though having failed to completely shave away a truly wild bush, sit on occasion in isolation around the puffy, large vagina on display, one clearly not new to sexual encounters; and one already warming and wetting on pondering the session to come.

It is a very long time the exposed oni gets to swing in the air like this. Hours on end is she made to wait in never-ending silence, nary a footstep passing her by. At any point of this could she break free of the binding upon her – a singular great pull would bring the ceiling of the room down with her bindings and let her shed them. Such an escape attempt, however, goes untried. Squirm though she may, she's careful to ensure she remains where she's desired to remain. Needy though she may feel, she keeps herself from tearing free to attack at the home of her growing desire. No, she has been told to await the maid's arrival, and await that arrival is what she's going to do. The patience required to do so is at odds with the impulsive nature that Yuugi has so long kept up in imitation of what seems proper for an oni, but the true desires, the obedience long dormant and unknown, can hold the impulse in check. Not forever, of course, but long enough that rebellious thoughts do not begin to form before a sound greets the ears of the dangling oni. Finally, at last, footsteps. And shortly thereafter, the click of a lock. The handle turns, and in comes the maid. As the door is shut and locked once more, the one in charge turns to Yuugi, letting her mask of elegance fall to that dark look of one ready to revel in others' suffering. “Ahhh, right where I left you,” the maid lets out a sigh on her slow approach. “I do hope you're ready, my little slab of meat; now that you're fresh once more, I have much more leeway.”

A hasty nod greets the statement. She's quite ready. Just Sakuya's arrival has further inflamed her lower body's passions. “Please. I've been hanging here so long. Please.” The desperation and desire in that voice is nigh on palpable, delicious impatient trembles rocking through Yuugi.

“Good, yes, very good,” Sakuya coos as she trails a hand along one of Yuugi's breasts. “You'd like me to start, would you? Right now? Just get to it?”

“Yeeeeesss,” the answer is moaned as Sakuya grabs a nipple and gives a very convincing yank that stretches it.

“Then you don't think we need all this foreplay?” A rough grip has Sakuya's nails trying to bring about little punctures within the supple flesh, to no avail. But that's fine. She just needs to do something to the chest to distract Yuugi.

“No, please, just do it. Don't tease me like this. You haven't let me do anything the whole time I've been here.” Her head turns to Sakuya to look up pitifully, eyes shining with an all too intense want.

“Oh, it's hardly been more than a week. Surely you can manage to hold out longer.” Sakuya lets out a rising laugh as she leans in close to Yuugi. “Especially if I tell you that you're wrong and we do need this, right?” Sakuya grins, hand moving along to cup at the far edge of the breast as she keeps up the charade. Watching Yuugi's expression become defiant for only a moment before it falls to passive servility is too delightful to pass up.

Whatever protests may have come, they're silenced as a good little pleasure slave would. With a piteous whine, Yuugi nods. She takes a deep breath and closes her eyes to focus on what is wanted of her, rather than what she wants. “Yes, of course. I understand, Mistress SakuyAAAAAAAAAAGH!” That moment of distraction is precisely when Yuugi gets exactly what she wants, Sakuya bracing the orb within her grasp with one hand and stabbing into it with the other. The first of much liquid to come begins to trickle out from around the sharp blade, droplets collecting around the tit before falling into the container below, as if lactating. The initial and most potent sting hasn't even faded yet when a second knife is produced, and the other mound finds itself similarly impaled. Yuugi's cry, hardly even beginning to taper, is redoubled at the fresh wave of agony. But, of course, the oni's snatch tells the truth, dripping in equal measure to the fresh holes upon her bust.

“Now, what do you say?” Whatever answer Sakuya would like, it is further put off as each embedded knife is jerked downwards, one after the other, carving larger holes no longer properly stoppered by the knives remaining in place. The flow of ichor increases in intensity, multiple trails of crimson rushing downwards in a constant, thin stream pattering below; in turn, Yuugi's keening increases in pitch, rising up to the point where their seeming isolation must be quite useful to keep anyone else from hearing it. “Come, now,” Sakuya insists, turning the oni's head to face her own and smiling a smile tinged with malice. “I asked you a question. What do you say to me for stabbing you?”

With a horribly strained voice, tears flowing freely, Yuugi speaks, “T-thank you... m-mistress.” She gets out the words the maid wants to hear. Her reward is a third knife sinking into a calf and rendering her incapable of speech again as she shrieks, the maid disappearing from sight as quickly as she forced the oni's sight upon her.

“That's good. Yes, you're welcome. So you can have more.” Gripping the recently embedded blade, Sakuya digs it back out in haste. The freshly punctured flesh, no longer corked, obliges to add its own rush of internal fluids to the slowly growing collection below; and as it does, the knife replaces itself not far off, slicing open another entryway to that reservoir. And as that one is allowed as well to leak, knife again dredged back out into the air, yet another jab inserts it a third time. On and down Sakuya travels, small holes appearing one by one and each furthering the growing gush as the abused area spasms for the hail of skewerings. Every stab gets the most delightful little squeal from the oversized oni; every squeal is music to the maid's ears. The knife is wholly coated by the time its job of opening gaps in muscle is complete, between sprays on each entry and splashing the discharge moving down the leg. Unobserved beneath the quickly staining uniform that's gone unremoved, wholly coated also aptly describes Sakuya's undergarment, a locus of her own, much less vital juices; but in her somewhat laborious breath and a spreading warmth through her body, any number of tell-tale signs of arousal present themselves. Of course, Yuugi's a bit preoccupied with screwing her eyes shut as she takes on this overload of a sensation she's hardly experienced to notice this. She's almost too distracted to even notice her own symptoms. Does the heart race from fear borne of pain or from that euphoric rush that follows it; does it matter when the two are so intertwined and either hastens the pumping of blood to treacherous locales that get it expelled?

And more such locales are coming, for while Yuugi may presently be losing what would be a profuse amount of her life force for someone else, she is quite the large target, and has plenty more blood to bleed. With an excited shiver, Sakuya drags the edge of her bloodied blade along Yuugi's ass, painting a smear of the stuff on it. There is plenty of ass there for her purposes, and with a solid slap, it offers a nice little shake; the blow may not phase the oni, but it helps reinforce what she could already guess. And just as she's sure of it, the dragging blade finds itself upended, point resting squarely on that rounded rump as it gets a shove. While it sinks, it does so slowly, Sakuya savoring each centimeter of penetration, even though it's not quite where one would usually be sticking something around there. It is no less enjoyable, however, to coax those cheeks to spread via keen implement than it would be to spread an asshole, tight or pliant, for far more usual sexual relief. And Yuugi's lengthy moan, half of suffering and half of pleasure, is much as if breaking in an anal virgin for the first time. In a way, Sakuya is, as centimeters of progress give way to inches, getting ever closer to the hilt, displacing yet more of the oni to continue its intrusion. Even that which bubbles up around the metallic invader, coloring the cheek an even deeper red than if it had been mercilessly and repeatedly beaten, would not be a strange sight to see in being vigorous too soon down there. There is little fanfare in the thrust itself as Sakuya, far more literally than usual, hilts within Yuugi, out of anything else to stick deeper; there is, however, every bit of fanfare as the maid's whole body offers heavy convulsions and she gives a grunt of the most sheer, animalistic pleasure, her unsteady hand further slicing up that rear. The violently shaking knife draws a particularly hefty crescendo from the moan Yuugi's been letting out this whole time, in shrill protest of the mutilation. And yet for all her body may wish to object, she doesn't; she remains strung up, letting Sakuya do as she pleases, getting further soaked in more ways than one. And then the knife is removed.

It is, perhaps, not quite so sensual as its entry when Sakuya removes that extension of her being from within the oni. In an instant is the invader gone, a fine jet conjured in the withdrawal, splattering upon the maid's face. With a finger she swabs off a portion of the crimson coating, a dangerous smile overtaking her as she moves in front of Yuugi. “Suckle,” is her command, holding out that finger to the still shaking oni. Obediently she takes it into her mouth, tongue sliding along the digit she's sucking at, cleansing it; when the finger is cleaned and removed, she swallows, neck tensing as the slight, ill drink slides down it. And watching the neck work, oh, does it entice Sakuya. The maid leans in close, and she whispers into Yuugi's ear, “Now, I'm going to need you to be very still for me, okay?” Though she gets a nod in response, it takes a while to still the incessant twinges. Stilled they are, however. And then Sakuya closes in upon that neck, knife approaching with the most deliberate slowness.

In the fight between fear and arousal that is this entire, sexually gratifying encounter, this new avenue comes much closer to fear for Yuugi, as she instinctively swings her head away. Weakly, meekly, not so much fighting for her life as feeling cornered and cowed, she speaks, “No, please, don't. I don't want to-” But a finger is upon her lips as she speaks, quieting the already quiet giant.

Once more, directly to the oni's ear does Sakuya speak, offering reassurance with the same commanding voice she would demand something of her with, “Shhhhhhhhhh. Shhhhhh. Sh. I told you before, didn't I? I have no interest in killing you. I do not break my toys. I could not replace you if I did. I need you to trust me. It will be uncomfortable. But that's the point. Hold still for me, and you will be fine. I know the body well. I will not cut anything I do not want to.” It is not a short moment of consideration that the oni gives. Indeed, this is the true test of her devotion here, and she realizes this. She has been made somewhat wary of mortality, in learning she can be wounded, and for all that she has lost so far, she understands how quickly a cut to the wrong part of the neck can outpace even that copious draining. And yet, for as scared as she is, the maid's words and her own agreement ring true. A slow nod is offered, and Sakuya draws her weapon close once more.

With the utmost precision of a vampire's butcher, Sakuya works. For all the control arouses her, in this moment, she is a professional. The very tip of the blade is what slides into the oni's neck, a minuscule portion of it all, dangerously close to those jugular veins. Distilled fear is horribly plain on Yuugi's face all the while, but as her mistress bids, she holds still; even her cries, every vocal expression of distress, disappears. She fears that to so much as speak, to even breathe, may move her neck in the wrong ways as that knife trails down oh so slowly, a few short centimeters finding a new opening upon them with the barest little trickle of blood, as a broken hymen. To the other side of that vein the maid moves, Yuugi allowing herself a sharp intake of breath in the short time she has with no threat of something going wrong. And then again the point and scant more sinks into flesh, carves its way slowly through a just longer incision, droplets and little else escaping from the cut. And in the moment of reprieve offered thereafter, a shiver passes its way down the oni's whole body. But the trial is not over. Sideways, this time, is the blade held, as it is placed once more near that crucial passageway of life. For the third time does it make its passage through that neck, moving surgically from one side to the other in a far longer stroke that parts with efficiency a flawlessly straight line from jugular to carotid, coming nerve-wrackingly close to each, and yet, as promised, touching neither; exceedingly shallow is it drawn, regardless, to ensure nothing else necessary finds itself severed, its length the only reason anything at all is excised. And yet this practically superficial wound wracks at the oni most for the duration of its enactment, requiring from her every ounce of restraint and willpower. It seems forever has passed when Sakuya once more pulls away, and this time, does not move to slice again. Yuugi's bated breath is exhaled all at once, every straining tension that has built up releasing as she nearly tears her restraints to shake all over, rope straining against involuntary might. There she rests, however, in the air, not broken free. Every shake Sakuya could not allow herself when moving so precisely, she allows herself now, barely composed for all her excited passions; her breath, when delivered straight to the oni's ear again, burns hot with lust as she offers her praise, “You did well. Very well. You see? Trust. Your pain will be my pleasure for a long time to come, I assure you; and it will be yours as well, won't it? Was that not... thrilling?”

Yuugi nods, the action shaking free several drops of her essence to splash into the filling basin; and what else can she do? Having handed her life so closely to Sakuya and come out the other side, can there really be doubt? With a tremble of breathlessness, a byproduct of sheer mental high and actual lack of breath, Yuugi answers as she should, “Thank you, Mistress Sakuya. Thank you. I will not doubt. No, I will not. It was... oh... it was the most thrilling...” Just to think on it again to answer that inquiry brings shudders of pleasure that reverberate all through her spine.

“You must be close, mustn't you?” It's hardly a question that needs asking; when Sakuya does the laundry later, she may never get her panties clean for how close she's come for so long without that final, climactic push.

But the question was asked, and so it warrants another nod; it warrants another soft declaration, whispered oh so lightly, as though to speak more loudly may be the inopportune action that sends her over the edge just too early, “Yes. So close. May I? Will you? Please?”

The answer comes not in word, but in action, Sakuya's nail tracing down from Yuugi's collarbone, along her spine, to that crack at her ass as she walks at a measured pace to place herself behind the oni. And on down then it continues. Over the oni's asshole it moves, but nor is this where it stops. Along that small strip between the two openings it passes for merely a moment, arriving at its true target. Several circles are traced around the utterly dripping muff of Yuugi's, each rotation dragging her that extra step closer to erupting. But she holds back. She knows. There could be only one reason for Sakuya to be toying with that area, couldn't there? Fingers, cocks, fists, toys: a great many things have visited that entryway and the depths beyond; yet, this will be a first. The oni awaits that moment. She is not to be kept waiting long. To tease, to tantalize, to draw close; much has been done of this on the maid's part. Blessed release need come and come it shall in a singular plunge submerging the knife, as one would a phallus, straight into Yuugi's waiting and very much eager cunt. Well traveled it is, and the insertion is easy; painless is another matter altogether, sensitive areas finding themselves granted new grooves they sorely wish they were without. No one within the mansion, none by the Misty Lake, not a soul in the Youkai forest, neither youkai nor human out as far as even the fringes of the Forest of Magic, fails to hear the scream Yuugi offers, a mix of the sweetest of releases and the sheerest of agonies. As soon as it has violated Yuugi's insides, her body goes wild, muscles tensing and relaxing, demanding blood for their work, everywhere within her and especially that filled cavity requisitioning more as they spasm out of control. From bust, leg, and ass come impressive gouts of the stuff, even the knives left stuck in her are knocked out to clatter into the container below that fails to catch everything; but it all pales to the epicenter of the most intense orgasm Yuugi has known, discharging like mad not that feminine secretion one might expect, yet instead all that precious life-giving liquid. A fitting coincidence, given the canal whence it comes. And as the ceiling bends under Yuugi's exertions, ropes threatening to fray to pieces, Sakuya herself is overcome in much the same manner. To the floor she has collapsed to writhe in utter ecstasy, heedless of the great ringing in her ears that Yuugi has brought with that scream. Fingers twitch, toes curl, obscene shouts are given; lost in her reverie is the maid at that most ferocious expression of torturous existence she heard for fractions of a second before hearing fled her. Like this, both ride out crash after crash, waves of pleasure hitting heights neither knew they could feel, for durations they were unaware it could last. Even these extended throes, however, have their ends, and both are left to pant from it all soon enough; one, however, pants far more weakly than the other.

It is the feeling of a spreading wetness that gets Sakuya to finally lift her head from the stupor that follows. What in Gensokyo- oh. Greeting her sight, that undeniably full basin runs over. Dark brown wooden flooring turns scarlet in all the ensuing spillage. The oni hangs, limp, within the ropes that bind her. Breath comes, shallow, but so too does yet more of that now dwindling resource; it comes forth still from those gashes the maid personally delivered. Oh. Yes, this seems a problem, alright. Time stops. Time resumes. All the many wounds sustained by Yuugi are covered in sutures, bandages, and medicinal rubs; hosts of splintered, bent, and otherwise deformed needles litter the floor. It's done little to actually render strength back into the oni; yet the flow of life outward ceasing may be enough. “Fret not, now. Death shall not claim you. We've the finest medicines from Eientei. Rest and you'll recover.” Sakuya's tone remains level, despite the oni's state. Despite Yuugi failing to offer any response, swaying insensate and unconscious through the air. Even if she were concerned, further words would do nothing. On the ground, in an out of the way, nondescript room of the manor, Sakuya can do nothing but sit, wait, and hope she's right.

Cirno awoke to a kiss.

It was slow and firm and sultry, mouth pressing against hers hungrily as a tongue traced flirtily along her lips. The delicate fingers twined in her hair pressed her close, the thumb caressing her cheek slipping down to her chin. She blinked drowsily as her mouth was invaded, nimble little tongue twirling about hers lustily before her partner began suckling on it, savoring it as she massaged Cirno's hair.

After long, intense seconds her assailant released her lips with a wet pop, and Cirno found herself staring into deep red eyes that seemed to invade her soul.
"Good morning, cutie," Remillia purred softly, twirling a strand of blue hair around one fingertip. "Sleep well?"

The slender fairy's breath warbled weakly in her throat as a single tear slid down her cheek.

"Mmm, bad dreams?" Remilia crooned. She rubbed the tear away with one thumb, then slid a finger down her back, tracing the groove of her spine with firm pressure. Grabbing the fairy's firm little ass, with the other buried in her hair, she pulled Cirno tight against her body. Cirno shivered as she felt Remilia's full, toned thigh parting her legs and grinding against her mound. The vampire's body was small, but lush - full thighs, soft, round ass, big hips, narrow waist. Even her small bust was generous; round, firm mounds with pale pink nipples. Cirno felt the devil's heat keenly against her cool skin; the contours vivid as Remilia ground against her. She squeezed and rubbed Cirno's little butt greedily as her mouth fell upon the fairy's throat, licking and sucking. Cirno shivered and sighed in Remilia's clutches as the devil's thigh kept pressure on her firm little mound, reminding her where this was going. Remilia pressed Cirno into another long kiss, this one deeper and stronger, and when she finally let the girl go, Cirno was panting for air. Noses touching, Cirno found herself unable to break the devil's gaze. Her heart began to race wildly as she fell into the vampire's eyes.

Remilia cupped the fairy's face in both hands, caressing her cheeks tenderly. A slight blush was already coloring her porcelain cheeks, delicate lips parted as she panted weakly. Staring into those bright blue eyes with quiet pleasure, she felt her heart quicken, savoring the beautiful sparkle the shimmering tears added in the morning light. The vampire gently brushed Cirno's bangs back behind her ear, then traced her fingertips lightly down her jawline to her narrow chin. With one finger she tilted the fairy's face upwards, studying her slender, pale neck. The vampire almost purred with delight as she pressed her mouth firm against the hollow of Cirno's throat, the steady thrum of her vitality a pleasant tingle on her lips. Her fingers traced down the fairy's neck and clavicle, stroking over the fading marks of their previous sessions. Remilia moaned softly, rubbing her thighs against one another briefly as her loins began to heat.

"Time for breakfast," Remilia breathed against her captive's throat. An electric thrill of terror raced through Cirno's nerves, her heart hammering fit to burst as blind panic screamed over every other thought. She fought desperately to move, but she could barely summon a twitch here and there, her breathing growing rapid and ragged as she beat against the cage of her own body. Panic turned to dread as the vampire unsheathed her small fangs, scraping them delicately over her neck and down her clavicle. With one hand on her shoulder and the other cupping her cheek, Remilia played up and down her captive's neck, flicking her tounge over the marks of old pinpricks, rubbing her fangs against Cirno's flesh just enough for her to feel the sharpness without actually drawing blood. Cirno had lost track of how many days Remilia had fed on her, but she knew she was too weak to survive one more vigerous feeding. If the vampire bit into her shoulder like yesterday, she might last another day, but...

... Remilia finally settled her mouth on Cirno's jugular, sucking hard enough to bruise as her fangs began to prick hard enough to hurt. The fairy's chest heaved as she fought with her last scraps of strength to overcome the devil's power.

"Please..." she whispered, faint and almost inaudible.

Remilia hummed happily against her captive's jugular. There was something exiting about this brash little spitfire being reduced to begging for her life with her last breaths. She laid her face against Cirno's, warm cheek to cool one, hand slipping off her cheek to massage her scalp gently.
Fairies weren't anything special, really - she had plenty of 'em, and as fun as it was to rip their little maid outfits off as they struggled, there was no real reason to keep one in particular.

... she was an awfully pretty little thing, though.

"I've already got everything you could offer me," Remilia crooned into her captive's ear, slipping her hand from Cirno's shoulder down to grope her breast. The fairy's bust was small, but soft, budding breasts already turning their perky nipples up and outward. The vampire squeezed gently, making sure to pinch the nipple between her knuckles, then rolled it through a few slow circles. She tilted her head forward to nibble on Cirno's earlobe, then traced the contours with her tongue - before delving *in.* The poor girl shivered and wheezed as Remilia pressed her hand flat against Cirno's chest, her breasts wide-spaced enough to accommodate the vampire's small palm. The vampire crooned soft sighs of pleasure into her prisoner's ear as she rubbed her thighs together greedily, the weak, rapid fluttering of Cirno's terrified heart against her palm almost too exciting to bear. 
"... okay," Remilia panted huskily, still drooling in her ear. "You... get one... chance. I cum... first, you live. You cum..." she grit her teeth against the fluid warmth flowing through her loins - "I rip your limbs off and turn you into a toilet for wasting my time."

Cirno began to tremble uncontrollably, a shiver of abject terror that swept through her entire body. Remilia licked her flowing tears from her cheeks with relish as she slid her hand down her captive's breastbone, over her flat, soft belly, and down, cupping her firm little mound in one delicate hand. The little fairy seemed to be all leg to Remilia - but they were slender and graceful, leaving a small heart-shaped gap beneath her pussy when her knees were together. Cirno mewled hoarsely as Remilia squeezed her sex, heel of her hand grinding on the fairy's clit as her middle finger pressed lengthwise against her slit. Tangling a hand in her victim's hair, Remilia craned her head back to expose her throat, falling upon it with her mouth. No nibbling teeth this time, just soft velvet lips against delicate skin. A firm, slow kiss, enhanced by the sweet vibration of Remilia's contented purring - lips sliding across skin as she widened her kiss - then the suction, gentle at first, then harder and harder as the devil drew away slowly, pursing her lips to keep contact till they finally parted from the fairy's throat with a clean ~pop~! Remilia worked her way up the fairy's throat, hickies rising in her wake as she squeezed her victim's mound rhythmically. After long, lazy minutes of molestation, she squeezed just a little stronger, her middle finger parting the fairy's folds and slipping into her pussy.
Cirno arched her back as far as her fading strength allowed, keening pathetically. Remilia chuckled against her throat and drew back to enjoy the sight. The fairy's lithe body stretched taut; stomach flat and perky little tits hoisted invitingly...

The fairy's wet snatch clamped down on Remilia's finger like a vise as she sucked Cirno's breast into her mouth. Tongue pressed firmly against the stiff nipple, the devil suckled contentedly, feeling every shiver and twitch of her victim's response through her pussy. The heat in the vampire's loins had spread to her head; reality buzzing with intense and growing need. Sighing, she succumbed to the hunger.

Cirno squealed weakly as she felt the fangs sink in. The devil's bites were never fast little pinpricks - she wanted you to feel them. With Remilia's fangs in her areloa, Cirno felt them quite well indeed. With blood flowing, the vampire's lust was ferocious; gentle suckling giving way to forceful feeding. She pressed her mouth down hungrily, squeezing hard with her lips to milk more blood out, then drawing back as she sucked vigorously. The fairy's perky little breast stretched as the vampire drew back, sucking harder and harder as her lips closed in on the fairy's nipple - till finally it popped free, bouncing back to shape. She attacked again, this time circling Cirno's stiff nipple with her tongue as she sucked, twisting her hand in the girl's hair and arching her back even more to enhance the effect. Cirno's pussy was squeezing the invading finger tight even without encouragement now, shivering deliciously whenever Remilia attended her breasts. The vampire began stroking her victim's snatch gently, sending a fresh shockwave through Cirno's taut body. Pressing her lips to the fairy's other breast, she took a moment or three to enjoy the sudden tensing of her victim's every muscle; terrified anticipation - and then she drew blood.

She could've finished her just like that; slipping two, three, four fingers into her pussy, biting her breasts again and again, riding the rising tide of her lust as the blood flowed ever freer - but her muscles were aching and burning for something more vigorous. She pulled Cirno's face close again into another deep kiss, her stiff nipples grinding against the devil's firm breasts. Slipping her finger out of the fairy's wet snatch, Remilia brought it to Cirno's lips and pushed it in.

"*Suck,*" she commanded, and with her rubescent eyes bearing down on the girl's will, Cirno sucked. Remilia slipped her clean finger out and pulled her toy into a fresh kiss, tongues twining around the taste of Cirno's juices. When Remilia broke away, she was smirking smugly and licking her lips with satisfaction.

"So... thick," she panted. "So much. You're not-" she gasped, rubbing her thighs against one another. "... not doing good, honey..." Resting her cheek atop Cirno's once more, she nuzzled her victim, tracing the groove of her spine with firm pressure from her fingers. "Try not to scream," she breathed into her ear. "It excites me."

The bedsprings squeaked softly as the vampire sat up and shifted positions. Cirno's faltering consciousness barely registered the small, strong hand gripping her ankle till she felt one leg being hoisted airborne. Remilia's lush ass settled on her other thigh, loins rubbing up against the fairy's as she rested the girl's slender calf on her shoulder. Giving Cirno's leg a lazy lick, the vampire began to grind against her victim with gusto.

Cirno lay limp, drooling on the mattress as her bruised, bloody breasts bounced gently in time with the steady gyrations of the vampire. Remilia was almost hissing with pleasure, the maddening need in her loins finally finding release as she ground against Cirno's wet little snatch. Every gyration sent lightning shivering through her pussy and up her spine; their juices mingling and lubricating their connection. She accelerated, sliding back along Cirno's thigh to bump her snatch against hers, grinding upward, downward, back again; she started swaying her hips a little for circular motion, she clutched the fairy's leg tight and moaned low and long - but it wasn't enough. It was steady, satisfying, and in time it'd be sufficient, but Remilia couldn't help herself now; the hunger was raging in her soul and she wanted her little toy, wanted all of her, and for that she had to devour her.

Cirno had recovered just enough to attempt resistance, gritting her teeth at the fire being steadily stroked in her loins - until the vampire's palm landed on her firm little ass with a sharp crack! Cirno's resistance was blown away in a bright white flash of pain, raw nerves defenseless in the aftermath against Remilia's steady assault. She felt the vampire squeeze her ass again, giving her enough time to tense for the next blow before it landed. Remilia's heart leaped at the fairy's squeal of pain, and without hesitation she hit her again. She felt Cirno's slender calf tighten and tremble, toes curled as she tried to brace physically and mentally for the next blow. Remilia nuzzled Cirno's leg as she kept gyrating, giving her a few more measured slaps, enjoying the way the fairy's pussy twitched against hers with each blow, but eliciting no more cries. Finally she began spanking her non-stop, swinging her hand wide and bringing it down with all her devil's strength. She felt Cirno's muscles shudder, then loosen as she surrendered completely, the assault so overwhelming she could only succumb and endure it. Remilia shuddered with pleasure as Cirno wailed, an instinctive, animalistic keen of distress.

Flipping the fairy flat on her back, Remilia plucked the girl's other leg out from under her and draped it over her free arm, pressing Cirno's knees up by her chest as the vampire lay flat atop her, thighs against thighs. The vampire spread her knees, pressing her mound against her victim's. Cirno was barely aware of it, her tongue lolling from her flushed face as she stared blankly at the ceiling. Involuntary whimpers escaped her as Remilia squeezed her breasts gently, milking fresh beads of blood from them to be slowly licked up. Every brush of the vampire's tongue against her nipples sent little shivers racing from head to toe and back again, the fairy's slender body under the complete control of her captor. Back arched, Remilia squeezed and licked to her heart's content as she ground against her toy.

Cirno's last vestige of self-consciousness had been demolished, leaving only a dizzy awareness lost in the moment. She felt ecstasy swelling in her body, frighteningly powerful, building towards something cataclysmic. It was something terrible, but she couldn't remember why - and her instinctive, bleating terror grew because she could feel it coming, relentless and undeniable.

And then Remilia's face was filling her vision, eyes blazing with fire that blotted out every other thought. Cirno felt dainty hands close around her throat like bands of iron. Her head began to swim as those blazing eyes descended, velvet lips tickling hers.

"Goodbye, Cirno," Remilia said, and kissed her. Her hold on reality slipped away, leaving only the maddening pleasure in her pussy and the tingle of Remilia's tongue stroking hers. As the terminal euphoria washed over her, she realized these were her last seconds of life.

The orgasm blew her apart, mind and soul, shockwaves racing from head to toe and back again. Hot ecstasy washed away her mind in waves, heartbeats stretching into eternity as her brain shut down.

Remilia sat up, panting with satisfaction, and studied her handiwork. The fairy was well and truly broken at last. Her devil power could dominate them temporarily, but only this treatment could truly crush their soul to powder. For Cirno, reality would henceforth be what Remilia dictated.

... but she hadn't had hers yet, had she?

Turning to face Cirno's feet, Remila carefully knelt over the fairy's face, pressing her soaked snatch against the girl's lips. Sliding her hand over Cirno's flat belly down to her sex, Remilia gently scraped her fingernails across the fairy's groin. She shuddered staccato and violent, like an engine trying to start.

The vampire smiled. She knew the fairy's body well at this point. She wasn't quick to recover, and until she did, she'd be hypersensitive. The slightest stimulation would be so intense as to be indistinguishable from pain.

Remilia crossed her ankles under Cirno's head, pressing the girl's mouth firm against her pussy, and brushed Cirno's stiff clit with one fingertip.

"Unnnggh," Remilia moaned, squeezing her own breast as Cirno's choked cry vibrated through her pussy. "Lick."

The vampiric power worked on a subconscious level. Remilia shrieked as Cirno's delicate little tongue parted her labia and stroked up her core, lapping away sloppily and uncoordinated as she might with an ice cream cone. Cirno was too weak to squeal properly, and Remilia was close to bursting. The vampire plunged two fingers into the fairy's sodden pussy and began stirring her up vigorously. When that produced more shudders than squeals, Remilia balled one fist and slammed it into the fairy's flat little belly. The vampire moaned with ectasy as her victim yelped hoarsely against her pussy, followed by shuddering, hacking coughs that vibrated through Remilia's sex deliciously. She alternated clit-strokes and belly punches in rapid succession, her hips swaying in fast little circles as she ground into the fairy's lips with all her strength.

When she could bear no more, Remilia seized the fairy's legs and tucked them under her arms, folding the slender girl in half once more. Bending over, Remilia enveloped Cirno's mound with her mouth and *bit.* Her tongue forced into Cirno's hypersensitive cunt as she sucked at her pussy with the strength of one possessed. Pleasure seared through Cirno's loins, the orgasm pumping through her body like scalding water.

After a week of being tormented, fed upon, and raped, Cirno somehow found the strength for one more scream.

It took Remilia twenty minutes to catch her breath after coming, and ten more to stir. She stretched lazily, like a cat, rubbing her bare feet in the luxurious carpet before standing up. Cirno was still insensate, her petite body sprawled on the bedspread exactly as Remilia's left her. Legs spread wide, arms overhead, face and cunt still smeared with Remilia's thick, glistening juices. She looked so pretty in the morning light that Remilia wound up her old Nikon and took a few pictures, recording the tapestry of bruises, bite marks and hickeys.

As Remilia stepped into the shower, she idly wondered how the fairy would look in a maid outfit.
 Mamizou grit her teeth as the oni seized her chin between thumb and forefinger, turning her face this way and that contemplatively. “You're kind of cute, for a Tanuki,” he said offhandedly, returning her death glare with a bemused, almost bored expression. “Must be the glasses.” Lifting her chin to face him (even in her platform shoes, the youkai was a head taller than her,) he bent down to kiss her. She couldn't turn away, but she averted her eyes and kept her lips sealed in a grimace as he pressed his mouth to hers.

He growled dangerously, twisting his huge hand into her short-cut hair. The tanuki woman hissed as the Oni torqued her head back, pulling her tight against his bare, broad chest. Pawing at her small breast through her thin chemise, he scraped his teeth against the hollow of her throat hungrily, savoring the warm scent of her skin and the trembling fear shivering through her slender frame. He pressed his mouth to hers in another greedy kiss, squeezing her breast roughly – but she refused to yield.

He snarled, slamming her into the back wall of the cave by her throat. Mamizou coughed weakly, stunned by the impact. She managed to get her wits together just as the oni lifted her bare heels clear of her platform shoes. Mamizou's small hands grasped and twisted at the oni's arm desperately, but it was almost thicker than her own thigh, corded with bulging muscle. As she started pounding her small fists uselessly against his arm, he just lifted a little more, forcing her up on tiptoe. The fight left her in an instant, her fading strength now focused on grasping his wrist, trying to support herself. Her long lean legs trembled as she balanced precariously on tiptoe, her big platform shoes rocking dangerously close to tipping. He held her there for a while as her warm brown eyes stared into his, pleading silently as she balanced on the edge of unconsciousness.

Then he lifted her a little more.

Air almost spent, sandals dangling from her bare toes, she finally stopped struggling. Her hands slipped from her abuser's wrist as her eyes rolled back in her head, the final, terminal euphoria almost upon her -

- and then she was lying limply in the Oni's arms, dragging in ragged breaths as he smeared the tears trickling down her cheek with his thumb. Dazed and weak, she could only whimper as her captor kissed her again, forcing his tongue into her mouth. Thumbs rubbing circles on her tear-stained cheeks as he held her face in both hands, he stroked and twined his tongue around hers eagerly. He traced her lips a few times before biting it as he withdrew, tugging greedily before releasing it. Unmolested, she finally caught enough breath to start coughing, her head resting against the oni's chest as the bruises started to rise on her throat.

“Shhh,” the oni crooned as it flicked her leafy hat off and stroked her thick chestnut hair. It held her close to its massive musclebound chest as adrenaline and shock dumped through her body in the aftermath of her throttling, leaving her a shivering, terrified wreck. “Shhh.” It carefully straightened her glasses again as her eyes began to focus again, shimmering with tears as they stared at the huge youkai in terror. He bent down and kissed her again, slowly, and this time there was no resistance as his tongue explored her mouth, the tanuki trembling in his grasp like a frightened bird. He released her lips and pulled her head back by the hair, kissing his way down the underside of her chin to suckle greedily at the hollow of her throat. Her long neck was elegant and inviting, and he scraped his teeth over her tender flesh as he moved to her clavicle and nipped and nibbled his way towards her jaw. She made no sound, but he could feel the wild hammering of her racing heart through the pulse in her neck; the terrified gasping as her small breast heaved against his bare chest. He inhaled the scent of her hair as he buried his face in it, then caught one fuzzy animal ear in his teeth and nibbled. Mamizou keened softly as he shoved his tongue in her ear and twined it about, the wet, lascivious sound drowning out her own terrified panting.

“I'm going to fuck you,” the oni growled in her ear. Mamizou's breath froze in her lungs, cold numbing terror trickling down her spine. With one finger he caught the neckline of her shirt and ripped it open, exposing the tanuki's small breasts to the air. Forcing his knee between hers, he released her scalp and seized her small ass, pulling her up his thigh, biting her ear to keep her from leaning away from him. He growled low and lustily in her ear as he grabbed her exposed breast and squeezed it hard, eliciting a whimper of pain from his captive, then a yelp as he pinched her nipple and tugged on it roughly.

“I'm gonna to fuck you half to death.” He rolled her nipple between thumb and forefinger, pinched it, flicked it, released, then groped her roughly, rolling her breast around as he squeezed tightly. Her bust was small, but shapely; just large enough for her breasts to hang slightly, large, dark nipples pointing up and outward. He leaned her back and bent down to her chest, to find one small hand clutching her ripped shirt over her other breast.

“WHAT!?” the oni roared so savagely Mamizou felt it reverberating in her breastbone. He slammed his fist into the earthen cave wall, the shockwave thumping palpably against the tanuki's back. Dust fell slowly from the low ceiling as he ripped his huge fist free of the wall, drawing it back for another blow. Mamizou squealed and flinched, trying to shield herself - but the blow never landed. She cowered, trembling, until she felt the oni's breath on her face.

“Look at me,” he ordered, his voice rough and hot. She opened her eyes to find him almost nose-to-nose, his eyes aglow with flickering red rage that glared and shimmered on her glasses.

Mamizou forgot to breathe.

“Put your hands,” he panted past his rage, “behind your head, and keep them there.”

Shaking like a leaf, she complied, twining her fingers together against her scalp and squeezing them together like her life depended on it - because it probably did. She stared into his flaming eyes, waiting desperately for his rage to decline from the brink - or tip over into violence. At last, he groped her breast thoughtfully, squeezing painfully tight as he pulled it to one side and released, watching with interest as it bounced and jiggled against its neighbor. With arms overhead, her breasts were hiked up invitingly, accentuating the perky angle of her dark nipples. He pinched and flicked and tugged on them curiously, ignoring the stifled whimpers of his victim as she stared blankly at his chest, wanting to squeeze her eyes shut against the horror, but too terrified to disobey his earlier order. Bending down, he took one breast into his mouth, biting down on her broad areola to keep it captive as he lashed her nipple with his tongue. With his free hand he molested her other, pinching her nipple between his knuckles as he slid her ass up his iron thigh a little further, fingers digging into the thin fabric of her skirt. His assault was rough and eager, switching from licking to flicking to sucking hungrily. Mamizou finally squeezed her eyes shut against bitter tears as the oni's tongue resumed caressing her nipple as it stiffened. He teased her other lightly, every tweak and tug more effective by the minute. When he finally surfaced for air, his toy was wheezing through grit teeth, staring fixedly at his chest. He lifted her chin with one finger, forcing her to look him in the eyes. The first chest-shaking sob rattled in her chest as wretched shame twisted up her guts - and finally it spilled out her lips, her vision blinded by tears. He slid her up his thigh and the clinging dampness of her panties against his flesh twisted her misery a little more, her stiff nipples shaking and shivering with her unsteady sobbing. She loosed a scream as the oni pinched one nipple hard and pulled, lifting her off the wall and toppling her body against his again. She continued sobbing and hiccuping into his shoulder, fingers still twined behind her head in a white-knuckled grip.

The oni gripped her ass in both hands and let her sob for a little bit, then slid one hand to his groin. Mamizou started fearfully as she felt something thwack against her hoisted thigh; something hard and long and...

The oni slipped an arm under her left knee and lifted, hand coming up to clamp down on her slender throat before choke-slamming her against the earthen wall hard enough to make her vision fuzz. With his hand digging into her windpipe she strained desperately for the ground with her free leg. Her shoe was dragging against the floor, but her heel was still airborne. Her shoe tilted forward as she rose on tiptoe, leaving her balanced precariously on the edge of the platform's sole. She felt cool air, so vivid on her damp snatch, as the oni tossed her ripped, sodden panties over his shoulder. He leaned closer, flipping up her torn skirt, and she mewled helplessly as something hard and hot and impossibly huge pressed against her thigh. He pressed close, the musk of his sweat washing over her as he ground his massive cock against her yielding flesh. The oni cupped her mound and squeezed, his middle finger parting her pussy lips. He growled with satisfaction, a deep rumble in his massive chest. Mamizou could sense the savage lust pulsing through the monster's veins, trembling on the cusp of violent release.

“Look at me, cunt.”

She looked. The oni's flaming glare pinned her to the wall like a bug. Taking his cock in hand, he began rubbing the slick, broad tip against her cunt, stroking up and down. Mamizou felt her heart sinking as her terror congealed into cold, heavy dread. His cock felt wider than her own wrist, and if he couldn't control himself...

“P-please,” she managed to choke out, fighting for breath against the massive hand wrapped firmly around her throat. “Too... big...”

The oni pressed his cock against her a little firmer, parting her labia wide with every stroke, his precum smearing against her core.

“I'll d-die,” she cried with certainty - the beast's tip wasn't just parting her pussy lips with every stroke, it was spreading them. “Please... please... I'll die... please...”

He interrupted her piteous begging by leaning in, cheek to cheek, his body pressing her lifted leg tighter against her, spreading her thighs even further. He licked the tears off her cheek slowly, savoring the soft texture of her skin, then growled hot and angry into her ear -

“Then die.”

Mamizou's eyes widened in mute shock as his massive cock penetrated her, forcibly spreading her tight little snatch open inch-by-inch. It was excruciatingly slow, letting her feel every contour of his member as it stretched out her pussy. Overwhelmed by the sensations of being impaled, she forgot to breathe till the oni bottomed out, eliciting a yelp as it bumped against her cervix painfully. Her long, lean leg trembled dangerously, bare toes curling against her shoe for purchase as her balance wavered.

The oni snarled, his breath rough and ragged on her neck as he fought for control. Leaning back again, he took a moment to appreciate her body, openly savoring the anticipation one more time before he devoured her.

Then he began fucking her in earnest.

He would've been too big even if she was soaking wet, so the assault on her damp pussy was agonizing. She squeezed her fingers even tighter together behind her head as the oni glared at her - she dared not provoke him in the slightest, lest he snapped. He was already knocking a squeal out of her with every measured, steady thrust - if he let his bestial lust loose on her, she would die. The oni watched her perky little tits bouncing, dark nipples tracing little ovals in the air, and smiled with obvious pleasure. Bitter humiliation bit into her soul, the miserable ache in her breast sharpening. She ground her teeth together and tried to focus on keeping her balance, on squeezing her entwined fingers tight together, but nothing could overcome the burning ache of her pussy at it was forcibly battered open. The oni was accelerating, putting his hips into each thrust, making the tanuki's firm little ass jiggle as he slammed against her cervix. He pinched her stiff nipple and twisted, dragging a scream out of her as her muscles snapped taut, her cunt clamping down on his cock. He snarled again, just short of a real roar, and redoubled his efforts, heels lifting off the floor with each thrust.

The tanuki's grip on consciousness was fast fading; the oni's crushing grip on her throat tightening as he neared climax. Her body was responding to the assault instinctively; her thighs smeared with her juices, the beast's thick precum, and even blood from her own violated pussy. His bestial cock was no longer tearing at her with each thrust, but his massive size was still stretching her cunt to the limit. It felt like his cock was sucking her pussy with it on every withdrawal, turning it inside-out - then slamming back in to stretch her around it once more, every contour of his massive member vivid and distinct. The hot pain in her aching sex was building into something more, a liquid heat that swept through her body and overwhelmed her mind -

- her toes finally slipped, the platform shoe tipping forward as the sole skidded out from under her. She pointed her foot and strained for the floor in vain, dangling from the oni's choking grip on her throat. Her leg went limp as unconsciousness stole upon her, vision darkening 'round the edges till only the oni's flaming eyes and savage, satisfied smile were left. Euphoria swept through her, driving her over the edge as she came at last, and came, and came, and came, as the oni's huge prick hammered spasm after spasm out of her shuddering cunt. The orgasms blew her mind asunder, scattering her thoughts till there was nothing but sensation: pulsating and painfully intense pleasure, and nothing more. His cock became the center of existence, the only thing aside from herself she was aware of as it mercilessly drove her on. The oni's roar shook her very soul as he finally came, Mamizou's own slick, tight cunt squeezing him eagerly as she climaxed. She felt her pussy stretching to the breaking point as his thick cum pumped into her, hot pressure growing till it seemed she must burst - then he yanked it out, emptying his balls over her body and face.

He dropped her, letting the tanuki woman hit the ground like a used dishrag. She flopped against the wall limply, legs splayed, fingers still twined behind her head in a gesture of surrender. She stared blankly past cum-splattered glasses knocked askew, bruised breasts heaving with every ragged breath. Her hands finally fell to her sides, but she made no move to push down her torn skirt, hiked up about her waist to expose her gaping pussy still dripping blood-streaked cum. The oni produced a pipe and puffed away contentedly, admiring his handiwork as he rested.

She still hadn't recovered enough to cry when the oni seized her by the hair and started dragging her deeper into the dark recesses of the cave.

“Now, how should we start?”

The question you hear from Aya fires a cool bullet through your gut. That, and the way Momiji steps over to kneel by your arm, rubbing her waking cock on your elbow. Dinner long finished, Aya nudges your wrist up with a hand and the plate below it away with a foot. While she straddles your thigh. You make an attempt to voice your opinion, but Momiji plants a hand on your shoulder. She exerts enough force to bend you backwards until you lie on the floor.

Even though Aya owns the house, you're surprised Momiji's taken this much action. No. Actually, that's just like her.

The white wolf tengu stares down, her gaze piercing you. “Stay still and relax.”

Aya's fingers pluck at your waistband, but Momiji's hands drop down and pull the knot from your cotton belt. Momiji strips your lower clothes down to your ankles, while Aya spreads her palm above your rising member. As though coaxing something to life with some strange ritual. She undresses your shirt, turning it into a makeshift bed.

“Do you not want us to go too fast?” She chuckles as you harden upright. Her hand feels the small muscle while rubbing your stomach. “You don't quite have the endurance we have.”

Sitting between your legs, Momiji stares down at your cock. She doesn't say anything, only panting somewhat hard while doing so. Her warm breath caresses the head of your penis.

Momiji wants it. Wanting to attack it. Waiting, to attack. You can break that stoic, serious face of hers with your cock. And she knows she does every time she decides to give you a blowjob.

Dipping her head down, she sucks on the head of your cock. Her tongue droops from her lip, the soft wetness dragging across the skin of your penis. A light draw that comes and goes with the warm breath she covers your rod in. Aya silences your groan as she covers your mouth with your own, lips clamping on yours. Licking as soon as she's inside. One of your hands rises to Aya's open front, fingering a nipple before she grabs your wrist.

Guiding you lower.

You clench your fingers somewhat while you groan again. Momiji starts bobbing down and up. As empty as the hollow of her mouth is, Momiji's tongue slides flat along your hard cock as she fucks you with her head. Unfortunate, but all you see is the wrinkle of Aya's grin from the sound of her tongue licking yours. Then, she rises off of your mouth for a moment.

“Don't worry.” She wraps your hand around half-erect penis. Her sigh empowers you to grip around the length, which twitches harder in your palm. “You're not any less of a man. But we are going to fulfill our needs.”

Aya's hand moves up your chest, pinching and twisting your nipple while kissing you deep once more. You keep groaning as Momiji replaces her mouth with a hand. She swirls her tongue down your shaft and toward your balls, the circles churning the heat growing deep inside your sack. She also begins groaning as she takes one in her lips. She sucks and pulls on the heat within you, juggling it with savoring flicks of her tongue. Her hand pulls down and up your penis, tugging the foreskin around your cock with her speed and strength. You know you're hard enough for penetration now. Momiji's nose digs against the side of your erection, taking in your scent with a deep sniff. Aya brushes her lips on your cheek, a wet mark cooling your face as she laughs in your ear.

She kisses the lobe before you hear Momiji pant once. Hard. The tengu wolf's thighs brush over and straddle your own. Something warm, and something slick, wraps around a third of your cock. You know what it is when you see Momiji's body lowering over you.

If any man doesn't feel jealous despite the erection bobbing over your stomach, then they're idiots for ignoring the two tengu by your side. The sight of Momiji lunging up and down over your cock. Aya sighing in your ear as she drags her knee and soft thigh onto your chest. Yes, there's a second cock poking into your side. Still. The breast pushing into your arm, the nipple hard against your skin. Gods. The embrace of two lovers, all three of you together. The taste of Aya's tongue. Wet, but sweet as the thought of her tongue makes you believe. And how Aya angles her foot to press on Momiji's cock, pressing it against Momiji's own stomach. Sure, there's some nerves from knowing your ass is going to get fucked soon. But the building pressure in your cock, the concentration of two tengu and a human working in tandem. Who wouldn't want this?

Aya chuckles once, before she turns herself around. Aligning her pussy over your face, taking her erection in your hand. She faces toward Momiji while speaking to you.

“I'd feed you my cock,” She stops to sigh as you lick her once, “but I'll save that for Momiji.”

With your face full of Aya's thighs and ass, all you hear is a light sigh from Aya's lungs. Then, Momiji's body leans forward, with heavy breathing that can't belong to Aya closer to your face. Near your chest. You hear a mouth sucking on something near Aya's crotch.

Oh....

Oh. You can help out here.

You bring your hands up. Your palms start stroking the top of her thighs, petting down and repeating. Scratching light and stroking with your fingernails.

Aya's light moan passes up toward the ceiling as you and Momiji attack her in two sensitive spots.

Though, Momiji's attacking herself by sucking on Aya's cock. You somewhat regret it, as Momiji slows herself down to perform two things at once. It doesn't stop her insides from being tight. Or Aya's juices from dripping over and across your mouth. And listening to Momiji's smacking and sucking, breathing hard and hallow while stuffed with Aya. You can even hear the wolf tengu groan with teeth bared, the way her voice grumbles with lust instead of pleasure. A subtle difference of want and receive.

Of course, half of the pleasure remains from the repetition of Momiji's pussy squeezing around your dick. Even with the minimal rocking of her hips, she manages to pleasure you without exactly fucking you. You also can't be too conscious of Momiji, with Aya's ass riding your face. Your mouth doesn't have complete access to her pussy, but seeing Aya's pale body rising and falling before your eyes doesn't feel too bad, either.

You'd have to get accustomed to ass, considering yours will be used in the near future.

As though this thought can control fate, you hear Momiji groan with her mouth full as something warm lands past your stomach. Aya rises off your face as you hear Momiji groan again. Unlike Aya's light sighs, Momiji's groans push out as low growls. A sound of instinct that rumbles down her body into your stomach. Aya holds her breath as she cums inside the other tengu's mouth. When the crow tengu's body rises for a moment, you look down yourself to see Momiji's throat contract with every few seconds. Concentratiing on swallowing the load being deposited into her mouth. However, Aya pulls back. You see the bottom of her hand jerk her cock enough to drizzle a few shots of semen onto Momiji's face. One or two probably land on your chest, but you can't tell from the mess that Momiji already made.

“So,” Aya sighs again, “you can take him too, right?”

You know what Aya means. Before you can move, Momiji crawls back and opens her mouth. She doesn't hesitate as she begins giving you another blowjob, her lips providing the tight hold that keeps you hard. Aya scoots off of your body to the side for you to watch, lying on her side. She lifts her legs and lowers one of her feet on the top of Momiji's head. Her other foot presses against the wolf tengu's forehead, lifting the hairs with her toes. From your view, Momiji's eyes stare up at you from under the side of Aya's foot. Her mouth continues to bob up and down your cock. Her own rubs against your leg, half-erect as it pokes into you. Aya tends to herself as well, stroking herself as she applies pressure to her top foot onto Momiji's head.

You know you don't actually have a fetish. But seeing Aya's bottom foot slide to your stomach, poking your pubic hair. Seeing Momiji suck your cock as hard as she can. The saliva trickling down between your sack. You know you're about to cum, and you feel that it's right to do so.

So you do.

With a loud moan, you further announce your orgasm to Momiji and Aya. However, something strange happens before you. You feel Momiji attempt to stay on your cock, but from how Aya moves, you know she's pushing Momiji's forehead with her foot. The result is that you cum twice inside of Momiji's mouth before Aya pushes her off of your erupting penis. Momiji opens her mouth with her tongue lowered to allow as much space as needed. The sight spurs your body to reward her with a strong volley of your seed. Momiji closes her eyes as your cum lands both in her mouth and over her lips. One particular strand webs over the crevice of her mouth. Another lands across and next to the corner of her eye. Some of your essence lands on Aya's foot now at the base of your crotch. The rest of your orgasm spurts less spectacularly, dripping to the base of your penis and back on Aya's foot. When Aya spots this, she smears her semen-covered toes up and down your softening cock. Momiji swallows once before cleaning you off. Her cheek bulges as she takes you. Sometimes rising off to take a breath. Sometimes licking Aya in the process. An unashamed, impolite licking that replaces cum with saliva along the side of Aya's foot.

Well. All you can really do for the moment is lie back and close your eyes. Lips on your dick. A tongue licking in the warm, wet hole of Momiji's mouth. And Aya, rubbing her dirty foot on your thigh. Not to mention Momiji's erection sliding up and down your other leg.

To your surprise, your cock remains erect. Momiji finishes cleaning you, continuing to suck you off. Your body is probably spent of a large quantity of semen. But you're ready to satisfy once more.

Aya chuckles beside you.

“At least you won't be watching for now?”

She kisses you after saying this. A peck that turns into tongue. You also spot Momiji waiting on all fours over your body. You don't hear Momiji breathe. Her chest doesn't even move as she stares down at you. Her eyes are narrowed, but you don't think they would be called hard.

Instead, she slides between your legs. Her thighs rub down your legs as her cock stands upright next to your own.

“Hold on.”

You notice Aya walking on her knees back toward the two of you. There's a bottle in one hand, drizzling an oil-like liquid into the palm of the other. It falls and trickles over her fingers, pooling at her palm, and even slides down her wrist.

“If you go in like this,” Aya looks up at Momiji, “you'll tear him apart.”

Considering the amount on her hand, Aya lubricates Momiji's cock with a slow handjob. Momiji looks down, kneeling over you as she observes Aya's hand twisting and pulling over the skin. The slick drip of lubricant smacks between hand and erection as Aya applies her hand over every area multiple times. She even slips her finger over Momiji's pussy, bending and straighting her finger directly over the other tengu's slit. You swallow as Aya bends Momiji's cock toward your asshole, with Momiji leaning over to hold your waist in her hands. You ass clenches for a second in anticipation. It does so a second time when it feels something wet and hard prod against the entrance.

You're not a virgin. Momiji and Aya have both had their share before. That doesn't change how your body responds to something being shoved inside you.

You see Momiji breath in and out. Then, there's a small shift in her waist as you feel the pressure of her cock pushing against your asshole. You hold in a groan as Aya lies beside you once more. Her mouth presses against your shoulder, as though kissing it. You can feel her grin on your arm as the tip of Momiji's cock fills pushes into your ass. The instant of a grunt clears Momiji's throat as she begins humping at the space between you and her. Aya's somewhat lubricated hand dips low to rub your cock, which manages to maintain its erect state despite the cock pushing inside of you. Before you realize it, Momiji's thighs press against your butt as she pushes her entire cock inside. Somewhere inside you, a sensitive tingle and shock shoots down your balls and up your shaft.

“Too much?” Is all Aya asks while her noses sniffs in your arm.

You blink, clearing your mind. “No. Uh, not yet.”

And as if you signaled the answer to another question, Momiji only lets out a breath before starting to rock back and forth. Thrusting forward and back. You let out something between a scream and a moan as lubricant, heat, and cock rush in and out of you. A warm pleasure rises through your cock before you spot cum spurting from the tip. Only a small spurt, but enough to tell that you had a small orgasm.

Suddenly, this too starts a series of events.

With a harsh breath, Momiji begins fucking you quick and hard. Her cock grinds in and out of your bowels as she fights against your body's tight denial. At the same time, Aya rises high enough to kiss you. Her hand also starts jacking you off, the lubricant loud and slick in your ears among the grunts and breathing. Most of which are yours. Some of which are Momiji's as she thrusts inside. A few are by Aya for pleasure's sake. In comparison, your cock is being fucked much faster than Momiji's inside you. Momiji's hands hold your thighs firm against her wrist as she concentrates on humping you. The slick heat pulsing in with every movement doubles the pleasure buzzing into your head. Some of that pleasure exits as heat through your mouth and into Aya's. Her tongue draws as much of your noise and heat as she can. Aside from the small discomfort stretching below your spine, the warm thickness of Momiji's cock spreads in a relaxing wave of heat. Aya's tongue licks soft against your own. Her knee hugs over your stomach in a way that her own hard erection jabs against your side.

Momiji acts as a blanket in the heat of sex, while Aya provides comfort with her small caresses here and there. Momiji looks beautiful, dressed in her pleasure as she pants from fucking you over and over. Silent, but tough and firm. On the other hand, Aya pleasures you with her beauty, her fingers strumming up your cock. Sensual, controlled, with a smile on her face. A smile not of happiness itself, but fulfilling desire for happiness. A three-way act of lust and affection.

You allow Momiji to raise your legs on your shoulders as she leans over. She plants her hands on both sides of your body and pants deeper. Fucking you instead of humping you, thrusting down instead of grinding in. A low moan rumbles up your chest from her change. A frantic pushing, sets of thrusts, that build over time. Aya nips at your shoulder blade before stroking your cock with more force, pacing her wrist to provide speed over depth. You grab on to something hard and warm in your right hand. Aya takes a sharp breath, right before Momiji pants once with a hiss and what sounds like a growl.

She thrusts in and stops. Momiji grinds her forehead on your chest, her mouth biting your skin near your nipple. Her cum lands somewhere inside your ass, and you relax as her hard cock freezes inside of you. After a few seconds, she rocks back and forth to empty the rest of her seed. Your penis twitches as Momiji's grinds against a small nub of pleasure inside of you. The warmth of her cock remains as her cum provides a warmer heat that dies down in a matter of seconds. As the sporadic heat fades, Momiji's teeth releases your chest before she starts breathing through her nose again. With a few swings of her hips, she pulls out for your ass to recover before lying on top of you.

Her forehead is almost burning hot, a few beads of sweat stuck to your chest. Aya, though, doesn't look satisfied at all. But why should she be if she hasn't gotten to do much? If that hand twisting near the tip of your cock isn't any indication....
“Hey.” Aya slides up and over Momiji's ass. She continues to call to you. “Relax for a moment.”

She places her hand on Momiji's back, pushing the wolf tengu's spine until her body sandwiches your cock between your body and Momiji's. Momiji grunts as Aya lowers her body on top of both of you. You bring a hand to brush Momiji's hair from her forehead while inspecting her face. Momiji's eyes retain some focus. Single hairs stick to her forehead. Your lips peck her cheek.

You know what the situation is. Aya's fucking Momiji. And from the way her hips moving applies weight and pressure to your body, she's being quite rough. There's a silent laughter on Aya's face as she pounds down into Momiji. Who, based on her lack of reaction, doesn't seem to mind. In fact, from the way her lower body attempts to move back and forth, Momiji fights back.

Momiji's stomach grinds against your hardness as she moves against Aya, however minuscule the movement is. Aya contributes the most to the rebuilding heat among the three of you, her hands placed where Momiji's were before to leverage her thrusting. After a few seconds, Momiji's limp cock also rubs against your own. Enjoying the dry grind, you bring your other hand to Momiji's face. Even while being fucked, Momiji's mouth parts enough for you to slip your thumb and forefinger inside. Her teeth close around the two digits the flat bone holding the digits between the top and bottom. The warmth of her breath bursts past your trapped fingers as Aya continues fucking her into you. Aya tangles one of her legs between one of yours and Momiji's, her toes finding support on the floor after doing so.

And with a laugh, Aya manages to move faster.

Your fingernails stroke the sides of Momiji's tongue as the white wolf tengu starts to moan. This time, her moans come out more like sighs than a low cry. Aya's hips clap against Momiji's waist. All Momiji can do is grip the sides of your body, her arms folded at the elbow as her cock starts to harden again. The wet tip rubs your skin above your stomach. The cooler, but warm emergence of her fluids stick to your body. Your own penis hardens to full erection as it grinds against Momiji's body just as hers does against yours.

Aya looks quite satisfied plowing Momiji from behind. If that twisted mouth doesn't let you know. That, and you believe the short burst of a pant every hard thrust is more than Aya makes in a normal session. With Momiji, you can't quite tell. Her lowered eyebrows could mean she hates Aya for putting her in such a position. Or Momiji might be planning on how to revenge fuck Aya. Or, she's focused on bracing against the pleasure crashing into her from behind. On top of the grinding pleasure (in a literal sense) from the front.

Momiji starts crying out with every few, thunderous claps into her body. A rather surprising whine that twists around the nerves in your cock. She holds it in after a few outbursts before her muscles tighten against your body. Her limbs don't move. Rather, you feel the change inside her body through your own. The loss of focus in the wolf tengu's eye as her inner orgasm washes through her. You recognize the switch.

But Aya doesn't stop.

For the next moment, Momiji shuts her eyes to endure the pounding. But you see the restraint snap when her hips jolt upwards, both pushing and bucking Aya out of her. Then, Momiji's back rises up as she throws her body backward. The force sends Aya on her butt, her cock bouncing once as she laughs at the event. Momiji kneels between you and Aya, but her eyes turn toward the crow tengu behind her.

“Too much?” Aya raises a finger across her mouth, almost biting with her lips.

The air around Momiji thickens despite the silent, unreadable panting coming from her. Her eyes find you as she crawls to your face. You let her tongue lap the insides of your mouth, almost pushing your head back. When she retreats, she spins around to push Aya to the ground by her shoulders. Momiji takes a second to adjust her thighs over Aya's stomach before piercing herself with Aya's cock. You hear Aya sigh before Momiji stretches one of her legs back towards you. Her toe scratches the area near your pubic hair.

An invitation to come forward. All while Aya starts crying out.

Although that cry was solely out of pleasure. You know Aya well enough to tell that much without a doubt. And you know Momiji well enough to approach without asking.

You lift Aya's legs from behind the knees as you adjust yourself. You hear Aya say something along the lines of “Hey” before you push the head of your erection against her hole. Your body leans against Momiji's back as you manage to shake your way inside. The warmth of Aya's pussy constricts around you while she sighs in pleasure. Her sigh breaks on regular intervals as Momiji hammers her body onto Aya's. Your chest slides down and up Momiji's spine as the white wolf tengu fucks Aya in earnest.

You know Momiji's breathing hard and rough. Accepting the lust that's running through her body. You find enough pleasure from sawing in and out of Aya, her body squeezing every part of your cock when it can. And from the way Aya's legs kick in your hands, she's also into the double fucking. Two different acts occurring at once. Yet all adding to Aya's approaching climax. Humping Aya's ass as best as you can is all you can do. But the heat collecting in your balls tells much of your own orgasm.

One that arrives as her knees crush your palms against her thigh.

You doubt yourself for a moment as Momiji continues fucking Aya, bent over and focused on lifting and dropping her hips. But as you see semen drip from Momiji's pussy, you grunt as you pull out of Aya and start covering Aya's back with your cum. The pale back of her spine becomes an attractive scene of sweat and semen. A sense of familiarity washes over you as Aya manages to power her legs from your hands. Aya's arms shoot up Momiji's back. She manages to hold the tengu wolf by her shoulders, her hands smearing some of the cum on Momiji's back.. All you can see from over them are Aya's eyes, staring straight into Momiji's face.

“Alright. I understand.”

“Mm.”

That's all Aya and Momiji need to say before you sigh.

“So are we done?” You take a deep breath.

Although that's a somewhat dumb question. Even your own body refuses to cool down to tell you otherwise.

Your first answer comes as Aya uses her foot to push you back. Not quite understanding the intention, you still allow yourself to fall backward.

“Not yet.” Aya crawls past Momiji, who stares with narrowed eyes. Her cock is still erect. “I'm not just playing around, you know?”

You understand what her words mean. Even as the both of you position yourselves so that you're on all fours. Presenting your back to Aya. And the crow tengu places her hands on your ass.

The only uncertainty is Momiji kneeling in front of you.

Aya drags a few fingernails up your back. “Well, you're already spent. And we're the ones with heat. So....”

She's not wrong. You're limp and spent. But that's not to say you can't feel any more pleasure. Aya and Momiji have both fucked you back to an erection before. Maybe that's to be expected with the two of them.

You're not complaining.

Her cock presses against your used asshole, which opens without resistance. You assume the previous lubrication and subsequent fucking prepared you for this. Momiji places a hand on top of your head. When you groan, Momiji slips her cock past your lips. The scent of sex and liquid rises into your nose, tart enough to send a warm shock down to the bottom of your stomach. Aya's cock fills your asshole, pushing in within the depths of your body.

Even clenching around her makes your spine shake in pleasure.

Aya's waist against your butt provides a soft cushion as she begins to move. Her hands guide you back as her hips press forward. You look up for a moment. Momiji stares down at you, content with keeping your head still as her warm and wet cock slides forward and back. She's careful enough to not approach your throat, your mouth tight enough to accommodate for as much as it can in comfort.

To be fair, you've given both of them a number of blowjobs. So you're not surprised when your tongue is skilled enough to make Momiji release a short pant every now and then. A circle around the head there. Tightening your lips and humming around her cock there. It's the best you can muster while being spit-roasted.

When Aya starts thrusting in earnest, your tongue pushes Momiji's cock up against the roof of your mouth. The act provides enough balance to pleasure Momiji in response to the rough fucking Aya gives you. In fact, she manages to reach the pace she had with Momiji, without the noise. But despite the silence, the pleasure burns hot through your body up your chest as her cock fills you again and again. So you satisfy yourself with Momiji's scattered breaths to make up for the complete silence behind you. You hum around Momiji's cock as Aya's fingers dig into your butt. You lose count of the number of times your nose hits Momiji below her bellybutton before Aya finally sighs once.

And if Aya sighs like that, you know she's getting close. At least, closer.

But the first thing to happen instead is Momiji stopping, before a rush of warmth lands in your throat. Hot, then tart and sticky. Her cum shoots inside your mouth as you swallow quick and hard. When you do, a moan trembles from Momiji. Even while Aya continues to fuck you, Momiji pulls herself from your mouth. You close your eyes as Momiji's starts cumming on your face. For good reason, as the first contact lands over your eye. More warm semen lands over your cheek and near your nose, before you can't tell anymore. Before you open your eyes, Momiji lifts you up by pushing your shoulders up.

For a moment, Aya stops. Then, she pistons up and down rather than forward and back while Momiji proceeds to kiss you hard. You don't finish swallowing the remnants of her cum as saliva mixes in between your mouths. Momiji moves down, licking once at your chin, throat, and then settling around your chest. She begins run her teeth and tongue around and on your nipples while Aya's hands rises up to caress your chest. Your cock flops up and down, blood managing to harden it somewhat. But Momiji remains on your chest. Meanwhile, one of Aya's hands finds your penis, the fingers playing with the lack of erection. But you know you don't need the reach-around. The constant pounding in your ass builds up the rest of what's needed. The small heat needed to push the knot in your balls out of your body once more.

You cry out. A second later, Aya stops full hilt inside you.

You savor Momiji sucking your nipple as Aya cums inside you. The tengu wolf's mouth leaves saliva trails along your chest. You can't even feel Aya cumming inside you from the burning mass of heat in your ass. You do feel Momiji bite your skin with her lips before moving lower. As you look down with Momiji, you realize the extra source of pleasure from the semen firing out from your cock. The tengu wolf bites the middle of your penis with her lips before she goes lower. Momiji begins lapping at your balls while Aya starts sighing in relief. Aya pulls you back, and you both collapse to the floor. Momiji crawls forward to continue licking you, suckling and dragging her tongue along each of your balls at her leisure.

There's a moment where you and Aya rest while Momiji continues tending to you. Momiji breathes hard on your sack as the three of you relax in this special afterglow. There's another moment where you slide off of Aya's smooth breasts to your side. Momiji manages to follow, savoring your penis a few more times before she appears to be satisfied. She rises in front of your eyes, her throat bulging as she swallows once.

The hard stare in her eyes would be intimidating if it weren't for the fact that you knew you just had sex. The soft chuckle tickling the hairs on your neck also gives you another sense of warmth. One that's not physical, but rather a fulfillment. Even with a spent cock resting against your tailbone, it can't be all that bad with both of your lovers resting beside you. Or in this instance, in front and behind you.

“I should be okay.” Momiji assures you.

Aya flicks one of your nipples once with the back of a fingernail.

“Me too.”

A chuckle rises from your throat.

“But what about guarding the mountain tomorrow?” You reach forward and pull Momiji closer. Thankfully, Aya floats a blanket from somewhere over the three of you. Momiji's eyebrows lower.

A doubtful stare.

“I don't know if it's healthy for us to stay like this.”

Aya laughs. Making fun of the thought. “It felt good, and it's not hurting us. Was it bad?”

Momiji blinks. One of your hand rises to stroke her hair.

“Sorry.” You smile to apologize.

“No, it's okay.” Momiji's eyes turn away for a second. They return to yours. “I was just thinking.”

“But we can't sleep on the floor. Ow.” You wince as you stretch out a tenseness in your leg.

Momiji kisses you while Aya laughs again.

“No.” She reaches over to cup and fondle Momiji's breast. “But let's rest here for a bit.”

In front of you, Momiji. Behind you, Aya. Rest is a good idea. The gods only know how much paperwork the Chief Tenma has for you.

"Good morning, Reimu."

My shrine maiden doesn't deign to answer. She just sips her tea and waves lazily at the spot beside her.

I sit, of course.

"You're awfully quiet this morning. Something on your mind?"

Still no reply, other than to pour a second cup for me. I sip at it right away; scalding hot as always.

"Well, if you're not going to let your voice out on your own, maybe I need give you a hand, hmmm~?"

I lean toward Reimu, my intentions clear. She leans away, still without even looking.

I slip my free hand into the folds of my sleeve and send it somewhere naughty.

Reimu spits out her tea. Her eyes bulge, her thighs squeeze together and she rounds on me with a glare that would send lesser youkai into shock. She opens her mouth, fire on her tongue -

"Yo, Reimu!"

Ah, perfect timing~

Reimu's mask of indifference returns in an instant. She sighs, sets down her tea, and turns away from me again.

"...Marisa," she says at last.

"How do you do?" I add pleasantly.

"Oh, Yukari too? The more the merrier!" The ordinary witch grins. "There's this new dango shop just opened up, wanna go check it out? I've heard good things!"

"...maybe" - I run a finger through her nether regions again, but her voice doesn't so much as twitch - "another time." Reimu shoots me a look.

"...oh?" Marisa's eyes flick between the two of us. Then she smirks. "You two want some alone time, all ya gotta do is ask..."

Reimu scowls. "Did anyone ever tell you you have a one-track mind?"

"Hey, it's what I do. I'm the magician of looooooove after all!" Marisa plops down on the other side of Reimu and slides up to her. "So, what's my love-struck miko all hung up about? Food? Youkai? Boredom?" She twirls her hakkero in one hand. "Just say the word and I'll zap all three~"

Reimu leans backwards, away from both of us.

"I just don't feel like it." Still no reaction!

"...so it's that time of month, is it? No, wait, your last one was a week ag-"

Spirit Sign 「Fantasy Heaven」

"WHOAAAAAAahahaha! That's more like it! Ah - heh - hey - wah!"

I scoot backwards out of the way of a few stray shots. Better to wait this one out inside, I think.

Reimu doesn't keep me waiting for long. She stomps in the door, out of breath for various reasons -

"God damn it YukarEEP!?"

I plunge a finger into her and she squeaks. Her gohei clatters to the floor as her hands fly to her crotch and her knees twitch reflexively together, sending her toppling forwards -

"Oof!"

Ah. A little high.

"...serves you right," Reimu huffs into my chest.

"If I were human, that would have hurt," I reply. I delicately pinch her between my thumb and forefinger, but all I get is a glare.

"So this doesn't hurt, then?" she asks, before roughly poking my right breast. I smile widely.

"Or this?" She grabs it and squeezes. Hard. I fake a yawn.

She pushes me down onto the tatami and plants both hands on my chest, putting most of her weight on it. I raise an eyebrow.

"You're really enjoying this, aren't you?"

"Dammit, just react already!" She fumes.

"I will if you will~"

"You first!"

I smirk, and watch the emotions play across her face.

Then she starts undoing my top.

"...Reimu."

Reimu ignores me, peeling back the layers of cloth.

"Reimu, the door's still open. What will you do if that tengu comes past?"

"Give her your three sizes."

"You've measured them already? My my~"

"Nope. Ran talks in her sleep."

"...pardon?"

It's Reimu's turn to smirk. "Got you."

"Oh, please. Do you really think I'd - ack!"

Oh gods, not the armpits!

"YoU tHINK you can tiHICKle me into submISsion?" I say, my unoccupied hand flying to fight back.

"Think - of - all - the - years - of - practice - I've - had - in - this - stupid - outfit!" Reimu grunts back, grinning.

I sink my middle finger up to the knuckle inside her. Just a little more -

"Aah!" I shriek in spite of myself because she just bit me on the nipple. "Ow, ow okay! That hurts! Stop!"

Reimu stops, and slumps on top of me. "I win," she breathes.

"You've completely ruined the mood," I complain.

"That was the idea."

Reimu pushes off me. I groan and start to sit up - but then she dives under my dress.

"...Reimu, what are you d-"

"Payback."

Before I can get another word in Reimu yanks my bloomers all the way off and tosses them aside. My legs pull in instinctively, but all that accomplishes is squeezing Reimu's head between my thighs. My breath catches as her hair brushes against them.

Then I let out a gasp as Reimu blows a thin stream of air over my clitoris. She makes slow, brush-like movements with each breath, softly stroking my labia without even touching them, while the real brushes of her hair continue to caress my legs. I have just enough presence of mind to slip my hand through a gap and close the door before I unceremoniously flop onto my back, breathing deeply.

Reimu adds her fingers to her rhythm, running them lightly over my skin, stroking down, around, and up onto my inner thigh and abdomen. My hand flies to my stomach and I giggle in an undignified manner as she gets more adventurous. Remembering my own machinations, I begin slowly stroking her with my thumb.

I gasp again and arch my back involuntarily as Reimu's lips brush against me. She slowly, gently kisses her way down my lower lips between breaths, and then back up, starting and ending over my most sensitive spot. Her fingers begin working their way gradually deeper. I whimper as she slowly runs them over my opening, and slide my own finger out and then back into hers.

"Faster."

I feel her voice before I hear the words, and it sounds unsteady. It takes me a moment to oblige. I shudder as she runs her tongue over me, teasing me with slow circular motions. Her fingers finally stop playing and start digging, first one at a time, then two at a time. My index finger joins my middle finger to match her.

"Uuh..."

Reimu tightens around my fingers, and my chest tightens at the sound - the first she's made so far. She quickens her pace, and her breathing. I run my free hand up onto my breasts, playing with my nipples. It would be better if it was her doing it, but, she's...

"Mmnh!"

...definitely enjoying herself. Unable to contain myself any longer, I lift my legs over her, crossing my ankles over her back. I can feel the fabric of her shirt against my skin. I breathe deeply and try to relax, to prolong the pl-

"Nhhhhnk!?"

I grit my teeth and claw at the floor as Reimu suddenly presses her lips against me again, sucking hard on my clitoris and ramming me over the edge. Her juices gush down my hand and her muscles milk at my fingers.

But still she doesn't stop. My mind stops processing what she's doing as she urges me on to a second climax in as many minutes. Somewhere in the haze I manage to clamp my hand over my mouth, just in time to smother a very unladylike scream of pure ecstasy as my third orgasm starts before the second is even finished.

I'm not sure how much time passes after that. Maybe seconds. Maybe hours. I stare at the ceiling, not seeing it, not thinking about it, not thinking about anything.

Then, finally, Reimu sits up. It takes her a moment to find her way out of my skirts.

"I think you broke my neck," she grouses, her voice barely holding. How she managed to stand, I have no idea.

"I think you broke my brain," I moan back, letting my legs slide to the ground.

"Can you - can you get your fingers out of my gap now?"

I blink, and stare blankly back at her for a few seconds.

Then we both break down giggling.

"That was awful," I groan.

"Yeah. But, uh, I kinda need to use the bathroom, so..."

"Just go in the gap."

"...you want me to pee on you?"

I roll my eyes. "It's only my hand, and there's plenty of your fluids there already."

"Enough fooling around, I really need to go."

I stare at her silently. Her face starts to flush red again.

"I - I'm really going to do it!"

I smile. She blushes furiously and looks away.

I trickle of something warm runs down my palm. I curl my fingers.

"Wh-what are you doing? Are you trying to make me enjoy this?"

"But of course~"

Reimu lets her breath out in a rush. The trickle becomes a gush.

"...what the hell is wrong with you?"

"Youkai~" 
Gensokyo truly was like the land of fantasy for Sumireko. Out in the boring, normal world, she had to hide her great abilities, but now that summer break was here, she was free to sink into a deep sleep-like trance and return once more to her playground.

Last time, she was too busy dealing with the ruckus she had caused to spend much time exploring. This time, she slipped into Gensokyo with little fanfare, with her mission already in mind. The pink-haired hermit Kasen Ibaraki had mentioned the name “Sanae Kochiya” before soundly bopping her and giving her a long lecture on the nature desire and impatience.

It seemed impossible that the upperclasswoman Sanae Kochiya from her school that always seemed odd and distant and had one day vanished without a trace would be the same Sanae Kochiya that Kasen had mentioned. Then again, it seemed impossible that she wouldn’t be. She would find out soon enough as she flew up the side of Youkai Mountain, headed for the Moriya shrine, Sanae’s new home — according to Kasen, at least.

Sumireko’s face soured as the name bounced around in her head. People used to wonder aloud how they weren’t friends. They were both nerds and oddballs, they both spent most of their time with their heads in the clouds, fascinated with the supernatural. Then Sanae had to go and be an early bloomer. Sumireko ground her teeth together as she remembered Sanae sashaying to school, drawing the attention of boys and a handful of girls as her hips started to stick out and she complained to her friends that she had already outgrew her old bras and needed to go up a cup size.

She couldn’t help but wonder what Sanae would look like now, a few years later after the last time she saw her. How had years in the land of illusion changed her? She briefly imagined Sanae as a cheesecake dungeon-crawler with a plate-mail bikini and groaned out loud in frustration. She pushed the image out of her head, only to imagine Sanae as a high-class concubine, servile and dressed in thin fabrics. That thought made her cackle, imagining Sanae getting her just desserts for making her have all these confused, conflicting feelings.

She almost didn’t notice as the slope of the mountain curved to flat, walkable ground. She adjusted herself, but stayed a few feet above the ground. She wanted to be able to look down, figuratively and literally, and sneer when her time finally came. She peered off into the distance to see the side of a shrine, a large torii in front of it, and felt her heart race. She had found the shrine.

As she approached, she could make out a figure. Someone was standing in the courtyard, sweeping the dirt path. Her heart raced even faster as she saw the sweeper’s green hair.

“Sanae?” she called out.

The girl stopped sweeping and looked up. Sumireko flew close enough to make out her features, then stopped in midair and let out a gasp. She was dressed like some sort of modern take on a shrine maiden, with a white vest leading and detached sleeves with blue trim leading down to a long blue skirt. What drew Sumireko’s attention first, however, was Sanae’s figure.

When Sanae turned to Sumireko, her boobs kept turning. The sleeveless shirt revealed just a hint of skin on the side of her breasts, and judging from the way they moved, she wasn’t wearing a bra. She had grown up as much as she had grown out, too, and looked like to be a solid foot taller than Sumireko. Sumireko felt the familiar feelings bubble inside her, the feelings she hadn’t felt since Sanae had disappeared. It was as if she was back in high school, watching Sanae giggle and smile at some boy who complimented her.

The filthy slut.

“Remember me, Sanae?” Sumireko put her hands on her hips and smiled, floating in midair. A slight breeze made her cape flutter behind her.

Sanae tilted her head. “I… don’t, actually,” she said. Her voice had grown along with her. It was breathy now, and sounded dangerously mature.

“Usami Sumireko, from Higashifukami high school! We, ahem,” Sumireko lowered her voice, “we were both in the manga club.”

“Oh, that’s right! Were you the freshman who sat in the corner a lot?”

Sumireko winced. Sanae’s trashy, mainstream tastes in manga had been another log on the pyre for her, and Sumireko made a habit of slinking to the corner and reading during most club meetings.

“But enough about that!” Sumireko snapped, shaking her head, “I’m here to get my revenge!”

“What?”

Sanae fidgeted as Sumireko swooped to the ground and walked towards her. Sumireko jabbed a finger at her, trying desperately to remember what her plan for revenge was.

“I remember you, Sanae! The way you flaunted your body to every boy in the school, just rubbing it in how you’re—”

Sumireko gulped as she got close enough to smell Sanae’s hair. How the hell did she get nice shampoo in Gensokyo?

“ — you’re a slutty hotbod!”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about! Literally!” Sanae took a step back. Just that movement was enough to make her breasts jiggle.

“I’m talking about these outrageous udders!” Sumireko had an out-of-body experience as she watched her hands lunge forward and grab Sanae’s breasts.

“What-- aah,” Sanae’s face flushed as her squeak of surprised turned into a moan.

Sumireko stared at her hands, slack-jawed, shocked at herself but even more shocked at how wonderfully soft and pleasant Sanae’s breasts felt. She couldn’t resist giving them a squeeze and feeling how the skin pressed against her fingers.

“What are you doing?” Sanae said, wiggling her arms but doing nothing to stop Sumireko.

“These… these lewd funbags!” Sumireko said, hypnotized, as she hefted Sanae’s breasts in her hands, marveling at their weight. She licked her lips, catching the drool that was just beginning to form on the corner of her mouth.

"Sumireko, someone might see us,” Sanae said. Her breathing was deeper and faster, and Sumireko could feel each rise and fall of her chest.

“You’ve had sex a bunch of times, haven’t you? How many dicks did you take back in school? Did you ever have sex in the school building in a stairwell after classes hoping nobody saw you? While you were still wearing your uniform and just slid your panties down and…”

Sumireko was squeezing Sanae’s tits like stress toys, but she slowed down as her voice trailed off. Thinking so much about Sanae in her school uniform, she remembered how much she seemed to bulge out of that thing even when she was younger.

“…Sanae.”

“Ow. What?” Sanae winced at Sumireko’s rough, clumsy grabbing.

“D-do you still have your old s-school uniform?” Sumireko said between low, dirty giggles.

“I don’t know, I… I might.”

“Take me to your room and put on your old uniform and let me see and aaaaahhh,” Sumireko groaned as she pressed her face in Sanae’s cleavage, grabbed the side of her breasts and smushed them against her head.

“Jeez! okay, just get off of me!” Sanae wiggled and gently pushed Sumireko away.

Sumireko followed close behind as Sanae turned and walked into the shrine. Praise be, she thought, seeing a hidden outline of Sanae’s backside underneath the long skirt. She was far too gone in her own thoughts to wonder why Sanae was acting so oddly. Maybe Gensokyo was the land of fantasies in more ways than one, she thought. She grinned, hoping it looked dirty and domineering, but could feel her cheeks dimple as her lips curled up.

She let out a little giggle as she followed Sanae through the door, then froze in place. In the main room of the temple were two other women: a short, shrimpy blonde girl sat at a kotatsu across from a massive woman with cheek-length blue hair and a plump, alluring mombod. Sumireko flinched and shuffled past them, but neither of them said a word or even looked up from their teacups.

She slinked into Sanae’s room and left that scene behind her. She was in a girl’s room. Not that there was anything special about that, she told herself, and she shook her head, trying to fight the increasingly warm, pleasant, horny feeling that spread through her crotch. This was just a revenge fantasy, she reminded herself, and certainly not an unrequited crush that she would never admit to anyone.

Then she saw a pair of Sanae’s dirty panties on top of her laundry hamper and nearly passed out. The scent of Sanae’s body hung in the air around the hamper. She shook her head again and turned back to see Sanae bent over, rummaging through a pile of clothes, her ass sticking up in the air.

“I found them!”

Sanae straightened up, holding the same old uniform that Sumireko remembered, the white blouse looking comically small as she held it in front of her. She tossed it onto the bed, grabbed her vest, and started peeling it off of her. Sumireko yelped and grabbed her cape, pulling the tail in front of her face to cover her eyes.

“What’s wrong?” Sanae asked.

“N-nothing! I just, um. I don’t want to lose control and pounce on you before you get changed! Because I’m strong and dangerous and good at sex.”

Sanae didn’t respond, but Sumireko could hear the sound of shuffling clothes as she kept changing. She turned her head away, facing the slightly-open door. She could just barely hear voices talking. It must have been the two women at the table.

“ —tting frisky again, huh?”

“Eh.”

“C’mon, Kana. Sanae’s all grown up!”

“Don’t call me Kana.”

Sumireko shivered. She rubbed her thighs together. That was it, she thought. Proof that Sanae is a dick-munching butt-slut bringing someone to her room every day to do sex things!

“It’s tight,” Sanae mumbled. Sumireko whipped around.

She had outgrown the uniform and then some. The blouse rode up her stomach all the way past the belly button, the sleeves only going partway down her forearms. The skirt was stretched tight around her hips, small enough to reveal her thick, pale thighs. Those obscene gazongas of hers bulged against her top, stretching the buttons, windows of cleavage showing between every button. She could see the little nubs of her nipples poking out against the white of her shirt. Sanae let out a squeak as one of the buttons popped open, her tits bouncing as they filled out the new available space.

"Dammit, woman!" Sumireko jumped against Sanae, wrapping her arms around her and sinking her hands against her ass. She could feel how tight the skirt was against it, feel how her ample thickness was pulled taut underneath as she rubbed her hands over her. Her forehead bumped against Sanae's collar. She looked up to see Sanae's nervous, twitching smile looking down at her.

“Get down here already!” Sumireko slapped a hand against Sanae’s butt for emphasis.

“Keep it down, I don’t want them to hear us,” Sanae whispered back as she knelt down, reaching eye-level with Sumireko.

Sanae’s face with her wide, pleading eyes and thick, pale, gently pouting lips were now right in front of Sumireko. She gripped Sanae tighter and nearly gave her a kiss, but panicked and turned her lips away. She pressed their bodies together, feeling how Sanae’s roundness smother her flat chest and how she could feel the points of her nipples poke against her and the muffled sounds of more buttons popping open as she stretched Sanae’s blouse further.

“Your dirty pig sow slut bitch body!”

Sanae yelped as Sumireko brought her hand against her ass harder, hearing the slapping sound of flesh on cloth as she rubbed against her. Sanae’s skirt rode up her backside, and Sumireko slapped again and felt nothing but skin on skin.

“N-no panties?” Sumireko gasped.

“I don’t wear them when I’m wearing my long skirt,” Sanae replied with an embarrassed giggle.

Sumireko pictured Sanae going to school without panties, ready to take someone as soon as possible and do the deed. Sumireko’s only experience was watching porn and some nervous self-exploration, and she couldn’t fully hide her fear at exploring what was virgin territory for her. She tried to force the fear out of her as she brought her hands back and shoved her in the direction of the bed. Her hands slapped uselessly against Sanae’s shoulders and she didn’t budge.

Sanae glanced behind her. “Oh. Kyah!” Sanae turned and threw herself onto the bed. Sumireko climbed on top, her muscles already feeling strained as she took deep, ragged breaths.

The obscene cleavage-window created by the popped buttons drew her eye. She gripped Sanae’s blouse and yanked it open. Sanae’s breasts sprang free, launching up slightly as her blouse opened, then flopping down against her body, bouncing softly in place as if inviting her in. Sumireko attacked, latching her mouth around one nipple as she pinched the other one between her fingers. This was it, she thought, she was feeling a boob. They weren’t quite what she expected. Her tit gave some resistance as she pressed her face against it, feeling it push back against her. Her nipple, still soft, felt pliant and rubbery between her fingers. She sucked and tugged in unison, feeling their weight each time she lifted them.

Sanae leaned her head back and moaned, her body arching slightly. Sumireko took her lips off of Sanae and watched her breast snap back into place after being stretched. A faint purple color marked where she had latched onto, the beginnings of a large hickey. Sumireko grinned at seeing her own handiwork and gave an extra-hard tug to Sanae's nipple, now feeling firm between her fingers.

Sumireko was fascinated and fell into a trance of kissing, sucking, pinching, and tugging. Sanae’s moans began to die down after a few minutes, and Sumireko tilted her head back to see Sanae staring at her, a hint of boredom on her face through the look of nervous lust.

She would have to do something more. But what? She was too short to lean up for a kiss, and still liked seeing Sanae in her uniform and didn’t want to take it off. As she raced through her thoughts, she felt Sanae’s hands reach down and grab her thighs. She yelped, surprised by how nice it felt to have someone else’s hands on her body. Suddenly, it was her turn to receive as her mind went blank from Sanae’s caresses. She was supposed to be the one in control here, not some sort of partner in mutual pleasure!

“Hey now, don’t—”

Sumireko was cut short as Sanae’s hands sneaked up her skirt. Her pale face turned cherry-red.

“Boxers?” Sanae asked.

Sumireko nodded, then buried her face against Sanae in embarrassment, but also because it felt nice. Sumireko had gotten used to being alone, and boxers and a camisole made much comfier underwear for her scrawny body. She shivered against Sanae as her hand pressed between her legs and pressed against her pussy.

“You know, Sumi, I remember one thing about you from school…”

“Mhm?” Sumireko mumbled from Sanae’s cleavage.

“I always thought you were cute when you got embarrassed.”

Sumireko squealed and pressed her face harder against Sanae’s chest. No way, she thought. It was impossible. There was no way that Sanae would think she was cute and would give her a pet nickname like ‘Sumi.’ She squealed again as Sanae’s fingers caressed the lips of her pussy over her underwear.

“Seems like this is working a little better,” Sanae said with a sweet giggle, “I know you had a scene in mind, but maybe you’re more of a masochist, aren’t you?”

“No!” she shouted. Yes, she thought.

"Here, let's get more cozy."

Sumireko yelped again as Sanae grabbed her shoulders and flipped her over with ease, suddenly looming above her. Those infernal boobs that had started all this now dangled above her face, then soon swung downwards as Sanae sat up. She grabbed the buttons of Sumireko's dress and popped them open one after the other, pulling the straps down her shoulders, then lifting her legs up and pulling the whole thing down her legs until it came off of her. Then she yanked Sumireko’s boxers up her legs, leaving her in nothing but her camisole and cape. Even her hat had been knocked off, lying on the bed next to her.

“Wait, Sanae! I haven’t…”

Sumireko covered her face in her hands. She had never bothered to trim herself down there, and the sparse hairs on her crotch were long and curly.

“Ooh!” Sanae cooed. Sumireko curled her toes as she felt Sanae’s fingers stroke against the bare skin of her crotch.

“And you’re so sensitive, too!” Sanae teased a finger between her lips, tickling her inside. “You’re enjoying this more, aren’t you?”

“I-I love it. You b-bitch.”

“Oh, that’s right! Now then, it’s time for my revenge for all those names you called me.”

Sumireko peeked through her fingers. She had practiced her evil grins in the mirror before, but Sanae’s grin was better than anything she could manage. Sanae grabbed her shoulder again and flipped Sumireko over, onto her stomach, her cape fluttering up to reveal her bare butt. She felt Sanae weigh down against her back, pinning her in place, then felt an arm wrap around her neck, putting her in a headlock. Sumireko remembered with a whimper how Sanae used to talk about pro wrestling all the time at club meetings.

The grip wasn’t tight enough to choke her, but enough to constrict her and make her breathing even more strained and ragged. Sanae’s other hand wedged underneath Sumireko’s body, roaming down her stomach to reach her crotch. Her hips trembled as Sanae’s fingers pressed against the top of her pussy, fishing around. She tightened her legs as a finger pressed against her clit, peeling back the hood to let it pop free, already red and swollen.

Sumireko let out a loud, low grunt and went slack as pleasure coursed through her body. She tightened back up as she felt Sanae’s fingers enter her and curl, easily slipping inside her pussy. All she could see was the pillow in front of her, and every new twist and wiggle of Sanae’s fingers was a new shock of pleasure as she explored inside her. The fingers pressed against a firm spot near the front of her pussy and caused another burst of pleasure to explode through her as Sanae pressed against it in firm, rapid strokes. This was so much better than anything Sumireko had ever done to her own body. Sumireko’s every inhale became a thin squeak and every exhale became a high, lilting moan.

Sanae's headlock suddenly stopped as she put a hand on her shoulder. Her fingers slipped out, instantly leaving Sumireko with a burning, throbbing need. She flipped Sumireko yet again, and she could see Sanae’s grin had gotten even bigger, wider, and nastier as she took Sumireko's slender thigh in her hand and lifted her leg up.

"I want to see your face when you cum," Sanae tittered.

She shoved herself back inside, resuming her assault, her thumb tracing circles around Sumireko's clit as her fingers rubbed and pressed inside her. Sumireko's mouth hung open and her eyes rolled up in her head. She could feel something building deep inside her, teasing her as it grew, yet also seeming to come on too fast for her to handle.

"Wha-- what's happening?" Sumireko's voice rose to a shriek as she felt her pussy tighten, every muscle in her body tightening. Then she felt a blissful release spread through her crotch. She closed her eyes and raised her hips as she felt fluid gush from her, and distantly registered the sound of it spraying against Sanae, still thrusting her fingers inside her even as she came.

Sumireko's clenched body finally relaxed. Her hips fell onto the bed and she threw her arms to the side, splayed out and spent. She craned her head up, seeing how her fluids had soaked Sanae.

"That was... unbelievable," Sumireko gasped.

"Was that your first time squirting?"

"Is... is that what I did?"

Sanae pulled her fingers out a little too quickly, making Sumireko twitch. She wiped her hand on Sumireko's cape, now wet and stained with sex.

"Aw, Sumi. You have so much to learn."

“I-I do?”

“Yes!”

Sanae grabbed Sumireko's calves. She tugged her down along the bed until her ankles dangled over the edge. The feeling of being manhandled gave her another rush of excitement and nervousness. She watched with curiosity as Sanae peeled her undone top off, then peeled her skirt down. She saw the gentle lines on Sanae's tummy trace down to her hips, down to the neatly-kept tuft of green pubic hair on her crotch. Her thighs were deliciously thick now that she was naked, and as Sumireko watched them move, she started to feel her sore, tired body beg for another round anyway.

Sanae leaned over onto her hands and knees and crawled up Sumireko's body. Then she kept crawling. Sumireko watched as she was face-to-face with her, then staring at her drooping breasts, then her stomach. She gasped as Sanae leaned back and she saw the thick lips of Sanae's pussy dangling above her.

Sanae reached behind Sumireko's head. Her hat had fallen off at some point long ago, and Sanae picked it up and put it on. "Now then, how about you return the favor?"

Sanae lowered her hips, enveloping Sumireko in her soft thighs as her pussy pressed against her mouth with a soft wet sound. She grabbed a handful of Sumireko's hair and pulled. The taste of Sanae's juices overwhelmed her, more bitter than she expected, and she felt her pubic hair tickling her nose as she breathed in the thick scent. She lapped her tongue up and down across Sanae's pussy, doing whatever came to mind first. It must have been the right decision, as Sanae began to grind her hips against Sumireko's face.

"There you go!" she said, pulling harder on Sumireko's hair. She pulled her hair the other direction, giving her a moment to gasp for breath, then smushed her face back against her.

She kept that rhythm of tugging and grinding as Sumireko felt a blissful numbness. She pushed her tongue between Sanae's lips, diving in to lick inside her before pulling out and running her tongue along her folds. Sanae started to speed up, giving Sumireko fewer chances to breathe. She began to kick her legs against the bed, panicking as Sanae smothered her. She grabbed handfuls of Sanae's thighs, trying to push her away to get some room, but instead she felt her hands sink against them and squeezed. Sanae pressed her weight down against her face as her walls gripped Sumireko's tongue.

Sanae trembled as she rode out the waves of her orgasm before finally letting go of Sumireko's hair, leaning away from her, and rolling over onto her back.

"Wow," Sanae giggled.

Sumireko whimpered. The rush of sex started to fade as she felt the sticky fluid all over her make her body start to cool down. She was about to fall asleep when Sanae sat up with a start.

"Oh, crap! I need to make dinner.”

She jumped out of bed, then wobbled on her shaky knees. She rummaged around for her normal clothes and threw them on, not bothering with so much as a "see you later" to Sumireko before she slipped out the door. Sumireko took a deep breath, splayed out on the cold, wet sheets of the bed, and blinked.

When she opened her eyes, it was night. She blinked again, feeling like she was waking up from a dream. Was she back home in the Outside World already? The sheets felt like her sheets, and they definitely weren't soaked through now, but she felt appropriately sore after that wild adventure. She let out a grunt and turned her head. She saw her familiar alarm clock, her familiar window, and another girl in bed with her.

Through the moonlight from the window, she could just barely make out her short, slender figure with long blonde hair. It was that girl from before, she remembered with a gasp, one of the women sitting at the table as she went inside with Sanae. The girl let out a giggle, her voice surprisingly mature and breathy for her size.

"I saw the whole thing," the girl whispered as she stroked her hand along Sumireko's thigh.

“Wha-hawa-awa-ha?” Sumireko said.

Sumireko realized her boxers were still off as the girl’s fingers stroked against the lips of her pussy.

“No wonder you were so pent-up, girl. You never learned how to get yourself off, let alone make someone else get off."

“Who — what — what?”

“I’m Suwako, mountain goddess of the Moriya shrine,” she giggled. “Now, just lie back and let me teach you a few tricks.”
You keep staring.

“When you say to ‘bother you,’ you mean that—”

“I mean, that's if you, uh, want to and, if you don't feel like it, then that's cool too. Yeah. Totally don't have to—and you shouldn't feel pressured to—do it. So—so...” Momiji's cheeks glow a bright shade of pink as she sinks further into her blanket. “I'm really digging myself a hole here, aren't I?”

“Should I stop you before or after you can't get yourself out?”

“I'm already a mile deep.” Momiji eases out of her blanket and sits up on her bed, though you can't accurately call it that. There's no base to elevate the mattress so she has to tilt her head up just to see you. And if that's not enough, there's no frame, headboard, or... anything, really. She just has her little floor mattress. “But like I said! No pressure. Nope. None at all.”

“Momiji,” you say, stopping her short from going full verbose. “I really hope you know what you implied when you wanted me to ‘bother you.’”

“I—I did.”

“Okay. But if you’re still a little confused, let me lay it out for you explicitly: I’m going to pick you up, carry you to my place, and put you in a compromising position on top of my bed.”

“You're going to, um, what now?”

“You heard what I said.” Your thoughts—and your eyes by consequence—drift to Momiji’s attire. She's wearing nothing but a black undershirt and a pair of white panties that fit on her waist a little too well. Her shirt leaves an extreme amount of skin bare, exposing way more Momiji than you anticipated. Jesus. Your already meager self-control is dwindling—if you really had any to begin with. “I'm going to pick you up now.”

“Y-Yeah. That's fine.”

“Alright.”

You proceed by throwing the blanket off Momiji. You then stare—maybe a little too long—at her before scooping her up into your arms. She’s blushing a furious red but you don’t care. Once you’ve fully secured your goods, you stand up.

“Gallagher,” says Momiji, desperately looking for something to grab onto. After much fumbling, she settles for your shoulders. “Remember how I said I dug myself into a hole earlier?”

“Yup.”

“It’s fine if you bury me there because I’m going to die of embarrassment now.”

“Better learn to deal with it.” With Momiji in your arms, you walk over to the door. Annnnnnd the damn thing is closed. Fuck. You move your right arm down to the knob and slide your elbow down its surface until you hear the click of the door latch. With a swift kick, the door flings open, albeit violently. You push it back shut with your heel on your way out. A strange feeling of accomplishment washes over you—even though all you did was open a damn door.

“What, you aren’t going to lock it for me?” Momiji asks, a hint of a smile forming across her lips.

“Oh, shut up. I have my hands full right now.” You apply the same elbow maneuver to your own door, but the knob refuses to budge a quarter of the way through. You try multiple attempts at opening it before you realize something very important: you locked the damn thing.

Grumbling, you have to put down Momiji and fish for your keys. They jingle as you thrust the right one into the keyhole. An irritating but also satisfying click unlocks the door. Swinging it open, you put your weight on it so the door doesn’t shut itself back closed.

You crouch down and extend your arms forward. “Alright, I’ve remedied the situation. Now get in my arms before the mood’s ruined.”

“Pffft. Pffthahaha. It’s too late though. You already killed it. But if you insist!” Momiji jumps eagerly into your arms and plants a quick kiss on your cheek before settling in comfortably. “And—Gallagher?”

“Yeah?”

She rubs your shoulders affectionately and starts nuzzling your neck. “I love you.”

“That’s unfortunate,” you say gruffly.

“I really, really love you. I love you so much. I love you, I love you. I want to be with you, I want to touch you, feel you, know more about you.” Momiji, aiming straight for your heart, lets a tiny smile inch up her face. “I want to have sex with you.”

“Well,” you sigh, letting the door shut as you enter the apartment. “I want to have sex with you too.”

“Then, um. Let’s.”

As promised, you take Momiji to your bedroom and lay her down gently on your comforter. She tilts her head slightly upward and lets her arms fall to the sheets. God damn. She looks so fucking defenseless. You bring a hand down to stroke her cheek, to which she responds with a smile and a nervous giggle.

“G-Go on,” Momiji mumbles, parting her legs. Her panties and inner thighs are exposed and you’re about half a second away from ravaging her.

You need a moment to clear your mind. Patience is a virtue. Yep. Deep breaths. “We don’t have to rush, Miji. It won’t feel good if we go straight into the sex.”

“Right! Right.” Momiji nods vehemently. “Of course. Yeah.”

“So. Miji. Could you sit up and turn the other way for me?”

“Mmm.” Momiji, blushing, complies, uprighting herself to face away.

“Good.” You seat yourself right behind her. Then, slipping a hand underneath her top, you roll her breasts, using the other to slide up her right thigh. You can’t help but grin when she shudders to your touch.

“Do you want me to do it softly? Or a bit rougher?”

“Softly, please,” she whines. “Softly is good.”

You cup her breast and give it a good squeeze as you massage her inner thigh, working Momiji into heavy breaths. When she stops stifling her moans, you move your hand from her arm to underneath her panties and touch her below.

That’s when she yelps. It’s a real good one, too.

“Eager?” you say.

“I’m pent up and horny,” Momiji huffs. “You can forgive me for that one, right?”

“I’ll do a whole lot more than forgive you.”

You start with the back of Momiji’s neck, planting a kiss on her nape. Then you move lower, stroking her rhythmically. You slide your fingers down her inner lips, rubbing against her slit. Every touch, every movement that you do gets Momiji a little more flustered.

“Do you feel good? Want me to do anything else?”

“Gallagher, I’m drenched. My panties are ruined—of course I feel good. So, uh, I’m fine. Do keep going.”

She doesn’t need to prompt you. Your fingers move to her clit and tease her mercilessly. When Momiji goes from stifled breathing to heavy panting, you figure that it’s okay to get a little rougher with her. You go down on her and kiss the inside of her thigh. Spreading her lips, you take your sweet time trailing your tongue along the length of her pussy. Momiji shudders a little, grabbing the sheets for support. You move to her clitoris and, gently, you taste her.

That’s when she lets loose a wild cry.

Everything stops for a moment; you just stare at the wolf tengu currently burying her face in her hands.

“Was that loud? Oh god. It was loud, wasn’t it?” Momiji sulks. “Shit, that’s embarrassing.”

“On the plus side, that scream did wonders for my self-esteem. Also, now I’m hard as diamonds so there’s that, too.”

“Oh. Uh. Really?” Momiji says, a sudden earnest look in her eyes. "Then show me. Wait! No. Let me do it.”

A quiet few seconds pass as she examines your state of attire, staring at it like she's trying to solve a puzzle. Then abruptly, she makes her move with a quick unbuckling of your pants. Before you realize it, she has your pants down and your penis out.

“Whoa.” Momiji looks to your member in awe. Chalk another one up for your self-esteem. “Did I do that?”

“You did.”

“I see.” She looks a little lost. “Should I... continue?”

“Please do.”

Momiji leans her head close to your shaft. Daintily, she prods your penis with her lips before kissing it with her mouth. And, as much as you hate to admit it, she’s shit at this. Momiji’s kinda bobbing your dick around her mouth like she’s brushing her teeth.

You give her your best pity smile.

Momiji pulls away, frowning. “It sucked, didn’t it?”

“You, uh, tried your best.”

“That’s not good enough for me, Gally. I want you to feel good, too.”

“I can appreciate the effort, but you’re sucking on my dick like you’re really digging into the bottom of a thick smoothie using a thin straw.”

“...Sorry. I’m no good at this. But, uh, don’t worry. I have a plan. Just—just give me a moment.” Momiji jumps off the bed and onto your desk chair, opening up Chrome incognito. She’s halfway through typing up “How to suck dick” before giving up and settling with Pornhub. Somehow, she finds an educational video on dick sucking and pulls it up fucking full-screen. She settles down into your chair and watches the video with careful scrutiny. “You don’t happen to have a paper and pen, do you?”

“Miji.” You join her, stroking her head gently.

“What?”

“You’re really cute.”

“Tell me something I don’t know already.”

You and Momiji watch the video for a good fifteen minutes. And, as a result, both you and Momiji re-enter this world as better dick suckers.

Reinvigorated with the power of pornography, Momiji ushers you onto your bed. “Okay. Now lie down. Let me impart some of this knowledge onto your penis.”

“I mean, if you insist.”

You move to the bed and recline back, letting Momiji have another go at it. She starts by stripping off her top and panties, exposing herself bare to you, and instantly, you're back to full mast. With a smirk, Momiji caresses your penis, lifting it straight up as she trails her hot tongue up the base of your shaft. Ffffuck. You can’t help but grunt a little when she does that.

“You’re a quick learner, aren’t you?” you say, voice a little weak.

“It’s already better, isn’t it?”

“Much.”

Momiji, looking absolutely delighted, returns to your member and sucks on the crown. She works her way down your penis, taking half of its length before stopping herself, closing her lips and gently bouncing her head up and down your dick. Her movement’s still clumsy, but it’s a fuck of a lot better than before. She rolls her tongue around your cock, and every time it reaches the underside of your dick—which is all the time—you can’t help but shiver.

You resist the urge to hold Momiji’s head down as she takes more of your cock with every bounce. Nearing your limit, you wince and rub her shoulder.

“...Miji.”

You think she gives you a smile but you honestly can’t tell because she’s a little preoccupied. Momiji brings a hand to the base of your penis and pumps what she can’t fit in her mouth—annnnd fuck, you’re edging. Unable to hold it in, you grit your teeth and release your hot load.

“Mmmf.” Momiji closes her eyes and dutifully accepts your seed, coaxing a little more out with lengthy strokes of her hand. She waits until you’re done shooting and then she swallows, a coy smile on her face the entire time.

“...You swallowed?”

“They did it in the video. I thought it’d be kinda cool to do it too. I don’t know, man. I just kinda let it happen.” Momiji shrugs. “It was okay, I guess. But more importantly... what’s next?”

You eye the girl. “What do you think?”

She stops to deliberate. Then, very carefully, she says, “I’ll go get the condoms.”

“It’s in the bottom drawer next to the closet.”

“Got it.” Momiji goes and fetches the condom with speed. Already, she’s wrestling with the wrapper, its top ripped halfway open. It’s very amateur, but it’s also really cute. You watch in amusement as she fumbles around, condom in hand. “I’ll put it on.”

“Sure.” You present her with your penis. There isn’t much else to say, other than the fact that you’re presenting her with your penis.

As eager as Momiji is, her hands are too jittery to put on the condom properly. She manages to flip it inside out. Well, she tried.

“...Here,” you say, gently taking the condom from her. “Let me do it, dummy.”

She sulks as you put it on trouble-free. “Gallagheeer.”

“What?”

“It kinda bothers me that you’re so much better than me at this.”

“I won’t do this with anybody but you.”

“Oh, no.” Momiji vehemently shakes her head. “That’s not what I meant. I didn’t mean I was, like, jealous or anything. I just meant... y’know. That I wanted to give and take, but you’re doing a whole lot of giving and I’m mostly doing the taking and I want you to feel good, too.” She looks down at the bed sheets. “So yeah. I’m sorry. I must be really unsexy right now, huh?”

“Momiji.” You take her shoulders and push her down onto the bed. Staring down at her, you lean in close. “I hope you realize what I want to do to you right now.”

“Um... what?” she asks, though she knows exactly what. You couldn’t be hiding it any less. But frankly, it’s about time she heard it from you.

”I want to fuck you silly.”

You put your hands on Momiji’s hips and grind your dick along her pussy. Her breath warms your cheek as you nibble on her ear. You’re aware that she is quickly nearing her patience, that she wants you to take her—and you plan on indulging her soon. But before you do, you move yourself just an inch above her face.

Momiji takes the hint and kisses you. She presses herself closer, wanting a second, then a third. You oblige her until after the fourth, fifth, and sixth. When she parts, her face is all flushed and, chances are, yours is too. Then the wolf tengu reaches down and spreads herself for you.

You gratify her by pushing your cock deep inside of her. She lets out a cry of delight before slapping a hand over her mouth.

“Are you okay, Momiji? It doesn’t hurt, right?”

“I’m fine, Gally. You got me, um, this wet, so...” Momiji does her wobbly smile. “You can be afford to be less gentle.”

“Okay.” You seal her lips with a kiss and thrust into her, pushing her body into your bed. Momiji lets out a fine cry as you keep pounding her, each movement reaching deeper inside. Her back raises slightly when you trail your hand down from her face to her modest chest and fondle her breasts. You let your other hand slip down her side and to her waist, grabbing her closer by the hip. You use your grip on Momiji to dig your cock into her greedily, a wave of pleasure hitting you at full force.

Momiji’s thighs quiver as you ram her. She dissolves into wolf putty, moaning as she goes along with your rhythm. You take this moment to run your hand down her smooth thighs, laying down a kiss on her neck as you do so. Settling for your shoulders, Momiji wraps her arms around you and pulls you in closer to kiss you.

You relinquish your hand from Momiji’s chest and move both hands to her hips. Then, slamming her as deep as you can, you keep a steady motion, careful not to thrust into her too violently. You want her to feel good. You don’t want to ruin it by being too reckless with her.

Then she locks her legs around your waist and—fuck, that’s actually hot. Rational thought goes flying out the window as you increase the tempo. Momiji trembles with pleasure, eagerly accepting you deeper inside her. The sounds of her moaning makes you feverish—you’re blindsided when an immense feeling of wanting to cum inside her hits you. You have to remind yourself that you’re wearing a condom and it doesn’t really matter but primordial desire doesn’t give two shits about reason.

You bend over to hug her, caressing her smooth skin all over. It’s easy to tell that she’s enjoying it with the way she’s gasping every time your fingers make contact with her. You’re nearing; you struggle to make coherent thoughts with each successive thrust.

“Miji, I’m coming soon,” you pant.

“W-When?”

“Like right now.”

You ram your cock into Momiji as deep as you can and let out your seed. You’re almost disappointed when you realize that you have a condom on but that’s just your instincts talking again.

It’s a blissful feeling, being intertwined with her. You let loose a slow breath as you pull out. It takes another couple of seconds before you can think again.

Mind still in a daze, you dispose of the condom. And then, you think.

You think of many things. You think of how her scarlet eyes glimmer when you make eye contact with her, how her naked body is so modest and yet so pleasant to touch. You think about kissing her, about touching her again. You think of her smile, her laugh, her drunken waltz after a night of alcohol, and everything in between.

You think about all of Momiji as you return to her side.

When you slide back into bed, Momiji smiles, and it is radiant. You can’t help but smile too because, even though she’s an idiot and you’re a double idiot, even though you have a hard time voicing it out loud, you appreciate her company—or maybe a little more than just that.

Momiji reaches out for your hand—you grab it and interlock your fingers with hers. She just stares, asking for something with her eyes. It’s pretty obvious what she wants.

‘More.’

“Should I get another?” you ask.

Momiji nods slowly, honest but red-faced. “...Yeah.”
Your care and concern for “dick” brought you a delicious victory.

The words stick in your head as you wake up, resonating with the sort of mystical importance you only find in dreams. For once, no other college morning sounds compete with them – no ringing, beeping, vibrating, stomping, moaning, singing, swearing, knocking…

“Mmmph…”

Oh, but you’re getting a blowjob. It’s still pretty dark, but you can just make out some movement if you shake your pink bangs to the side and squint. Someone under the covers is bobbing up and down, gently sucking your cock as it hardens in her mouth. You consider pulling off the blanket to see who it is, but you don’t feel like moving any limbs yet.

Instead, you glance around in the twilit room for clues. It’s a double with a downward-slanting ceiling, two sewing machines, and extra racks of clothing outside the stuffed closets, so that narrows it down to Alice or Hina. You’re in the right-side bed, but you forget whose that is… they share so often, especially when you visit. The other bed is empty, too.

“Mmm… mmm…”

The blankets muffle her voice too much to recognize. Maybe you can figure out who she is from her technique? She’s taking it nice and slow with your cock, letting her soft lips creep up one centimeter at a time and sucking in slow, loving pulses. Her tongue just lovingly slides up and down your shaft, painting the underside with one warm coat of saliva after another. When she reaches the tip, she pauses to focus purely on sucking out your precum and smothering your glans with affection for the better part of a minute. One of her warm, tender hands softly massages your balls, mostly just to feel their size; you were busy all week, so they’ve gotten pretty big. It feels really good…

…

… Oh, you were trying to figure out who’s doing it. Maybe it’s whoever you didn’t do it with last night? Let’s see… you came straight to this dorm after you finished your test, and Hina was trying on the outfit from Chen’s latest single, so you folded her in half and – it’s Alice. But no, wait, then Alice came in and started cleaning you off, and you were still horny so you made her deepthroat you. Then Hina got back up, and you ended up sandwiched between them…

Ah, forget it.

The girl under the covers has most of your cock in her mouth, rubbing it against the inside of her cheek while she sucks on it. The rest of your length is thrust in as well when you sit up and throw off the covers, prompting her to tighten up all over it.

“Mgh!?”

Lying on her stomach between your legs, lips and throat wrapped tight around your shaft, is Hina Kagiyama. Her usual hairdo is still undone from last night, leaving her green hair flowing down past her pale shoulders and over her curvy sides. Her emerald eyes shoot up towards you, but you’ve already glanced away.

“Morning, Hina.”

“Mhng,” she replies, once she’s pulled back a few inches. You don’t make any more moves, so she goes back to sucking you off. It’s a little more forceful this time, with her head bouncing at a faster but still laid-back tempo.

Now that you see it clearly, it makes more sense that Hina was the one. Alice’s breasts would get in the way in flat-on-the-bed position like that; she probably would’ve given you a titfuck instead, the way Ran likes to do. Hina has most of her width focused below her narrow waist, with an eyecatching set of hips that fill out any skirt or dress she makes. There’s nothing covering her plump, perky ass right now, so you’re free to watch its faint tensing and jiggling while she moans around your cock. Her hands both grip your thighs for support as she speeds up even more; she keeps her thumbnails short, but the others dig in a bit painfully, their green polish shining dully in the steadily-growing light.

You can hear her wet pink lips sliding up and down now, along with a messy suction whenever she tightens her cheeks. Her lips don’t stop clinging to you for a second, keeping your penis sealed inside her sweltering mouth. Whenever your tip the reaches her throat, her loving moans vibrate gently through your cock... and the same goes for when she focuses entirely on the tip. After a few minutes of that, you grip the sheets tightly and feel a blush come on as your balls start to churn.

“I’m gonna cum, Hina.”

At the edge of your vision, you see Hina’s eyes light up. She pauses for a moment to breathe in deep, then thrusts her head down to take in your whole cock. Having the full length engulfed in her hot, wet mouth sends you over the edge and makes your penis throb uncontrollably, but Hina isn’t done. She fits in another two quick, tight, throat-deep plunges before your semen starts to shoot out, leaving you moaning and writhing on your back as you empty out in long, thick bursts.

“Mmmm!” Hina moans in delight at the taste of your cum, pulling back to the tip and letting it coat every inch of her mouth. You’re too busy arching your back to look at her, but you feel her lips tighten up every time she swallows another mouthful. There’s no counting the waves of pleasure that roll through your cock and into your shuddering body, but you’re pretty sure she swallows three or four times before you finally finish.

It’s hard to move after an orgasm, especially one so early in the morning. You lie flat and limp on the bed while Hina crawls up to kiss you on the cheek, tenderly wrapping her arms around you. She feels nice and warm against you, and she smells like fabric softener.

On instinct, you reach down and grab a plush handful of her butt. You can move that much.

“Ah~! Good morning, Kokoro.”

“Hello.”

“You don’t have any classes today, right?”

Um…

“… Not until three.”

“Ah, too bad for Alice then. She won’t be back for a whole two hours~” Hina hugs you tighter, wrapping her long legs around one of your own. You squeeze her ass a little harder.

… a delicious victory.
It was a small miracle that the doors stayed on their hinges when a blast of danmaku blew Nue into the Hakurei Shrine's altar room. They scarcely had time to swing shut before a second figure knocked them apart: a tall, green-haired spirit-woman, clothed in a pointed hat and flowing blue robes. Casting her staff onto the floor, she spread her arms wide and charged the black-haired youkai straight on.

"Gotcha!"

Nue was suddenly caught from behind and tackled roughly to the ground, skidding a few feet over the floorboards. As soon as they came to a stop, Mima promptly resumed what she'd been doing before Nue attacked her - namely, grinding her large, soft chest against Nue's firm back, and nibbling the youkai's cute ear. Even with half of her ghostly body missing, Mima's soft weight was considerable; it took a good deal of grunting and struggling before the trembling Nue could throw her off and scramble away.

"C'mon, gorgeous, don't you wanna have a good time?" Mima called out.

"No! Go away!"

Not that Nue managed to get that far. Unlike the youkai, who was gasping for air and staggering towards the door, Mima was still as energetic and willful as the first time she grabbed Nue's ass. It helped that didn't have any legs at the moment; instead of wasting time untangling her limbs and getting up, Mima simply floated back upright and seized Nue's wrists from behind.

"You crazy witch! Get off me, I was just trying to deliver a message!" Nue shouted, struggling furiously. Despite all of the angry bluster, however, Mima couldn't take her captive seriously. The kid was just too cute; the black dress that hugged Nue's body was tight and skimpy, and just barely long enough to cover the youkai's plump, gyrating ass from view. The matching stockings were nice and taut on long, smooth legs, and even without a garter belt they did a perfect job of highlighting Nue's femininity. It contrasted quite well with how vicious Mima's prey was being. There wasn't any chance of overpowering Mima's magically-enhanced grip, but that didn't stop Nue from struggling against Mima's ghostly body. It wouldn't stop until Mima made it stop... so she tugged Nue's wrists back and stopped it, with a simple spell and a ringing click.

The sudden sound was loud and sharp, and even Nue froze once Mima pulled away from the magical handcuffs she'd just attached. The cuffs looked deceptively simple, made out of a dull, faintly-glowing blue steel, but not even a youkai could break them. The evil spirit stepped back a bit, all the better to watch Nue squirm against the wall and the handcuffs, before turning her captive around.

"C'mon, try and see things my way. I'm stuck hauntin' this old junk heap here, and Reimu sure ain't about to put out. It's not every day someone wanders in while no one's around..." Mima floated in closer, appraising Nue's face with a wide grin. The spirit's green eyes glowed bright with dangerous excitement, and Nue trembled lightly just trying to stand up to their intensity... but it was no more comfortable when Mima's eyes trailed downwards. Her gaze was almost tactile as it flowed down Nue's flat chest and wide, soft hips, lingering on the strip of pale skin between the dress and stockings. A teasingly sweet scent surrounded her well-endowed form, making Nue shiver with each breath. "... And even rarer to find such a cutie. Don't you worry, you're gonna get the VIP treatment~" Mima extended an arm to the side, drawing Nue's eyes to the pointed tips of her long, emerald-green nails. With a loud snap of her slender fingers, the spirit's body suddenly flashed a bright white.

"Agh!" Nue was forced to squint and turn away from the brilliant glow as Mima's soft moans filled the room. When the light finally subsided...

"Mmm, now we're talkin'." Mima stood proudly with her hands on her hips and her chest pushed out, dressed in an outfit that made Nue's short dress and stockings look like a winter coat. Her tall, peaked cap remained perched atop her head, but the rest had changed completely.

A short blue mantle around Mima's shoulders was all that remained of her long, flowing robe. The large, heavy breasts that her dress had teasingly outlined were now completely out in the open, with only a tiny micro-bikini to cover them. Pink areolae peeked around the tiny triangles of star-adorned fabric, which were pulled taut enough to clearly reveal the shape of her round, hard nipples. The straps were clearly too short for her as well, nearly invisible as they sunk liberally into the heaving plush of her chest. Her smooth, toned stomach was bare beneath that, with its hourglass curve shamelessly flaunted.

MIma was clearly fit, but stopped short of showing any obvious muscle. Her mound of Venus was well-defined, contrasting sharply with the motherly swell of her hips. Only its nadir was hidden, covered by a two-inch-long blue skirt. That flimsy garment was easily lifted away by Mima's huge, throbbing cock, revealing the thin blue G-string that barely covered her pussy. A blue garter was tied around one of her thighs, squeezing the meaty flesh ever so slightly, but nothing else to covered her long, supple legs - not until her feet, where two sets of blue straps crisscrossed her shins to secure a pair of blue sandals. A small yellow bow was tied over each of her firm calves, barely sinking into the dense muscle...

Wait, she had a cock?

Nue's eyes shot back up to the woman's crotch. Sure enough, a massive shaft stood erect, with a heavy pair of balls hanging just over the rim of the woman's underwear. Nue hadn't even processed it at first - nobody would expect such a bombshell to have something like that - but there it was, throbbing and leaking precum right before the youkai's eyes.

"Hey, my breasts are up here, you know."

Nue's head rocketed back up, cheeks quickly flushing with embarrassment... but now it was Mima who was glancing down, grinning wickedly at the young youkai's crotch.

"Ohh, I see. You've got one too, huh? No wonder you were interested."

"N-no, I'm not a-!" Nue protested.

"C'mon, there's no hiding that thing." Mima leaned in, making her breasts nearly engulf her undersized bikini, and flipped up the youkai's skirt with a small flick of her wrist. Sure enough, there was a cock under there as well, though it only looked to be half the size of Mima's. It was shorter and thinner several degrees, and it lacked the intense hardness that left Mima's glans and veins bulging with arousal. A thin trickle of precum had reached down to the youkai's round scrotum, though it paled in comparison to the steady flow that poured down Mima's burly shaft and clearly-defined balls. Even the woman's pheromones were stronger; the smell of precum mixed with Mima's thick, womanly musk and left Nue's knees shaking.

"Pretty impressive for a kid your age. You're gonna drive all the girls crazy when you're older." Mima smiled as she took a closer look at Nue's cock. Just cradling the shaft in her hand was enough to force weak moans past Nue's lips, and even Nue's thin precum coated Mima's palm in seconds. It wasn't completely erect quite yet, but a few kisses, or even just some extra stroking, would be more than enough to coax Nue to play along.

Mima began with a gentle squeeze, prodding her hard nails across her captive's delicate shaft, but she stopped when she noticed where Nue's eyes were focused. "Oh? My, are you jealous?" Even though Mima had put her proud, luscious breasts on full display, held in place by the thinnest, flimsiest fabric Nue had ever seen, the youkai's gaze was completely focused on the spirit's thicker, harder cock.

"...What? Wait, no, I'm just-!"

"Hey, I understand. Even if you have one of your own, mine is pretty gorgeous." Mima's laughter was as rich and smooth as the rest of her, as she finally let go of Nue's cock to grab her own. Despite the constant denials, Nue seemed incapable of looking away from the witch's throbbing, sculpted length. The rich precum that flowed from Mima's tip had left a thick glaze all over her veined cock, outlining each delicate contour as Mima gave herself a few teasing strokes. Her bright green nails were quickly painted over with cloudy liquid... and then thrust into the youkai's inviting pink mouth.

"Mmmm-mmmh!?" Instinct beat reason to the punch, and Nue couldn't resist moaning at the hot, gooey taste of Mima's arousal. Nue couldn't keep from swallowing, either... and the slow gulps left Mima smiling wider than ever. The witch didn't even give her partner a chance to yelp before she thrust her hips forward to grind against Nue's girlish form. The poor youkai was sandwiched between the shrine's thick wooden walls and Mima's soft body, with no way to get any sort of leverage. All struggling did was grind their hips, and their cocks, together.

Mima was moaning into Nue's ear now, and not a single bit of it was exaggerated. She could feel Nue's cock throbbing against her, radiating a sticky heat that was only enhanced by their mixed precum. Their hard cocks were both terribly sensitive, and the hot friction of their shafts rubbing against another sent sparks of pleasure up their spines. She could feel Nue panting against her neck, even leaning onto her shoulder for support - if it wasn't for the wall and Mima herself, Nue would have slid right down.

That was easily fixed; all Mima needed to do was slide her hands down from the wall and cup Nue's thick, juicy cheeks. The witch chuckled with approval as she felt her fingers sink into Nue's meaty ass, and the first few experimental gropes were rewarded with even more moans from the virgin youkai. Just a few firm squeezes was enough to force Nue to tense up - and throb harder than ever, pushing Mima's cock back a tiny bit. The floor between their legs was slick with hot, dripping juices, and even the hems of their clothing were stained with errant trails of fluid.

Soon enough, Nue had stopped randomly flailing, and instead began to push back in time with Mima's own bucking. The extra pressure had Mima happily moaning, and Nue's pitiful whimpers were becoming sharper and needier with every desperate thrust. The sticky slapping of their cocks and thighs was enough to desecrate any holy place, let alone the small altar room they were in, and as the fragrant, burning musk of sex filled the air, Mima stole Nue's lips, and had a taste of herself in the process.

"Mmmm... Mm?" Mima's predatory moaning halted just seconds into the kiss. There wasn't any fault with Nue's mouth - it was just as soft and warm as expected - but something was amiss with the youkai's chest. They were pressed together there as well now, and Mima had expected to feel a petite, sensitive pair of breasts flattening beneath the weight of her massive chest...

"Waaait a minute."

Mima slid a hand down past the bottom of Nue's plump ass, reaching between the youkai's legs... where there was no pussy to be found. Nue seized up almost completely, looking on in terror as a wide smirk formed on Mima's face.

"Ahaa, so that's your game."

"Th-th-that's..."

"Just dressin' like a girl to fit in, huh?"

"That's right, so let me go!" Nue shouted, his face redder than ever. He grunted and started to struggle again, but the bombshell had no intention of releasing him.

"Well, I would, but..." Mima nodded downwards. The one part of Nue that hadn't seized up was his hips - and those were still gently moving, seemingly against his will, continuing to grind his hard length into the spirit's thick, meaty shaft. Mima pushed her hips forward in a long, rolling grind, forcing a high-pitched moan from Nue as his cock was pressed back into his stomach. "... You seem to be enjoying this an awful lot."

"Nngh... A-anyone would, if a girl--!"

"Alright, alright, I got it. You're a boy, so I'll treat you like one."

Nue's cock drew a thin line of precum over Mima's skin as she descended to her knees. She didn't need to adjust her tiny bikini for him; his cock simply slipped between her huge, plushy breasts, disappearing from view completely when she pressed her chest forward. The tips of her breasts flattened readily against Nue's smooth, pale skin - but that compression was transmitted straight to his cock when she hugged her arms around both her breasts and his hips, crushing his shaft from every angle with dense, doughy pressure.

"Ahhh!"

Mima heard a small clank as Nue's back arched, his spasming arms pulling the cuffs taut. His cock clenched and twitched forcefully between her breasts, and a small dribble of precum leaked out of her squished cleavage. Wrapped and molded so tightly around him, her breasts could feel every detail of his throbbing length, every little vein pulsing with heat as he hardened even further. At the same time, hugging his waist had put her hands over his wide ass once again - and she wasted no time tightly closing her fingers, driving a second tremor through his body when she mauled those plump, sensitive cheeks.

"Sheesh. Even when I have your cock between my tits, it's still hard to believe you're a boy." Mima smirked up at her captive, winking as his hips weakly twitched. Any sort of movement at all stimulated his cock from base to tip, making it clench up deliciously as he moaned in a faint, girlish voice.

Hugging tightly against the boy, Mima began to teasingly slide her chest up and down. Nue's precum may not have matched the sheer amount that dripped to the floor from Mima's tip, but there was enough to thoroughly lubricate a cock his size. Soon, the fluid was leaking out of Mima's cleavage as well, smearing his waist and adding a lewd squishing sound to the spirit's titfuck. His penis stayed completely enveloped whether she loosened or tightened her grip, the only difference being whether she lovingly cradled or forcefully crushed him with her huge, pillowy bust.

"I mean, I can't even lick the tip while I'm doin' this."

Mima constantly varied the strength of her squeezes, for both Nue's cock and his ass, but she never slowed down one bit. Nue's voice only climbed higher and higher as her titfuck intensified, his moans and pleas becoming increasingly slurred. If he ever tried to pull his hips back, Mima only had to give his ass another sharp, lustful squeeze to cage him in her chest once again. Her kneading and stroking came faster and faster, the luxurious pressure of her warm, soft chest turning Nue's legs to jelly.

"Aaahh... I'm, I'm gonna--!" Nue exclaimed, his back arching and his head tilting back.

"Oh, no you don't." Mima twirled her finger in a tight, quick circle, conjuring a small cloud of blue sparks in the air. They followed her finger as she brought it beneath her chest - and when she tapped the base of Nue's cock with a nailtip, the sparks surrounded it and solidified.

"Ahh-Hiiih?!" Just as Nue's first shot was about to burst out, a steel ring formed and tighened around his cock. It was made of the same material as the cuffs Mima had put on him - and by the same token, it was just as unbreakable. His red eyes shot wide open as his jaw squeezed shut, and he nearly doubled over as his cock was wracked with painful, yet intoxicating tension.

"Wh-huh? Why...?"

"Please, you got 'one and done' written all over you. I can't let you blow until I've had my fill."
 With the cockring squeezing tight on Nue's thick shaft, there was no way he'd be able to cum properly. And with his shaft still buried in her chest, he was beginning to beg, his sweet girlish voice echoing in the room as he helplessly bucked his hips. Mima couldn't keep her eyes off him, not when the poor thing was so delightfully plaintive. Feeling his cock throb with need only made her own harder than ever, and even the green-haired witch had the urge to rub their shafts together again and see just how much he'd grown...

But the throbbing of Mima's cock was wracking her whole body, and Nue's beauty demanded a proper fucking. With a snap of her fingers, Mima summoned a plain plastic bottle into existence; the sound, alongside the faint creaking of wooden boards, was Nue's only warning before his tormentor jumped to her feet and grabbed him by the arms. Nue couldn't possibly hope to fight back; his body was limp with pleasure as Mima bent him over the shrine's empty altar.

"Reimu probably wouldn't like me doing this here," Mima mused, as she caught the taut hem of Nue's dress with her polished nails. "But you don't mind, do you?" Not that she waited for a response - instead, she simply began to drag the youkai's clothing up his slender back, running her sharpened nails up his spine and revealing his soft, plump ass in the process. It was gorgeously pale from top to bottom, and as smooth as any girl's. With the child-rearing hips framing his peachy cleavage, and the high pitched whimpers leaving Nue's throat, he was the perfect picture of an innocent little girl... except for the hot, aching cock pointed downbetween his legs, and the hefty pair of balls cradled between his soft thighs.

With one orgasm skillfully deferred, Nue's shaft was starting to look genuinely presentable. The richly colored blue of the ring stood out in contrast to Nue's porcelain skin, and as time passed his cock would only get thicker and harder. Nue himself was shaking now, the mix of fear, pleasure, and frustration leaving him completely powerless. All he could do was whimper... and shriek, as something cold as ice splattered onto his ass.

Mima was rewarded with a few more squeals whenever she squeezed her plastic bottle, sending shot after shot of thick, slick lube onto Nue's sensitive cheeks. Gravity took care of the rest; thick trails of lube were soon running down the curve of Nue's ass, leaving his skin gleaming in the dim light. There was more work to be done for proper anal, but Mima didn't mind the preperation. Not when it meant grabbing Nue's delicate hips and thrusting her cock between his cheeks.

Mima's cock was practically radiating warmth, and Nue couldn't stop himself from clenching his ass around it. Compared to the ice cold lube, that hot, thick cock felt like heaven, and the poor boy's shrieks soon turned into moans as Mima began to thrust.

"You're just a little degenerate, ain'tcha? Boys shouldn't feel good from havin' a cock press into their butt, you know..." Mima never stopped teasing him as she lubed up his ass, and she did more than simply thrust between his cheeks. With her hands dug so possessively into his ass, it was child's play to spread him, revealing both his deep cleavage and the tight, puckering rosebud hidden away. Underneath her fingers, she could feel Nue trying and failing to clench his body, fighting against her grip with all of his might.

It was adorable and annoying in equal measure. Struggling was all well and good, but she needed him to relax if they were going to get anywhere. A number of options came to mind, both magical and mundane, but only one fit the mood perfectly.

"Sorry, kid, but if you're not gonna calm down...~"

Instead of hypnotizing Nue with her magic, or using another potion to relax his muscles, Mima used the oldest trick in the book. She reared back her hand, and with one quick swing, spanked Nue hard on the ass.

"Eeeeek!" The boy' arched his back and yelped... which only encouraged his tormentor. As Mima continued to abuse her boytoy, she alternated between his cheeks, making sure to switch so that Nue wouldn't go numb from the repeated smacks. Soon, his pale ass was decorated with red palmprints all over, and even a gentle, soothing massage from the spirit's lube-soaked hands left Nue writhing and exhausted. He was too tired to fight back; tensing up even the slightest bit was agonizing, and all of Nue's dwindling energy was focused on getting more air into his lungs. All of his cries had left his throat parched and hoarse - even his whimpers were faint, and Mima could only hear them if she strained her ears.

But now, Nue's ass was more malleable than ever, and Mima started to soothe the pain with soft, loving gropes while her tip prodded into Nue's virgin entrance. The witch's cock was covered in lube, but even then Nue's ass was wonderfully tight. Mima could barely get her tip in before she needed to pull out, but just the smallest taste of the boy's softness and heat was enough to urge Mima on. She assaulted his cheeks with deep, lascivious squeezes, forcing bountiful amounts of the boy's soft pink flesh to bulge between her fingers.

Soon, her tip spent more time inside Nue than out. The constant, teasing stimulation was too much to handle, and soon even the tight rim of Nue's virgin ass was forced to relax to the point where Mima could fill him whenever she wanted. That was just the beginning for Mima, but it seemed that all the groping and teasing has taken its toll on the boy.

"Ahh, no... I'm... I'm...!"

It took Mima only a moment to grab Nue's wrists and pull them back. Before Nue could finish his sentence, he was interrupted by Mima's bitchbreaker cock spearing deep into his ass - and instead he screamed, as Mima's cock stretched his lubed walls to their limit, and his own cock throbbed against the ring's merciless tightness. It left Nue spasming all over, and he could hear Mima blisffully groan as his tight walls squeezed and milked her massive shaft.

Even when the pressure around his cock began to peter out, Nue couldn't help but pant and squirm from Mima's embrace. He could feel her still throbbing inside him, scraping his walls and molding him to the shape of her cock in the process. His pillowy, spanked cheeks were just as sensitive too, and feeling the weight of Mima's womanly hips as they pressed against him left him moaning like a virgin girl.

"Oh, did you cum?" Mima asked, letting go of Nue's left hand to reach around to the front. Nue was so dazed that he let his hand go limp, but feeling Mima's slick fingers cradling his balls left the boy whimpering and shaking his hips once again. Of course, without anything to push off of, all Nue did was pleasure Mima's cock more, sliding it in and out of his ass as he tried to buck himself off the thick, powerful length.

It would take far more to get Mima to cum, but that didn't make Nue any less enjoyable. Even though most of his attention was on the thick throbbing buried inside his plump ass, Nue was still able to balance on tiptoes to support his own weight. Without it, he'd be completely impaled on Mima's monstrous shaft, turned into the witch's personal buttslut...and as the thought entered his head, Nue felt a sick pleasure surge through his ass and length.

By now, Nue's precum had started to dry, and it was only Mima's lubed fingers that kept Nue hard and slick. She didn't even move her hips to pull out or thrust deeper inside - instead, she stood completely still, and gently tortured Nue's manhood with gleaming fingers and richly colored nails. It was just a matter of time before Nue began to do all the work for the futanari... and sure enough, the pretty boy began to rock back and forth on the balls of his feet, thrusting his abused cock into Mima's hand - and helping her thicker, manlier cock pound his yielding ass in the process.

Once Nue began to surrender, Mima gripped his hips and began to fuck his soft, pillowy bottom harder in earnest. She was supposed to be a magician, but she had plenty of strength to call on - enough to pull back and slam into Nue's asshole again and again, no matter how tightly it squeezed against her cock. The pressure around her penis never let up, but the tension elsewhere in Nue's body did; whether he liked it or not, the pleasure was steadily taming him.

"Say..." Mima leaned in and whispered into Nue's ear, still slowly thrusting. "...I hear that boys have a weak spot in their ass. Would you happen to know anything about that~?"

"E-eh?"

Mima had already figured by watching Nue's reactions - he tightened up and moaned especially hard when her thick shaft ground over a certain part of his asshole, just behind his cock. She'd been going easy on it so far, but now...

"I think it's supposed to be... right around... here!" Mima declared, slamming her cock in once again. Her engorged tip struck right into Nue's prostate, and the full meaty length of her cock ground over it right after. She could just picture Nue's eyes rolling up as he threw his head back and shrieked, his girlish muscles tightening all over before going limp. It sent a thrill running throughout Mima's entire body - that single thrust left Nue's cock so much harder than any of her stroking had ever managed.

"Ah, you held on," Mima whispered, slowly pulling back out. Nue almost smiled, until he realized that Mima's cock was lined up in the exact same way. "But, I bet if I did it again..."

"Aaaah!"

Nue's entire body clenched up as Mima ravished his prostate again, putting an intense amount of pressure on Mima's cock - but still failing to budge it. Mima felt the convulsions that wracked his curvy form, and saw the mad twitching of his cock as it struggled to get a load past the magically-tightened seal. It was just as futile as the last few times, though, and Nue was left with an unberable ache in his cock and balls once again.

"Mmm... If you're tryin' to make me lose interest in you, you're doin' an awful poor job~" Mima reached down and grabbed the backs of the youkai's knees, then yanked him off the ground in a simple motion. Nue's head landed softly between Mima's soft, cozy breasts as his feet left the floor, putting his full weight atop the spirit's hard, thick cock.

Now, Mima worked both her arms and hips to work, pulling her cock out while lifting Nue off before thrusting and dropping him at once. The resulting impact made both of them cry out, Nue's body tightening with incredible force before going slack once again. "Stop it! Stoppit! Lemme go!" he wailed.

"Heh." Mima paused her movements for a moment, leaving herself buried inside Nue as she nipped his ear. "Didn't you notice? I took the cuffs off a while ago."

"Ah?!" Nue wrenched his arms in disbelief - and sure enough, they swung out in front of him.

"Well, go on. If you hate it so much, get away!" Mima laughed, pulling out just slowly enough to make Nue shiver from head to toe. The youkai's eyes flashed with anger, and he raised his fists to push her off - but the moment she slammed back into his tight, sensitive ass, his arms fell limp at his sides. His angry growl turned into a submissive moan - and try as he might, he couldn't muster any strength, not when the pleasure mercilessly assaulted him. "Thought so~"

With that, the rambunctious youkai was tamed at last. Mima laid back down on the floor and hugged her arms around Nue's hourglass waist, making herself a full-body pillow for the cute boy atop her. She could still thrust just fine from below in this position, and Nue was free to buck his hips as well - which he did with shameless enthusiasm, driving Mima's massive cock deeper and deeper into his ass.

Even if he'd given in, the pleasure was still too much for Nue to handle. A single thrust over his prostate brought him near to the edge, and his thoroughly-lubed ass had been stretched wide enough for Mima to pound it with impunity. While the boy was wracked by one orgasm after another, Mima savored the slowly-rising pressure in her cock as Nue's hot, tight walls massaged her. After so many failed orgasms, Nue's balls were nearly the size of Mima's; both sets bounced with each loud smack of their hips, easily matching the forceful twitching and shuddering of Nue's bound cock. Mima could have stroked his penis while they fucked, but there wasn't any need - not when simply scratching his frenulum could drive him right to the edge. Even a girl's clitoris wasn't that sensitive, and Mima couldn't torment and frustrate any girl quite like this...

"Oh, I'm gonna get addicted~"

"Ah?" Nue moaned weakly.

Mima chuckled in reply, bouncing her pillowy chest around Nue's head. "Oh, nothing. I think I'm gonna cum now."

That made the youkai bolt back to awareness. "Eh? I-inside...?!"

"Well, obviously. You'll take care of the outside." Mima reached down and tapped the ring around Nue's cock... and just like that, it vanished. The boy hissed and clenched up instantly, treating Mima to a heavenly tightness for her to thrust against as she went over the edge at last...

"Hyahhhhhhn!" Nue cried out and arched his back, shooting out the thickest ribbon of seed he'd ever released - one that splattered right onto his face and chest with a hot, messy splash. Then he felt the Mima's thick length seize up as well, and an even larger, thicker burst of hot, sticky cum exploded deep inside him.

"Mmmmn!" Mima moaned in pure delight as her own orgasm took over. Nue's body tightened with every shot he let out, massaging Mima with an intensity that she'd never felt from any girl. No matter how much she let out, Nue's tight walls kept squeezing down on her sensitive shaft and milking out even more. His body was coated in seed by the time his backed-up balls had finally emptied, and Mima's cum was leaking out in thick streams, trailing down the curve of her cock in the process.

Finally, after a dozen oversized spurts of cum and several minutes of blissful afterglow, Mima rolled over and pulled out her softened length. The boy's asshole was left gaping open, cum pouring out onto the floorboards, and his cock was completely limp. The deep red handprints still hadn't left his pale cheeks, completing the image of his defeat as he lie on the ground with his ass in the air.

"Phew... Wow, that was a great fuck. You're gonna have to come by more often, kid~" After she'd taken her time enjoying the sight, Mima pulled the dazed boy into her arms. Nue's dress had been ruined with lrage, thick cum-stains, but Mima was hardly wearing anything at all. She barely minded the gooey warmth as their bodies pressed together, nestling Nue's head between her large, soft breasts. Even though he'd just been violated so thoroughly, Nue couldn't keep from nuzzling into Mima's warm, soft figure.

But then, the quiet was suddenly shattered by the sound of a door slamming open.

"Mima! What in the hell do you think you're doing!?" a new voice shrieked. Mima and Nue both looked over to see Reimu standing in the doorway, her knuckles white as she gripped the doorframe in one hand and her gohei in the other.

"Uh-oh."

She opens the door to their home, and without a moment lost, I take her lips. The kiss, chaste and light. It is how she prefers to start. The more unsightly acts will come later.

“Kaguya.” She whispers before we come together again. I cannot quite identify any emotion from her one utterance.

Fujiwara no Mokou. I have seen much in this endless life. I have experienced many types of pains and pleasures. It is not as though I do not know of this particular happening.

How it feels to betray one’s love.

Mokou kisses me several times, retreating and advancing, closing and opening her eyes. Though receptive of her ministrations, I simply wait for her to stop. If I have learned to tolerate one thing, it is that Mokou seems to enjoy acting as though we were truly lovers. Perhaps the thrill is that much greater for her? I admit I find the rush in my chest a source of delight. Mokou casts her gaze over my shoulder.

“Is she…?”

I flick my eyes behind me, though I cannot see Eirin. It is a literal question, not one of confirmation.

“Yes.” I answer. “Is something the matter?”

Perhaps I finally introduce something Mokou will not perform. She knows well that Eirin and I share a mutual relationship. I told her so after one of our sessions. Well. If that is the case….

“Eirin.” I prompt as I expected. “You are not upset by this, are you?”

Eirin walks beside me and places a kiss on my cheek.

“Not at all.”

Mokou swallows. She’s excited. I will assume that to be the case.

“Show us in.” I remove my sandals, waiting for Eirin to do the same.

I believe Mokou utters “follow me” while she takes us to her…their, room. I sit just outside of the room and remove my socks. Eirin does as well.

“So…How are we going to—?”

Mokou does not finish speaking before I walk in front of her and place another kiss on her lips. I insert my tongue, running it over hers.

Eirin’s hands roam over and into Mokou’s clothes, grabbing her breasts as she nibbles on one of her ears. Mokou releases a pitiful moan as her legs give way. As she falls to her knees, I give Mokou a moment to catch her breath.

“Why do you even ask? Do you think us unfamiliar to the pleasures of the flesh?”

“No, I…Rrrgh….” Mokou falls back into Eirin’s embrace as her words are forgotten.

I observe as Eirin’s fingers massage Mokou under her clothes, pinching and circling her nipples. Eirin takes her lips when the girl turns her head. From the small gap between their mouths, Mokou hesitates before allowing their tongues to meet. At the edge of the bed, I shift my legs on top of the blanket to approach Mokou. I take both of her legs and raise one to undo the lower half of her clothes while Eirin removes her share above.

“Have you two done anything after last time?”

Assuming Mokou to know of what I speak, I say these words before planting a kiss on the inner of her bare thigh. She winces and groans as Eirin’s teeth graze her neck.

“We…we have….”

“How many?”

“Once….”

“Mmm.”

Her skin is rough, and I can taste a hint of tea leaves. Made by that girl, no doubt. Eirin’s fingers mesh into the small mounds that are Mokou’s chest. With a look at Eirin, I pull Mokou closer to her sleeping place so that I am almost sitting on a pillow. I always wonder which of the two has slept on it last when she invites me here.

Eirin and I lay Mokou down for a moment to remove our clothes. When we finish, Mokou stares at my face, and her eyes plead to me.

“Ka….”

I cannot help but laugh at the failed calling of my name.

“A guilty conscience?” I part Mokou’s legs, sliding my hands up along the inside of her legs toward her womanhood. Eirin mimics my actions, running hers down from Mokou’s arms, then to her hips and waist. “Do not be. Not when you were and still are the first to commit to this.”

Without a warning, I run my tongue along her folds. Or more precisely, Eirin and I kiss atop her womanhood. Mokou moans disgracefully as the sides of my tongue trace her sides, and sometimes I nip at her folds. As I move up, the tip of my tongue meets with Eirin’s as she flicks her own across Mokou’s most sensitive spot, the small nub that has surfaced. The both of us alternate turning our heads sideways to properly pleasure Mokou, stopping now and again to kiss her here and there. Mokou does not last long before her orgasm, shivering for a moment before going limp.

Her first for tonight.

I rise to share a kiss with Eirin, trading the illusory sweet taste of the girl below us. When we pull apart, I cast a glance at Mokou.

“Finished so soon?” A thought crosses my mind. “Are you left so unsatisfied by that girl that you cannot last but a few days without another’s touch?”

Mokou does not stop staring into the empty room. I mount one of her legs and lie on Mokou, my stomach now on her waist.

“Tend to Eirin while I please myself.”

Eirin crawls backward until she hovers above Mokou’s face. I slide myself across her knee, shiver as I move over her thigh, and finally gasp when I meet with Mokou’s entrance. Despite there being a third party, she knows to lift her right leg over my left. As I begin to rock to and fro, Eirin takes a sharp breath when Mokou begins moving her tongue.

I wonder, Keine Kamishirasawa. How would you react to seeing Mokou right now?

I breathe in rhythm with my rocking. I reach with my left arm to raise Mokou’s right leg, kissing the side, biting when Mokou doesn’t respond. Mokou groans in pain, but continues to suck and flick her tongue inside of Eirin. My body grows warmer at the sight. It amuses me to take advantage of Mokou’s willingness for adopting a passive nature in bed. Amusing, and therefore arousing. I am grateful for her initial talk, informing me of her small fetishes. The small joys she shares with that woman to pleasure herself.

Eirin leans forward and reaches for me. She takes my cheek in one hand and beckons me toward her. I allow her to explore my mouth as I continue pushing my waist against Mokou. I can hear her muffled shouts as Eirin presses herself against the girl underneath. So, Mokou begins grinding her hips left and right. It takes a few moments for her and me to align ourselves so that our folds brush against each other on every movement.

I throw my head back and moan into the noise of muffled grunts and Eirin’s groans. I squeeze harder on the underside of Mokou’s thigh with every shock that runs through my body. The shocks come with the sight of Eirin reaching down to squeeze the tips of Mokou’s breasts. Now I take hold of Mokou’s leg with both hands.

“Do you enjoy this pleasure? Indulging in the pleasures of the flesh with two women while your loved one is away?”

I know she won’t answer. Not until I prod at her guilty desire further.

“Does your current pleasure stain the bed more than it does with her?” I breathe into her leg. My fingernails curve and trail down her leg. “I can feel it. How aroused you are. Even more so than before. Perhaps you expected this progression? Would you like it if I invited more? We could add another.”

Perhaps that is a lie, considering that rabbit’s interests. But Mokou’s hips push up and she releases a long moan.

“That excites you, doesn’t it?” I continue. I nip behind her leg, teeth pinching the skin. “And perhaps in the future, we could start using toys. Maybe you’d like to simulate a man’s pleasure with me? Then I could return the favor after you’ve finished ravaging me?” I press my teeth harder. “Perhaps you’d like to skip straight to an orgy service? Or dare I say it, be violated by many at once?”

Mokou’s utters a yelp, and Eirin gasps in pleasure while encouraging my words with a quick kiss.

“Or maybe you’ve decided to end your little play entirely.” I peck toward her knee, teasing her skin with the tip of my tongue. Mokou’s groans are consumed by Eirin’s womanhood, which begin to leak her secretions. “Maybe you’d like to be caught this instant. And then you’d reach the throes of pleasure while she watches. Can you see it? The look on her face as you peak, writhing under the body of who you despise and her faithful aide? ”

With a grunt and a scream of release, Mokou’s body thrashes, nearly throwing me off of her body. Unlike her low utterance, I release a sweeter scream of release as the waves of pleasure crash through me. Every wave intensifies as we continue to brush our folds against each other. My mind’s eye flashes white without end.

I hear Eirin’s voice as well. There are muffled shouts and grunts, but I pay them no mind. The waves die down as my movements slow, yet I savor every lingering movement before the sensations dull. When they do, I cease to move. The soothing calm flows over my skin and through my body as I stare at the ceiling.

Eirin lifts herself from her place, and I glance down at Mokou’s face. I would imagine a trail of liquid to be dripping from the corner of her mouth, if not her own saliva. And normally, she should be looking at me. But I admire the mix of shame, satisfaction, and nothingness in her eyes. The guilt is as expected. After all, some part of her must still loathe her own willingness to betray. Dwarfed as it is against her despicable want for sex.

And yet she will continue to do so.

“Kaguya.”

She sits up and moves toward me. I lie back onto the pillow, previously unused until now.

“Yes?”

“Let me.”

“Of course. But.”

“`But`, what?”

I look toward Eirin, who is already crawling behind her. I comfort Mokou with a smile.

“Perhaps you’d like to indulge in something else, as well?”

Mokou has no time to wonder or ask what I know is coming as Eirin places one hand on her shoulder. The other—

“Wha—”

That is all Mokou says before she screams. What is greater, the revolting delight or largely uncomfortable shock, even I cannot discern.

“Focus.” Is all I say before Mokou looks back down at me.

Mokou’s eyes are unsteady as she moves a hand toward my womanhood. “But…this….Why…?”

I have only ever allowed Eirin to penetrate my other orifice with a finger. Despite that limitation, she has come to be quite experienced at it. Of course, since Mokou is new to such an act, perhaps the pleasure will be supplementary at best.

Not that it will be a problem.

“Come.” I take hold of Mokou’s wrist as I snake my other hand toward her own womanhood.

I lead Mokou to act as I push two fingers in while Mokou bends two of hers inside of me. One of her eyes narrows as she lurches forward in tandem with Eirin’s finger.

“This is…weird.” Mokou grunts and her eyes shoot open. I suppose Eirin has pushed her entire finger inside.

I laugh at her virgin reactions. Mokou finally decides to close her eyes as she tries to thrust her fingers in and out in a steady pace. I return the favor by fully withdrawing to massage her nub while pulling out before thrusting in again. Eirin seems pleased with unceremoniously humping the back of Mokou’s leg. She times her movements with penetrating Mokou.

“I assume,” I press my forehead against Mokou’s, “you’ve never indulged two places at once with her? Much less that place?”

“No. I’m not....”

“You would question Eirin’s actions, but not your own?”

Mokou kisses me. An appropriate response. Aside from the lack of comfort, her eyes are filled with a satisfaction that I understand well. A satisfaction that, as her tongue flicks up and then down against mine, can only be understood when given such a life. And perhaps that is also why Eirin, whose breathing now matches her hip’s movements, has decided to join me tonight.

Mokou kisses me deeper. Either Eirin’s ministrations now please her body, or likely because Mokou reaches the limits of her resistance. The wetness between our legs and the tight grasp that both she and I have around our fingers are proof of our approaching orgasms. I pull away to breathe while Mokou groans. Her eyes are shut, the pleasure assaulting her front and back likely overwhelming her senses.

And thus, I begin my words to her.

“Again, this night.” I whisper as I stare at Mokou.

“Don’t….”

I continue as Eirin starts to sing her release. “You will betray her again.”

“Don’t!” Mokou struggles to speak as she moans.

“And in this endless eternity….” I join the chorus as I release a few shorts gasps. Mokou’s fingers now move in a fevered pace, a useless attempt to silence me. “…You indulge yourself in something that can never be found again.”

There is that instant where it seems time itself has stopped, an illusion created from our simultaneous cease of breathing. I take in the picture in front of me as it is presented. Mokou, her sweat and forehead on my chest, and her face contorted from the sensations only she feels at the moment. Eirin, her eyes shut, though the small, repeated movements of her arm tell much of her efforts behind Mokou’s body. I cannot tell, or choose not to differentiate, whose legs are whose, except that they are a mess of tangled ecstasy and desire. But that sight brings clarity to this situation. That we are simply three women indulging…no, who have indulged, upon someone’s treachery.

I arch my back as Mokou screams, her breath a scorching heat on my breast. Eirin rests her head upon Mokou’s shoulder. Yet the combined weight does not stop my body from rising above the sheets below. Warmth flows out of me and onto Mokou’s hand. Mokou, in turn, squeezes the length of my fingers as I continue to please her. My movements continue as she rides my hand and I hers. Our other hands grab and clench the sheets beside each other, tearing at the fabric to help release the desire coursing through our veins. Eirin suddenly pushes her body toward ours, pinning Mokou to myself. I feel Eirin grind herself against Mokou’s leg now and again, and something warm falls onto my leg underneath theirs. Though Mokou and I are too sensitive to move our fingers any longer, Mokou cries out in rhythm to Eirin’s continued violation of her other orifice. And with a low hum from Mokou’s throat, all movements slow to a stop.

Mokou grunts in discomfort as Eirin withdraws her hand to pet the poor girl’s backside. My breath trails past Mokou’s ear as I hear hers beside my own.

“She won’t be home tonight, will she?” I whisper.

Mokou’s cheek touches my own ear, as I hear her breath on the fabric below. “…No. She’s busy somewhere else.”

“That is all I need to know.”

“I don’t want you to stay.”

The words are not true. To clarify, they are filled with regret.

“Hm.” I admire the ceiling. “It is good that we are here then, isn’t it?”

Eirin runs her hand along the blankets and my hair. “It would have been a lonely night otherwise, would it not?”

Mokou does not respond to this. She slides herself to my right, while Eirin moves so that Mokou is between us. The girl does not release my arm, letting her arms remain entwined with it.

“But I must ask.” Eirin says. “Why?”

“Yes.” I muse while Mokou’s gaze trails down toward my body, but not actually staring at any part of me. “Why?”

I know the answer. And Mokou knows well that I know.

“Do you revel in the pleasure? You certainly do not like me.” I bring my palm to her chin, tracing her lips with my thumb. “You do not feel pleasure in the act of sex by itself. Yet you enjoy it with her. And though you could choose any other person, man or woman, you chose me. Please explain to Eirin if you could.”

Mokou remains unmoving in her expression. A reaction to commend.

“Is it the knowledge of knowing you are betraying her?” I lower my hand to one of her breasts, harassing it. “Betraying her with someone you loathe?”

More silence. The sadist in me cannot stop.

“Well?”

Then she answers. With all the hate she has directed toward me in the past, she regrets her own truth. The awkward words that define her very reason for her own atrocity.

“Because…I wanted to.”
In the field of flowers that are like an illusion, Yuuka walks along the path. It is an endless path, but one she knows well. Not because it is a place Yuuka is familiar with. True, but not the purpose for this reality within a dream.

Yes, that is what it is. To reach this place, one has to dream. When they do, they enter a place built for a single purpose. A sacred ground created through the combination of good and bad will.

And yet, as shock and surprise flash on Yuuka’s face, someone else stands before her.

“Why, hello there.”

“…Yukari.”

The killing intent would have brought any lower being to their knees. Or perhaps kill them on the spot.

To prevent any bloodshed, Yukari spoke promptly.

“Do not worry. I am here for expository purposes.”

The silent response from Yuuka is clear.

Leave, or else.

“Why,” Yukari opens a fan in front of her face, “do you wish to repeat what happened that time? I did nothing for my rudeness, but I will retaliate if anything were to happen this time.”

"You were talking with her for quite a while."

...

"I wonder. When you finish talking, whispering sweet words to each other, does it always end with you on your knees?—"

Yukari fell to the ground as Yuuka's fist made contact with her face. Yukari chuckled to herself. Yuuka, slap someone? Of course it would be a punch.

It wasn't that Yukari was weak. Only those who were dead and an unknowing fool would believe that. It was just that Yuuka had been fueled by a mixture of uncontrolled rage and raw emotion. Much more than Yukari, who had no reason to be filled with such things at the moment. Yukari diminished most of the force behind the blow, but not all of it.

Normally, that punch would have destroyed a human where they stood.

"Oh my." Yukari spoke in a manner too calm for her appearance, standing on unsteady legs. "Perhaps I took it a bit too far."

"Just a little. Please take care of yourself."

“Where is she?”

A lesser person would flee from the threat.

“That is all I need to do.” Yukari turns away. “I will take responsibility and report to that person. Please think nothing of this, as it is a troublesome action I needed to take.”

Yuuka blinks, and Yukari is gone. Whether it is a method of the dream or Yukari’s own power, she doesn’t care.

“Yuuka!”

When she hears this voice, Yuuka turns with a smile saved for one person.

The name is a muffle to everyone but the two. The girl, with hair as blond as the sunflowers around them, twirls in Yuuka’s embrace. Wearing a white dress. Probably thanks to the shinigami.

“I was wondering when you’d come.” The girl smiles for Yuuka, snuggling into a shoulder. “Miss Shiki came to me a while ago. She said that you might have been delayed seeing me.”

Yuuka frowns, expression growing dark. “I know.”

“It was Yukari, right?” The girl shakes Yuuka gently. ”You shouldn’t do anything. She’s a really nice person.”

Yuuka’s expression doesn’t change for a moment. Then, she sighs.

“I wish I could say the same.”

She’d kill herself right now if she had any reason to believe Yukari could eavesdrop.

“I think Miss Yukari thinks so too. You youkai, being like that. But Miss Shiki said to worry more about being human than worrying about youkai. So I guess I won’t worry too much.”

Yuuka smirks. So Yukari spoke the truth about taking responsibility. She is likely being preached to at this very moment. Not that Yuuka ever has to worry about that.

“So you know,” The girl begins walking on the path, and Yuuka does the same, “I went on a journey with Komachi.”

“Is that so?”

“She showed me more of the river. Well, she tried. Most of the time she was protecting me from the bad spirits that went out of control. She always has to apologize to Miss Shiki, going `Lady Eiki will punish me if I mess up, oh no!`”

“Hm.”

“I wasn’t scared! But it was cool to see Komachi fight. I asked her if she ever fought you before, but she didn’t want to say. She wanted me to ask you instead.”

“But of course.”

“And so? How was it fighting Komachi?”

“She’s pretty strong. If she were fighting with that woman, I’d have a lot more fun.”

“Boo.” The girl shoots a gaze at Yuuka while pouting. “That doesn’t tell me anything. Maybe you did lose to her before.”

Yuuka’s grin grows wider. “I didn’t say she won, either.”

“Then tell me about how many fights you’ve won recently.”

“Hmm.” Yuuka cocks her head. “There were some fairies.”

“…”

The girl kept pouting. Yuuka laughs.

“What? Those were fights I won.”

“Fairies? Really?”

“Well, if I said anything else, you’d wonder if I lost to a fairy instead, wouldn’t you?”

“But even I could beat a fairy!”

“No you couldn’t.”

“…No, I couldn’t.”

The girl’s shoulders drooped as she turns away with crooked, pursed lips. Yuuka wraps an arm around the girl.

“But that’s why you have me. Fairies would never be able to touch you in the first place.”

The girl rocks her head left and right in Yuuka’s embrace.

“And if someone stronger tries to?”

“Well,” Yuuka leans her head onto the girl’s, “we’ve seen what happens, haven’t we?”

The girl giggles, rubbing her face onto Yuuka’s body.

“We have.”

Then, the girl pulls away. She holds a finger to Yuuka’s face.

“But don’t go wild ever again! You hurt all the poor sunflowers, we had to get so many people to help! Even the fire was hard to stop! I’m sure you don’t want to ask for help from all of those people ever again.”

Yuuka bent her mouth, making a noise between a groan and a hum.

“I didn’t. And I don’t.”

The girl tugs on Yuuka’s hand, leading her off the path toward the endless sea of sunflowers. Sitting onto the grass, the girl invites Yuuka to do the same. Yuuka slowly descends, feet outstretched in front. The girl sits with her knees out and legs to the side.

“Yuuka.”

“Yes?”

“Do you think I’ll be able to see Gensokyo again?”

“You’re not having fun exploring over there?”

“I am. But….”

The girl leans her head onto Yuuka’s shoulder.

“…I’d like to see those people again. And be with you more.”

“…”

There is a moment of silence. Yuuka spoke.

“I miss you, too.”

“Don’t die when you aren’t ready to.”

“Is that a serious statement?”

“Well. Then if you do something stupid, I’ll get really angry.”

“I won’t then.”

“Really? Even though you don’t like being with Miss Yukari?”

“That’s different.”

The girl shifts her head on Yuuka’s shoulder. Yuuka looks at the girl, who is now staring into her eyes. Yuuka stops breathing for a second.

Then they kiss.

Yuuka opens her eyes. She rubs her lips together. Her mind doesn’t even understand that she had just kissed. So she does so again.

And again.

And again.

“Hey.” The girl’s voice comes with an air of lust as she pulls back for the third time. “I love you, Yuuka.”

“Mm.” Is all Yuuka says.

After a fourth, Yuuka begins to alternate between her lips and her tongue as she trails across the girl’s cheek. Then down her neck.

The girl’s breath shakes, then she tugs at her dress to prepare for when Yuuka reaches her lower body. As soon as she does, her cock stands erect in front of Yuuka’s face. No words are exchanged as Yuuka opens her mouth, proceeding to wrap her lips for the amount of girth the girl has.

The girl releases a scream into the empty sky. She pushes her hips up in an attempt to fit more of her bulging erection into the warm, slick hole that is Yuuka’s mouth. Yuuka sucks as she bobs up, and releases a warm breath of air as she descends. Precum begins to slather her tongue. Her tongue licks each side of the cock in her mouth, even as the head approaches the back of her mouth towards her throat.

“Yuuka,” The girl places a hand on Yuuka’s head, “It feels so good….”

Yuuka closes her eyes, realigning herself so she is now on all fours in front of the girl. She places her hands on the girl’s hips as the girl leans backward. The girl’s legs twitch as she prepares to come.

“Oh! Oh….”

Yuuka pushes herself as far as she can go as the first shot of semen fires into the back of her mouth. Swallowing as quickly as possible, the second and third shots land on her tongue. Pushing the girl’s cock—and the currently collected strands of cum—up against the roof of her mouth, Yuuka drains as much as she can while the girl spasms and twitches. When seconds pass after the girl finishes ejaculating, she opens her eyes and lets go of the girl’s cock with a soft popping noise.

The girl watches Yuuka swallow whatever remains in her mouth, cock twitching as the other woman licks her lips left and right.

“Oh….” Is all the girl can say while Yuuka leans in to kiss her again.

There’s a small thrill of tasting her own cum, and slight disappointment when the girl tastes nothing out of the ordinary. Yuuka strokes her hand on the girl’s cheek.

“Your turn.”

As much as the girl wished Yuuka had a penis, she decides that it is just as well that she leans back for Yuuka to straddle her head. Taking a moment to remove and throw her clothes to the side, Yuuka’s pussy, glistening with juices, hovers an inch from her mouth.

Yuuka gasps as the girl begins licking without hesitation. She slowly rises forward, then falls backward, pushing and relaxing her legs in rhythm with the girl’s pace. A small gust tickles Yuuka’s skin, and she shivers both from the cool air and the wet tongue probing deeper inside of her.

“Yes, like that.” Yuuka leans forward to place her hands on the earth. “Deeper….”

In response to Yuuka’s new position, the girl lifts her head so she can continue licking. The girl feels her cock becoming erect again as she flicks her tongue into and on Yuuka’s most sensitive places. Places where, when she does touch, Yuuka pushes herself into the girl’s face. Or maybe jerks up and away. And sometimes, screams.

Yuuka, screaming! The girl would love to tease Yuuka, but her lover would sooner leave the girl’s now re-erect cock as it is. That is the fear. The worst that happened was that Yuuka made a threat in the guise of a flippant joke. No more teasing Yuuka after that.

At the same time, with a face burning with lust, Yuuka comes by letting her hips fall onto the girl’s head. There’s a small noise of dissatisfaction, likely the girl yelling a mental “You big jerk!” to her. Of course, Yuuka is also certain that the girl would have teased her for moaning out loud to the empty sky. If she does, then she has no regrets crushing the girl under the weight of her body, with the girl’s tongue reaching deep into her pussy.

“Yuuka…you….” The girl makes out after Yuuka slides off and onto her chest, juices seeping on her tongue. “You jerk….”

Laughing, Yuuka raises a hand to her mouth. “Sorry. But it felt good.”

Sliding even further so she is lying on top of the girl, Yuuka kisses the girl once more. Her thigh comes into contact with the girl’s cock.

“How much time do you think we have?” The girl shifts her body up and down, pushing her nipples into Yuuka’s. The other woman’s breasts smother her own, eliciting a pathetic moan that signals a defeat somewhere in the back of the girl’s mind.

“Why, after the trouble we’ve been through,” Yuuka dips her head to suckle on a breast for a moment, “it should be a given that we have all the time we want.”

With a small whine, the girl brushes her hand through Yuuka’s hair. “But Miss Shiki scolded us last time for taking too long….”

Licking down the girl’s stomach, Yuuka spoke. “And she was rather red-faced. I think she knows better not to pry into our affairs.”

“`Our affairs`? Don’t you mean `your`—Ow!”

Yuuka bites the girl’s cock. Kissing the tip in apology, the other woman rose to insert herself.

“Sorry. But this is our time.” Yuuka aligns herself with the girl below her. “And I love you.”

Yuuka hisses as she lowers her hips, straddling the girl’s thighs with her own. The girl rises, wrapping her arms around Yuuka’s waist.

“Yuuka….” The girl murmurs, lips brushing against Yuuka’s chest as she speaks. “Yuuka!”

Rotating her hips, Yuuka lets herself go from the sensation of her love’s cock in her pussy. Though she likes being roughly fucked from behind or being driven into with the girl on top, she also enjoys squeezing the girl’s cock and feeling that moment of being filled completely. Every part of it felt great: Grinding back and forth until she covers the girl’s cock with her juices. Burying her nose onto the girl’s head, that scent that can’t be found anywhere else. The girl crying out into her body. Yes, this kind of sex is more than enough. Had Yuuka desired lust itself like a human whore, she might consider planting her feet on the ground to bounce up and down. But not for her.

Not for the only one she loves.

Placing her hands on the girl’s shoulders, Yuuka grinds harder, the warm ball of a climax building inside. Every now and again, the girl bucks upward. And sometimes, from these moments, the girl’s cock hits something deep inside of Yuuka’s body. Something that almost makes her want to leap off of the girl’s body, despite how contradictory it is to the pleasure she feels.

Yuuka lets out a low moan, then a high-pitched breath of a sigh. No, this won’t do. She wants her love’s name to be heard for all to know. Yuuka aims her hand in front of her, concentrating on something she knows exists somewhere in the sky.

A light shoots out, and Yuuka whispers the girl’s name again.

“Kanna.”

The girl’s eyes widen. Even a human like her can hear the odd echo that comes after her name. Which means only one thing.

However, the feeling of Yuuka’s now wet pussy squeezing tight around her cock breaks the moment of surprise. The warm secretions of Yuuka’s love now covers her rock-hard erection, a pleasure coat of heat mixed with the equally pleasant tightness of her lover’s pussy.

“Yuuka.”

Just calling each other’s names brings them ever closer to a climax. It isn’t long, and both of them know it. So the only thing they can do is make sure the other hears them calling their name. The trigger that leads to their release.

“Kanna. Kanna! Kanna!!!”
“Yuuka. Yuukaaa. YUUKA!!!”

Their voices blend into one along with their orgasms. Yuuka wraps her arms around Kanna’s head just as the girl holds the other woman’s body tight against her own. The girl’s cock fires several loads of semen into Yuuka’s accepting body, which squeezes eagerly and comfortably as Yuuka’s mouth had earlier.

With a mix of secretions seeping down her penis, Kanna leans forward onto Yuuka’s body. The other woman leans back into the grass, letting the girl lie on her body. The cool air and warm sunlight are still as they were when they met. The reality inside a dream continues without end. And they fall asleep.



“My, you two were in there for a while.”

Yuuka stops walking, and Kanna does the same. From the gap that opened in front of them, Yukari steps through. In the middle of the endless path between the boundless field of sunflowers, the youkai of boundaries opens her fan in front of her face.

As Kanna smiles at Yukari, Yuuka does the same in her normal way. “I assume it’s your duty, then?”

“Why, yes.” Yukari looks at the sky. “Repairing a barrier of that caliber requires someone who is of its equal or greater.”

Kanna’s smile droops a bit. “I’m sorry, Miss Yukari. We…I’m sorry.”

“Do not be concerned.” Yukari lowers her fan, her small grin an acknowledgement on what transpired. “It is not your fault for the actions of someone who is fueled by emotion.”

“Oh?” Yuuka brings her hand to her mouth in surprise. “I thought that was for certain. Emotions are what drive every living being to do as they please.”

“Yes. Although some living beings love being driven by something, do they not?”

“Yes. Just as some living beings are driven by the ghosts of their past.”

Kanna begins to back away from the other two women, who laugh simultaneously. And when the two women open their eyes—

Yuuka and Yukari float into the air, the very fabric of the reality within a dream breaking between them. Kanna struggles to hide her laughter.

And fear.

Sukuna squirmed helplessly against the heads of the t-pins crushing her slender wrists deep into the tatami mats. Her struggles gained only the giggles of Reimu, who was lying on her belly, chin resting on crossed arms, bare feet kicking lazily in the warm summer air.

“Buut an ant – can't – mooove a rubber tree plaaant~” she crooned off-key, then giggled. Reimu was rather drunk. “Yer kinda cute when you ain't bein a bitch.” Reimu reached out and roughly poked at Sukuna's belly, forcing the air out of her with a tiny grunt. “Wunner whatcha looklike unnerdat ol bag,” she said thoughtfully, rubbing one fingertip over Sukuna's chest in figure-eights; around one breast, down her breastbone, up around the other, repeat. The prisoner stared straight at the ceiling, her jaw taut, making no sound.

“Ohh, yer so toooough,” Reimu giggled as she rotated one breast round and around under her dainty fingertip. “Small, 'n firm. Bigger than Marisa, t'least,” she slurred thoughtfully, dragging her finger down to Sukuna's belly and depressing it a few more times for experiment. “Tiiiight,” she leered, before sliding down to Sukuna's crotch and pressing upwards against the mound of her sex roughly enough that Sukuna gasped. “Oops,” Reimu giggled, shifting her fingertip around almost imperceptibly as she felt up her prisoner. “Oooohh, cuuute,” she slurred with relish, then pinched one of Sukuna's legs between thumb and forefinger and dragged them down its length. “Slender,” she said, her voice a little lower now. “Even'er feet 're cute... so small...” she sighed, trying to rub Sukuna's diminutive foot; but even her slender fingers were big compared to the inchling. She pouted, cheek cradled in one palm as she slapped her feet down behind her. “Now 'm horny. Whassa point a-havin a slave if I can't fukker?”

Reimu ceased her torments long enough to drag over a flat wooden box clinking and clanking with stationary tools. She rummaged around idly, and came up with a letter opener. Sukuna sucked in her breath when she saw the silver blade glinting in the golden light of the coming dusk. Reimu pinched the small grip and let the tip dangle, then carefully moved it towards her captive; savoring the tiny girl's wide eyes as she followed the razor-sharp tip's descent. Still resting her cheek in one hand, head tilted, Reimu smirked with lazy satisfaction as she toyed with her prize, feinting and brushing at her with the point. Pinned spreadeagle to the mats, Sukuna could only flinch and shiver at each thrust with tiny whimpers of terror.

Reimu let the point rest on the hollow of Sukuna's throat, forcing her to freeze entirely, not even daring to breathe or cry lest the weight of the blade alone offered enough resistance to pierce her. Reimu waited until Sukuna started to turn red in the face before slowly tugging the letter opener down her chest, the point dragging over her breastbone, down her belly and finally over her little mound before snagging in the loose fabric of her dress. Sukuna gasped for air, her chest heaving as Reimu watched the motion of her tiny body with interest.

“Ghads, I wish yuh was bigger 'gain,” she sighed. “Sso fukkin hot. “Day I beatcha, I fought this mermaid in the lake...” she tapped the letter opener against the mats idly as she reminisced. “Beat the shit outta her, 'bout to finish 'er off, she starts beggin and grabbin m'leg and pressin dem tittys against m'thigh, so I sit down in the water, all cool 'roun m'hips and she...” Reimu bit her lip at the memory, staring off into space. “Sucked 'n me like her life depended on it, cuz it did, eh, and all the while starin at me w'theez big blue turquoise eyes, all wide'n cryin, dun kill me, dun kill me...” Reimu sighed wistfully. “T'fuck'er you good 'fer?”

Without warning the priestess slipped the tip of the letter opener underneath the hem of Sukuna's kimono, sliding the flat of the cold steel up the length of the inchling's quivering frame. She turned the blade slightly as she raised it, wrenching Sukuna's body upward. She cried out as her wrists and ankles screamed in protest for a long second before the steel bit into the silk and ripped her clothing open from top to bottom. Turning her face aside, blushing with shame, she refused to look as Reimu flicked the torn garment aside, exposing the inchling's slender figure to the air.

“Nnnh,” Reimu said in frustration. “Why 'ainchu bigger?” On impulse, she dropped her mouth to Sukuna's body and licked her, a quick swipe up her torso. “Mmm.” Reimu took her time now, flicking one bare foot with the tip of her tongue, then running up one slender, pale leg. She used the tip to press slowly and firmly against Sukuna's bare crotch, savoring the contours of her mound. Flattening her tongue, she dragged it with slow relish up the tiny girl's body, closing her eyes to focus on the faint quivering of her belly; the small, firm bumps of her breasts.

“Mmm,” Reimu said, the faint bitterness of Sukuna's salty sweat lingering. “Errythin' does feel bigger in yer mouth, heheh.” She scooched forward on the mats, bracing her elbows wide on each side of her victim as she got comfortable for an extended session. After a few more slow licks she refined her technique; flexing her tongue just right to narrow the tip, slip it in-between the miniscule gap between mound and slender thigh, then sliding it under to rub against her firm little asscheeks. Reimu pressed upwards, flattening her tongue against Sukuna's rump, squishing the wet muscle into the crevice of her cheeks. The inchling squealed helplessly as her body was flexed to its limits against the t-pins. Then Reimu moved northward, letting her tongue wrap around Sukuna's groin limply before dragging it up her body, the tip of Reimu's nose brushing Sukuna's cheek with each pass. Her prisoner was wet and slick and shapely and squirmed so prettily under her tongue; it felt like kissing, but so much more distinct, the sensations so crisp. Eyes closed, she slipped into a blissful haze of lazy licking, licking, licking.

“S-s-stop.”

Reimu stopped, cracking her eyelids open to look at Sukuna's flushed face over the length of her sticky, nude body. “Please... please stop,” Sukuna gasped out, managing to lift her head and look Reimu in the eye. “When I'm bigger again, I'll be obedient,” she said, chest heaving. “I w-won't g-give you any trouble, I'll- I'll d-do my b-best.” She swallowed. “Please. Not like this. Please.”

Reimu leered at her captive, the girl blushing crimson in shame as the priestess trailed her eyes up the saliva-slicked legs, the rosy glow on her mound, the distinct pink quivering of her tiny areola and nipples. To confirm her suspicion she lunged forward and gave her another slow lick; and this time she noticed the little bracing gasp just before she made contact, the tensing of the tiny frame under her mouth, the heat in her groin, so apparent against her lips, the fresh quiver as the wet, malleable muscle of her tongue dragged over tiny, stiff nipples. She rose, propping her chin in both palms again and stared at the heaving chest of her toy.

“You havin fun, cunt?” she asked, shifting on the mats a bit and feeling her thighs glide against each other with a maddening lack of friction. She was getting warm down there herself just looking at Sukuna; thinking of being the lickee, every inch of her body being stroked by a wet, hot, rippling wall of muscle with just enough grittiness on it to stimulate-

“Stop?” Reimu spat suddenly, dragging the stationary kit closer again and snatching a few calligraphy brushes out of it. “Yer a tool. Tool yuh stop using gets thrown out.” Sukuna saw the brushes coming and cried out; “NO NO PLEASE WAIT WAIT WAIT-! but Reimu just began swiping at her tiny body with quick, firm strokes of the dry brushes.

At first Sukuna just stared straight at the ceiling, her jaw twitching as she grit her teeth against the feather-fine teasing bristles, but the shrine maiden's calligraphy was well-honed by years of drawing stacks of seals before every battle. She handled the brushes with marvelous precision, undiminished by the drinking, using tiny strokes of the brushtips to feel her victim out. Sukuna, it seemed, was most vulnerable under her armpits, along her sides, especially at her graceful little waist, and at the soles of her feet. Reimu used a few bristles to lightly brush over Sukuna's groin and over her pussy; the inchling hissing against the light, feathery sensation; unbearably intense to the point of pain against her most sensitive spots. Reimu applied those few bristles to her belly, her throat, her breasts, working with swift and skilled precision as Sukuna squeezed out miserable tears under torment.

A slow, heavy stroke of the brush down her side caused her eyes to pop wide open. Reimu attacked the other, and a faint giggle finally escaped the rigid prisoner. Reimu kept going, relentlessly, slow strokes, then little pokes, moving all over Sukuna's body to keep her guessing. She lightly teased her nipples while tickling her armpits with heavy strokes; she sent lightning through her inner thighs while brutally attacking her feet. The laughter finally burst from the tormented girl, full-throated and desperate from a spasming diaphragm.

Reimu kept going.

Ten minutes later, every light brush of bristle-tip against Sukuna's crotch drew a quavering shriek with the laughter; the intense sensation truly agonizing against her aroused sex. Reimu alternated with slow, firm strokes against her mound to keep building the heat in her loins; but the other brush never relented; always running quick and firm down Sukuna's sides and armpits; keeping her laughing constantly. Tears were pouring from Sukuna's wild eyes; streaming over her beet red face as her laughter began to grow hoarse. Remiu was enjoying herself, aglow with fascination at how easily she could stroke every sound and scream from her helpless toy. She grew curious – just how far could Sukuna go?

What would happen when she broke?

Minutes passed. Sukuna's laughing grew ragged as she fought for breath; unable to gasp for the involuntary giggling squeezing her lungs dry. Little coughs interrupted her shrill, ever-more-wild laughter, rising to wild wails when Reimu launched a full assault on her sides and soles, the little inchling's sweat-soaked hair flying about as she thrashed her head wildly, and dropping to quavering, throaty guffaws when she stroked the fine bristles firmly over her pussy. Sukuna was making a breathless wheeze as Reimu tickled her armpits, a “Nheeeh! Nheeeh!” when her bladder finally let go. A little stream jetted from her swollen pussy as she lost all control over her muscles, spreading in a little dark blotch beneath her. Reimu redoubled her assault with a giggle of her own until the coughing began to dominate; the laughing turning into fast, hysterical sobbing.

Deciding it was time to finish, Reimu applied the coup de grace. Applying the brush to Sukuna's pussy and quivering little breasts simultaneously, she stroked for all she was worth, drawing quick, hoarse little gasps from the inchling that had to fight past her coughing sobs. Reimu watched the shivering of Sukuna closely as the pitch of her mad gasps rose, and just as her eyes were rolling back in her head; Reimu pulled her brushes back and pushed Sukuna over the edge with those maddeningly, painfully intense, feathery little strokes. The inchling's swollen little mound dripped wetly as the orgasm ripped through her; Reimu's awful little touches still going and going and going, teasing and dragging it out as long as possible – which proved to be a long time indeed.

Entranced by the ruined little thing gasping before her, Reimu shuffled a little closer, squinting at Sukuna's pussy. She fished two tiny finish brushes out of her stationary kit, and using the narrow wooden end of one to gingerly pull Sukuna's pussy open, she carefully stroked the other brush up the inchling's exposed core.

Sukuna screamed. Reimu bit her lip, clenching her thighs together over her wet sex and quickly stroked again, and again and again, the wild shrieks of the inchling making her breathing come ever quicker. Reimu started wiggling her hips a little, trying to massage her mound with her own thighs in unconscious desire as she stroked the inchling's invisible clit towards another orgasm. At last Sukuna gave in, her fisted hands flying open to twitch helplessly as she came, Reimu's relentless, agonizingly intense strokes driving it on unbearably long. With a final, breathless shriek, Sukuna's eyes rolled up and she fainted dead away.

Reimu dropped her brushes, her forehead plopping against the mats as she fought to slow her own heaving breath. Almost unconsciously, she grabbed her own slick crotch and groaned miserably as she squeezed herself – but she'd been fingering herself for a week straight, every other hour it felt like, and she was still unsatisfied and on-edge. She struggled to her feet and stared down at the tiny, limp form of Sukuna pinned to the mats – and scowled.

The little cunt would pay her dues.

Reimu walked around the room slowly, lighting lamps as she went as the last rays of dusk faded into night. She peeled off her shirt first, tossing it away and savoring the warm night breeze on her bare, sweaty breasts – then grabbed them and squeezed with an anxious moan. God, she needed this, didn't she? She'd mentioned the lake story to Marisa; a hint blunt enough even for the blonde but she'd just said something like “does a mermaid's vagina taste like people?” and proceeded to chase a woodchuck with a butterfly net or something stupid like that. She tossed away her skirt before rustling up her sewing kit and returning to Sukuna, kneeling by her prisoner wearing only her wet panties. The t-pins slid out of the mats easily, and she finished tearing away Sukuna's ruined clothing with the tip of a seam-ripper. Then, with a snigger at the irony, she carefully lashed her wrists together behind her back with a length of thick black thread, careful to make the knot snug, but not tight. Another loop went around her middle, cinching her elbows in tight against her back, a third around her knees and a fourth lashed her ankles together. She left a few feet of string dangling off the last one for later, and pinching about six inches of it, dipped Sukuna in her sake bowl.

The thread thrummed as Sukuna thrashed awake, wiggling about wildly under the liquid's surface. Reimu counted to three – slowly – before pulling her out to dangle at eye-level. She gave Sukuna a minute to finish coughing and wheezing before waving her side-to-side for attention.

“Rise'n'shine, bitch.”

Sukuna's glassy gaze slowly focused on Reimu's face – and then slid down her body, the inchling's tiny mouth hanging open as she ogled drunkenly. The priestess obligingly lowered her on her string, until Sukuna was dangling on-level with Reimu's hips. She tugged at the elastic band of her only remaining garment, slipping it under one hip, slowly peeling her sodden panties off her clean-shaven pussy as Sukuna watched. The priestess gently spread herself with one fingertip so her prisoner could see her sex; swollen and slick with arousal.

The inchling's eyes finally began to focus on the tableau before her. She began wiggling wildly in her bindings. “Nuuh. Nooo!” she wailed. “You can't! You can't possibly! There's no way!”

“Ahgotta few ideas,” Reimu said with a smirk, and took a seat on the mats in a loose cross-legged posture. Pinching Sukuna's head gingerly, she let the prisoner's feet drop and the laid her carefully against her slit. Hooking a fingertip under her ass for purchase, Reimu began rubbing Sukuna against her pussy.

“Hnngh,” Reimu groaned as the inchling wiggled and wailed in shame and disgust. And she thought her tongue had been good-! Every tiny contour of Sukuna's body, every contrast of firm and soft was deliciously evident against her sensitive pussy; the girl's every shiver and cry easily detectable. She pulled her labia open and pressed Sukuna against her core, ignoring the coughing from the inchling as she fought to breathe through Reimu's sticky arousal. The priestess kept jiggling Sukuna's ass; moving her just enough for sensation, then tried sliding her up-”

Reimu hissed in a gasp as Sukuna's slick little body rubbed over her clit. She stopped for a moment, the shivering of the little creature seeming to flow through Reimu's, connected by the delicate flower of her womanhood. Reimu gave her victim another little shift and felt her miniscule, firm little breasts hugging her clit – and gods, gods she could even feel Sukuna's racing heartbeat, a fast little pitterpatterpitterpatter that felt incredible. She rubbed Sukuna up and down for a little bit, staring down at her victim as sweat dripped from her brow, careful to manhandle her just-so - then turned her around to try the other side. Sukuna's tight, firm little figure seemed made for this; nestling into the clean pink folds of Reimu's pussy like a missing puzzle piece. She leaned her head back against the priestess's mound, purple hair pasted to her forehead by her rapist's juices, and gave Reimu a blank, pleading stare as her firm little asscheeks were parted by the shrine maiden's swollen clit. Reimu was wheezing for breath now, the prickling wildfire in her loins almost painful as she applied her victim with precision and care, focusing on the task to avoid coming too soon. It'd be good, but she was running this show – she wanted a bombshell.

When she was ready, the priestess peeled Sukuna off her pussy just like her panties and let the inchling catch her breath as she hung in air, dangling by the thread binding her ankles. She slipped two fingers into her pussy and groaned softly.

“Finally,” she said huskily. “C'mere, bint-”

Sukuna's dainty little feet slid in first, her miniscule toes scratching and tugging at Reimu's inner walls wonderfully. Then her calves, firm but smooth, and her thighs, and then, best of all, the small, delicious bump of her ass, wedging just inside her opening. Sukunka shivered helplessly as Reimu's sex squeezed her legs and ass jealously, eager for stimulation. When she finally came down from the sensations of initial insertion, Reimu looked down to find Sukuna sitting in her pussy, torso leaning against her labia. When the priestess gave her little rump another bump inward, the inchling looked up at her, tears cutting a clean path through the sticky juices on her cheeks, and shook her head with agonizing, pleading slowness.

Reimu's cheeks flushed with pleasure – finally, finally, what she'd seen in those pleading turquoise eyes, here again. She unfolded her legs slowly, stretching them out flat on the floor, spread wide; she wanted to enjoy the finish properly. “Eh? Got sumthin t'say?” she asked with a lazy smile.

“N-no d-d-eeper. D-d-d-rown, I'll-”

“Sure, honey,” Reimu said sweetly, and with one fingertip, pressed Sukuna's face against her clit. “If you suck.”

The inchling gazed up at her, her tiny face filled with broken begging.

“Suck, or you go all the way in,” Reimu said with a wicked smile.

“It's too big!”

Reimu just pressed against Sukuna's ass; forcing her to slide in a few millimeters more. The inchling leaned forward and pressed her lips against Reimu's clit immediately, unsure of what to do, but desperate to do it.

“Stiffen yer tongue, sthupid,” Reimu slurred impatiently. “An if ah fheel any teeth I'mma shove you in head-first, gottit?”

Sukuna got it. Her tiny tongue slid out and caressed the underside of Reimu's swollen clit, guiding its way into her mouth. Reimu hissed as the inchling's lips touched her core - then let out a low quavering moan as her toy began to suck, as ordered. Reimu slid a finger up the tiny girl's bare back to press against her head, forcing her to take it deeper. She didn't stop till she felt Sukuna's tiny nose against the edge of her hood. The tiny girl was staring up at her with wide, terrified eyes as she sucked and slurped on Reimu's womanhood.

“Oooooooooh,” Reimu moaned. Her pussy felt like liquid fire, the firm, graceful lines of Sukuna's bond legs the core of a volcano. She felt the muscles in her inner thighs shivering as she built towards orgasm, the inchling's desperate ministrations sending jolts of pleasure through her body. Reimu's stiff nipples quivered in the sultry evening air as she leaned back, face turned to a ceiling she couldn't quite focus on. Now she did feel teeth; tiny little scrapes against her clit - but they felt amazingly intense, light and brief. Reimu felt her supporting arm quivering as her strength began to fail. Pinching Sukuna's soaked hair 'twixt thumb and forefinger, she pulled the poor inchling off her clit with a tiny wet *pop.*

“Nnnnggghhhh,” Reimu moaned as she squeezed her breast, rolling her nipple in her fingers. “Ahh, yes...” Sukuna's mouth had been a little too good; it would've been over too soon. And her pussy was aching for attention. Reimu slid her hand down her belly and pinched Sukuna's head between middle and index fingers. Still gasping for air and coughing out Reimu's sticky fluids, she barely had a chance to squeal before the shrine maiden plunged her deep into her pussy.

Reimu's gasps and squeals became frantic as she used the little inchling as a dildo. She could feel every last millimeter of her squirming, writhing body as her slick walls clamped onto her greedily, her tiny stiff nipples tracing trails of fire as they dragged against Reimu's flesh. Sukuna stared at Reimu blankly, her face flushed beet-red, mouth lolling open as the shrine maiden's wet pussy squeezed every inch of her tightly. She coughed and retched when Reimu's wetness filled her mouth too fully, but it was pure reflex - the tiny girl wasn't entirely present anymore.

Reimu yanked Sukuna out of her pussy and held her up to her face. Her toy was dripping from head to toe, drooling from a slack mouth. The shrine maiden was on the brink of an orgasm to end all orgasms, and after weeks of going without, she intended to make it one to remember.

“I told yuh,” Reimu slurred as her heart accelerated to a frenzied tempo. “No teeth.”

Even in her dazed state, Sukuna managed a single, strangled scream as her head slipped into Reimu's pussy.

The miko gave up on sitting, no longer having the strength to prop herself up. She sprawled out on the tatami mats, squeezing and kneading her breasts one at a time while her other hand, pinching Sukuna by her miniscule feet, thrust the hapless inching in and out of her pussy at breakneck pace. The inchling was thrashing and wiggling and writhing in pure panic, fighting back against the firm pressure of Reimu's interior walls. Reimu bit her lip and tried to focus on a ceiling rafter, fighting to stave off the orgasm for as long as possible, to build it to the greatest heights possible.

Sukuna's struggles became jerkier and sharper as her lungs began to burn. With hot, wet, slick muscle squeezing and rubbing her entire nude body, and the euphoria of asphyxiation creeping up on her, the tiny inchling finally succumbed. Her back arched violently as she came, her entire tiny form shaking and vibrating like a leaf.

Reimu felt her toy's contortion, lifting a bump beneath her clit - and then the shaking started. The shrine maiden's eyes rolled back in her head as her own back arched. One hand on her breast, the other squeezing her mound desperately, she shrieked as the orgasm rippled through her. The world spun and spun and spun as every muscle in her body fired at random - and just as she was winding down to blessed release, she felt Sukuna's tiny body arch again, battered into another orgasm by Reimu's spasming pussy. The shrine maiden lost count of how many times they drove each other on, all the world spinning like a top as her head swam about the clouds.

Reimu lay spread-eagle on the tatami mats, chest heaving as she basked in the afterglow. Almost as an afterthought, she found the thread dangling from her sex and tugged. Sukuna slid out of her slick pussy with ease, and the shrine maiden dangled the girl over her chest for examination. The inchlings eyes were blank, Reimu's juices dripping from her every orfice. Reimu twirled her toy about and flicked her finger against her back, ejecting a gout of liquid from deep within the girl. Sukuna wheezed and gasped and coughed and sputtered, then dangled limply, eyes rolled back in her head as her chest heaved for air.

Reimu lay the unconscious inchling down her breastbone and closed her eyes, enjoying the minute vibration of Sukuna's body as it was jostled by Reimu's steady heartbeat. She wondered if she could make her into a pendant, keeping her close and secret always, cradled between her breasts, her heartbeat thumping a steady metronome against her back in the darkness.

The shrine maiden drifted off to sleep... and dreamed of new ideas.
Three knives, four knives, and another three knives line up in the order they’re thrown. Sakuya responds to her master’s spell card, three thin, red blades of power that cut through the air.

Six knives, eight knives, and another six.

This time, four blades sail past Remilia’s face as Sakuya dives backward over the next volley.

Twelve knives, sixteen, twelve.

One last, thicker blade comes from Remilia’s nails, just as Sakuya spins after throwing her knives. The concentration of power formed into a blade licks the top of Sakuya’s hair, despite the maid having her back turned toward her master.

Finally, an explosion. It bursts from Remilia, raw power that slams into the night air. The audience knows before it happens: Sakuya disappears, then reappears behind Remilia. The content is apparent on the vampire’s face.

“Well done.”

“Thank you, milady.”

On the veranda, Patchouli closes her book while Koakuma and Meiling applaud. Behind them is a crossing of arms.

“Fancy as always.” Patchouli places her book in her lap while Remilia and Sakuya descend.

Remilia laughs out loud. “Of course. It’s only fitting.”

Then, an eyebrow twitches.

“Well then,” Sakuya bows, “I shall get back to work. I suppose everyone else should do the same.”

Without needing further clarification, Meiling jumps before disappearing (returning to the gate at break neck speed). Koakuma returns the maid’s bow.

“Lady Patchouli. Would you like to me to prepare more books in the library?”

“Ah.” Patchouli yawns. “No, I believe that will be all. I will retire to my room for the night.”

“Well then.” Remilia speaks after. “I suppose I will call it a night as well. Ahem.”

Sakuya opens her eyes. The gaze shifts to her sister.

“Sakuya, will you help me into bed?”

There it is.

“Yes.”

And she doesn’t add it again.

“And Flan?” Remilia says while everyone starts to go inside. “Make sure you don’t break anything before going to bed.”

The worst of Flandre’s expressions was a blank one. Never of anger, or sadness, or otherwise. So it’s only with a blank response that Flandre acknowledges her sister.

“Yeah.” Flandre stares up at the moon.

In disgust.



I have a problem.

I know. She says it differently when she needs it. No one’s stupid. It should have been like this:

“Sakuya, you will help me get prepared for bed.”

”Yes, milady.”

Even the “training” itself was a message. Or perhaps it was a mercy.

Because believe me. It is.

Before I leave my room, I clench a hand near my body and destroy “my existence that can be sensed by others”. Just think of it as a way to hide myself from everyone and accept it for what it is. It’s complicated to explain. I’d rather take the risk of destroying myself than not being witness to the atrocity about to happen upstairs.

The mansion is quiet. Any of the fairies who are cleaning are nowhere near my sister’s room. The rest are asleep. Only the important people around the mansion are likely awake, but they have no business wandering near my sister’s room. Just like she could care less what they do all the time by themselves. Common decency, isn’t it?

I’m in the room before I know it. I walk beside the door. And stand there. It’s not like I’m a freak or anything like that. I just want this to go toward another night where I know what I think is happening is happening. Because it’s happening right now. Does that make sense?

Sakuya’s already in the room. Are you ready? Try and judge for yourself how sick this is, because I think you’ll agree that it’s absurd. You have to believe me.

And before you think of it, I’m sure that my sister isn’t influencing me in any way. That is an impossibility. How do I know that with so much certainty? Hee hee hee.

Because she’s not the one in control.

Oh look. Sakuya’s talking.

“Have I kept you waiting, milady?”

Sakuya runs a thumb over my sister’s lips, eying her body sitting on the bed.

“Sakuya…Do it….”

Sakuya looms closer until her lips meet my sister’s. As my sister closes her eyes, the maid wastes no time forcing her tongue inside. Within seconds, my sister falls back onto the bed, her head tilting back from the kiss.

“Sak…augh….” My sister gasps for air while Sakuya undoes the buttons to her nightgown.

It’s a pretty twisted reason for putting a nightgown on in the first place, but some nights, Sakuya leaves her fully clothed. Tonight isn’t one of those nights, I guess. The maid clasps a hand around my sister’s mouth, thumb pressing up against the vampire’s chin.

“Lick them.”

See how pitiful my sister looks? She’s so focused on licking that I can hear that hollow echo in her mouth. You know, when you open your mouth and yawn or go “Aaah” to check your teeth. Oh, and my sister’s not hating this. Especially not when that maid is thrusting two fingers in and out of her pussy like that. All while sucking those flat breasts, really just biting her skin. Until my sister breathes through her nose from how intense it all must feel and all that.

Sakuya takes her hand away from my sister’s mouth. She slides it down, with so much saliva on her hand that it leaves a trail from my sister’s chin almost to her stomach. Yes, I can see that much. My sister must like that, too, because she’s wiggling her body like it’s some kind of relaxing bath. That’s pretty sick, if you ask me.

Well, okay. Sakuya hasn’t stopped finger fucking her yet, so maybe that’s why my sister’s shaking so much.

With the sound of blankets shifting under her, my sister comes, twisting her body on her side. Sakuya follows by positioning herself with the movement, and I can see the naughty dripping of fluids on her fingers.

Sister. You’re going to continue falling, aren’t you?

“Sakuya, SAKUYA!” My sister begs, now on her stomach. “Stop!!!”

“No.”

Stupid. Of course she’d answer like that if you’re her property.

I can’t explain how my sister screams, other than it sounds like a bad impression of an agitated cat. No hissing, just yowling. Trying to escape what has to be smaller than a man’s penis still thrusting in and out as she grips the headboard of her bed. I’ve never actually seen this. Sakuya slaps my sister’s ass without much trouble, which somehow makes my sister scream louder than she already is.

My ears hurt.

In a last ditch effort of some kind, my sister throws herself back at Sakuya. It seems to work, at least in that the maid stops to catch her. I assume Sakuya stopped time at some point to remove her outer garmets, since she’s now in her underwear. Bland. It’s black tonight.

“You told me to stop?”

“…!”

My sister freezes. Her body, still twitching from coming earlier, twitches even less now that she’s conditioning herself to obey Sakuya.

“You,” Sakuya pauses here, “told me to stop?”

“N-No, I—umph!”

My sister plops face first into a pillow. Sakuya plants her hands on each of my sister’s butt cheeks and squeezes the flesh. I wince while my sister shoots her head up to shout.

Sakuya is now wearing a strap-on. I don’t actually know where she got it. I learned about what it was the first time she used it a long time ago. I still haven’t found out how Sakuya gets all of her toys. I’ll admit: Sakuya is exceptional at obtaining what she wants without other people knowing how. Over three years of trying to find out is long enough for me to say that.

“Are you ready?” Sakuya positions herself in front of my sister’s pussy.

It would normally be the ass if she were punishing my sister. But considering how sensitive she is right now, it would probably be worse for getting it up that end instead.

My sister doesn’t say anything and nods.

So while Sakuya starts fucking my sister into the bed, let me explain something really quick. It’s important. Don’t worry, I’ll let you know when it gets interesting again. You see, it’s all the same. Sakuya is the maid who can stop time. Remilia is a vampire who can control fate. Big deal, right? But you see, even though my sister’s older than Sakuya, even though she’s supposed to be stronger than Sakuya, blah blah blah, I’ll skip to the point. This is how it is. It’s not some play, or something with someone pulling the strings.

My sister is, both figuratively and literally, Sakuya’s bitch.

You’re not going to get an explanation from me, because I don’t know what the deal is. The best I know is that Sakuya has been in control of my sister since she’s been here. I could ask that librarian, but she’s probably minding her own business and knows just as much as I do. Or chooses to, on both accounts. The gatekeeper wouldn’t know, though she’d be shocked. And any fairy who does know is probably dead.

So last, why am I telling you this now? Well, shouldn’t that be obvious? Some part of you must like the reality of this situation. And that’s all I’ll say about that. Good timing, too. It’s becoming rough.

Sakuya builds her pace to the point that every second she plows forward, my sister’s butt shakes and shivers on impact. It’s a thing she likes to do, going slow like that. If they were actually making love and not just fucking, it’d be…beautiful, I guess? The librarian told me once that many human males like it rough and fast. So that’s what I’m using as a comparison for speed. So I have to guess Sakuya uses it to show my sister and say, “Hey, if I wanted to, I’d fuck you even harder” or something like that. That and the way Sakuya stares at my sister’s back like someone who wants something leads me to think so.

All the while, my sister is either on the verge of passing out, or coming repeatedly and is just unable to make any more noise. If I didn’t know any better, I’d think she was looking at me. (She’s not.) She’s taking in breaths faster than Sakuya is fucking her, her mouth open and fangs bared for air. The bed rocks forward twice and back one, or that’s what it looks like to me. And it smells.

I watch for a minute. Two minutes. Four. Ten. I think my sister passes out at two. It’s no longer than thirty that Sakuya stops, buried to the hilt. She bends over and runs her hand along my sister’s spine.

“Remilia?”

Yes, she doesn’t even bother. That’s what she calls my sister during this time.

Sakuya and my sister move oddly, as if their bodies snap to a position without moving. But this means that Sakuya stopped time. I know why. She does it to “wake” my sister up using that stopped time. A cruel, but efficient way to wake someone up, right?

My sister’s eyes are already focused now, staring at the wall I’m standing in front of.

“S-Sakuya…?”

“Remilia. There’s still another hour.”

If this was a punishment night, it would be until dawn. With the fake excuse that “Milady is sleeping in today.” That line wouldn’t work over a hundred times if it weren’t for the fact that she was a maid. Prim, proper, and graceful.

I don’t have a good angle this time as Sakuya turns my sister to her side, positioning herself behind her. Throwing one of my sister’s legs back and over her own, the maid starts fucking my sister anew while biting her neck. This is normal, too. A good way to show a vampire you’re more powerful than them. That you’re more dominant. At least I think so. It makes sense, doesn’t it?

I don’t have to see it to know that Sakuya is grabbing my sister’s breasts from behind. She’s rubbing them up and down—or right and left from my point of view— while moving her body up and down the bed. My sister’s moans are long and audible, a continuous stream of noise that’s loud when she’s filled and softer when Sakuya draws back. By now I’m used to it, but there’s always that small pool of disgust simmering in my stomach.

My sister comes once. Twice. Three times in two minutes. It really smells now. There are wet puddles on the bed that trail to where they’re lying down now. Another minute or two passes, and Sakuya doesn’t stop or change her pace. My sister passes out again. I know because she stops making noise. But Sakuya doesn’t stop.

It’s not scary. Sakuya knows, and I know. My sister’s body continues to receive pleasure. I will probably never know what that feels like. But since my sister has no say in the matter, and Sakuya likes pushing past my sister’s limits, this is how it plays out.

“Remilia.”

That’s because my sister will respond after passing out once.

“Remilia.” Sakuya whispers again.

“…Huh…? Oh…ah…Ah!”

My sister wakes right back up to be fucked again. Sakuya wraps her arms around my sister’s waist and turns onto her back.

“Sakuya. Sakuyaaaa.”

My sister tries to lift her body up, but the dozens of orgasms she had in the past hour keeps her in Sakuya’s embrace. And Sakuya still doesn’t stop fucking her. Every slow insertion of the strap-on back into my sister pushes another orgasm from her body. My sister’s head leans back over Sakuya’s shoulder, and Sakuya bites the other side of her neck. My sister squirms in her arms. Her back rubs against Sakuya’s breasts, a nipple poking and rubbing back on my sister’s arm and side.

After my sister comes one more time, Sakuya stops. She lifts my sister and places her on the bed, and I assume she stops time again to retrieve one more toy for the night. The strap-on Sakuya has now is double-ended. My sister whines before she can look down at Sakuya pushing one end of the strap-on into her. Placing her legs on the bed, Sakuya positions herself to ride my sister.

“Touch me.”

I cross my arms while my sister obeys by reaching for Sakuya’s chest. The maid could make it easier by leaning over, but I guess she enjoys seeing my sister fail.

“Try harder.”

That’s impossible. My sister settles for Sakuya’s legs, but the maid slams her hands onto my sister’s shoulders.

“I said touch me, not hold me.”

“Ah…ah….”

That’s the sound of “I know but I can’t”. Which makes Sakuya even angrier.

The maid doesn’t say anything. She just starts slamming her hips up and down.

My sister throws her head back and moans. Not scream. Moan. I’ve seen pictures of men riding horses, and I imagine if I saw them riding in front of me, this is what it’d look like. Or at least, that’s always how Sakuya rides my sister, when they’re doing it like this. With legs spread wide, my sister just takes the fucking in her blissful state. Either her body is finally out of juice, in both meanings, or I just can’t hear it for some reason. All I hear now is the creaking of the bed, one two three, and my sister moaning as loud as she can. Which is to say, squeaking like a mouse.

Sakuya stops eventually. Pushing it full hilt into both of them, she slowly draws back by crawling up on the bed. My sister twitches once, but that’s it. Sakuya kisses my sister. Not lightly. Not deeply. It’s enough to make the maid look as though she were tasting something that she made. Maybe it’s the hands. How she presses a hand to one of my sister’s cheeks. I’m pretty sure she’s aligning my sister, though. Seeing how out of it she is, anyway.

This is how it usually ends. My sister’s so sensitive by this time that Sakuya just eats her. And by that, I mean she kisses my sister, sucks on her nipples, licks her, sucks her toes, her fingers, bites an ear, pets her hair. All this for a good thirty minutes. She’ll flip my sister on her back and lick her back. Bite a shoulder. Lots of stuff.

You’d think this is normally how a servent “serves” their master in bed. This last part, I mean. But this is the truth. My sister and Sakuya. This is when I leave, because there’s nothing else that comes after. Sakuya will leave, and my sister will sleep. And everything will change by the time everyone’s awake.

This is how it is.



“Sakuya, tea.”

“Yes, Milady.”

Sakuya pours the tea into the cup outstretched by her master.

“And the state of affairs today?”

“There is nothing worthy of mention to you as of yet.”

Remilia groans. Then, she spots something outside the living room door.

“Oh. Flan.”

The younger sister stares, hand on the open doorway. She takes one look at her sister, then Sakuya. Without a word, Flandre leaves.

Setting the tea down, Sakuya speaks. “Is there something on your mind, Milady?”

Remilia frowns, leaning a cheek onto her fist while crossing her legs on the armchair.

“Not really. Well, actually,” The vampire raises her head off of her fist, “one thing. I just can’t understand why that girl doesn’t look at me right.”

Sakuya bows once for Remilia.

“She’s still young. Perhaps she needs more time?”

At this, Remilia shrugs, eyes closed and hands outstretched to the air.

“Probably.”
“Ah, medicine seller. I'll take one bottle, please.”

“Yes, right away. Here you are!”

“Of course, sir.”

“Tired?”

“Huh?!” The unexpected comment, not part of the usual script, suddenly shocks you out of your trance. Selling medicine in the village is easy and requires no real thought, so you tend to just go on autopilot. People just ask for whatever they need, and you'd need to bring them back to Eientei for any kind of real diagnosis. “Um, sorry, what was that, sir?”

“Oh, I just asked if you were tired.” Suddenly forced to pay attention to your work, you take a quick look around. Your current customer is a young man, probably in his mid twenties, tall, black hair, average build, bit of muscle on his arms but nothing too prominent. Probably a farmer. He requested a bottle and you already have your hand on the packet, so you didn't mess up his request or anything. You're still in the human village on your route, and haven't wandered off or anything – which would be quite worrying.

“No? I don't feel tired. Why do you ask?” You feel fine, but it's always possible there's some problem that's invisible to you but not to others. It might be necessary to return to Eientei early and ask Master for a checkup, or even to find lodging in the human village...

“Well, your face is red, your breathing is a bit heavy, you're fidgeting a little, and it looks like you're having trouble focusing. I was worried the summer heat was getting to you.”

Red face, heavy breathing... “Oh, there's no need to worry about that.” You pause and take another look at the man. Big and decently strong, probably lots of stamina from working in the fields, would therefore also appreciate a break, and seems to be interested in you. He seems perfect. A quick look around shows that no one else is within earshot of you. “Actually, it may be something you can help me with, if you have some time to spare. Are you interested?”

“Sure, I'll help you if I can. What do you need, some cool water?” He smiles a bit nervously, embarrassed but also eager to help you.

“No no, nothing like that. If you didn't know, I'm a rabbit youkai,” you say while lifting your hat to expose your perky ears. Then you cover them again, since while most villagers don't mind, it still prevents problems. “And right now is mating season for rabbits.” Being so close to so many men while selling medicine has made your body flush with desire. Ironically, this man's concern for you has suddenly made you conscious of the growing heat in your pussy.

“Yes, it's mating season right now and... er, wait, then... when you asked for help...”

“I want you to fuck me and cum in my pussy,” you say simply. Subtlety isn't your strong point. The man stares at you with his mouth agape, then swallows after a few seconds. “Well?”

“Yes, I'll, um, I mean, I'd love to. How, or, uh, where, should we-”

“Just follow me,” you say, cutting off his stammering. “I know a good place for this.”

You take the lead and head towards the place. It's not far from here, but the aching in your crotch still urges you to walk quickly. The man doesn't say anything and just follows you, his footsteps the only clue that he hasn't run off scared. After turning onto deserted street, you step into a small alleyway, well away from any prying eyes. A bit of sunlight streams down from the top, partially obscured by the surrounding buildings. That's about the only flavor to this empty alley. No one comes to this street this time of year.

“Ready?” you ask, mostly to confirm that he's still willing.

He takes a second to look around. “Here?” he asks, bewildered. “I was expecting something a little more, well, romantic.”

“I am not a romantic. Do you want to put it in or not?”

Despite his apparent concerns, he voices his affirmation almost instantly. Smiling at his new found eagerness, you pull on your sash to unfasten your outer vest, then quickly pull your pants off. You want to hurry up and get penetrated, but you put on a small show for removing your panties. First you slowly slide them down to your ankles, then you lift each leg up far higher than necessary, giving him short flashes of your slit before finally turning to face him, completely bottomless and already dripping wet.

He's still not naked, and spent the duration of your time-wasting show staring at your naked flesh instead of taking off his own clothes. It wasn't useless, at least, as you can see a bulge in his kimono. He might be expecting you to undress him yourself or some other nonsense; you put an end to any thoughts of that by leaning against the wall and sticking your ass out towards him.

“Hey... hurry up and stick it in me,” you try to beg. You don't really know how to make your voice “sweet” or anything, but that shouldn't really be necessary when you're presenting yourself this directly.

The gentle rustling of clothes from behind you tells you that he's doing his job and getting his cock out. A short while later, the sound of his footsteps approaching you can be heard as he overcomes any nervousness and prepares to shove his thick, meaty cock into your hungry cunt. He stops moving right behind you...

And his hand touches your base ass. Not to grip your waist for support or anything useful, just a simple grab of your posterior. His fingers sink into your supple flesh, firmly grabbing onto your buttocks, then move around to sample more of your back. It doesn't feel bad or anything, but... it's not fucking.

“Hey...” you try again, “I'm begging you. I need your cock inside me!” Geez, you even told him you're in heat, so why's he still fooling around?

Maybe it's just foreplay? You saw a bulge, but maybe that still wasn't fully erect, and he needs some more time to get ready.

“Sorry, did you need help getting it up?” you ask while looking back to face him again. As you thought, he's still red with embarrassment. “I'm pretty good with my mouth, so I think that'll work-” You stop when you glance down and see his penis, which is unquestionably erect and very nearly throbbing with desire. It's a good length, good thickness, has a wonderful slight upward curve, so why isn't it inside you yet? Just looking at it is making the constant throbbing worse. “Please just fuck me,” you say simply.

“I can't just, just penetrate you like that! I mean, you gotta get ready, and, uh, the mood!”

“I told you, I'm in heat. It is extremely uncomfortable. My entire body is crying out for you to fuck my pussy and fill my womb with your thick cum. I need it. I'm already past ready and there is no mood: just fuck me. I asked for your help, so please give it to me. All you need to do is plunge it in.”

The man finally gives in. He places both his hands on your waist, lines his tip up with your quivering slit, and pushes forward until his hips slap against your ass, driving the full length of his cock into your depths. Your legs nearly give out and you let out a drawn out moan of pleasure as a quick orgasm washes over your body. His delay made you far more sensitive than usual.

Your pussy constricts around his shaft, as if trying to stop it from escaping, but he stills pulls it out and quickly slams it back in. Another wave of pleasure flows through your body as the bulging tip of his cock spreads your insides. The excessive lubrication makes it easy for him to move despite your tightness, which he takes full advantage of by repeatedly plunging in and out of your cunt. The fierceness of his assault makes you moan up against the building, as the combination of pleasure and the impact makes your arms give out.

His thick cock scrapes against your sensitive walls, eliciting a moan of pleasure from you with every thrust. The rhythmic movements leave you gasping for air, and every time he pulls back makes you yearn to be filled again. It feels amazing to finally have that burning itch scratched, but there's still something missing.

A second orgasm starts to build. You're extra receptive today, thanks to the frustration of how long it's been since you last got laid, plus the man's earlier groping. He seems to be close as well, judging by how much his cock is trembling inside of you. Your body craves release, so it's time you took matters into your own hands.

You clench your thighs while his dick is buried deep inside of you and caress his length with your folds, alternating squeezing and releasing motions to stimulate his shaft. The sudden movement brings him over the edge and he climaxes. His first shot of hot, thick semen sprays against your womb and your legs nearly give out from the overwhelming relief. It still causes you to fall forward, but your arms against the building and the support from his hands on your hips lets you catch yourself, although you still end up horizontal. This also pushes your ass towards him, sinking his cock slightly deeper into your pussy.

His cum pours into you in thick bursts, filling your lower body with an intoxicating warmth. It feels like every shot brings you to orgasm, and the intense pleasure makes your vision flash white. And then it ends all too quickly. You lost track after around the sixth shot, but your womb isn't full. He tries to pull out after he's spent, but your tight walls resist for a few more seconds, desperately hoping to squeeze out another drop. But you give up after a few seconds and let his softening penis out. There's enough inside you to sate you for a few days, but...

“Hey,” you say suddenly, without moving away from the wall. “You're up for a second round, right?”

“Huh? Oh, yeah. Yeah! Definitely am. Just, uh, gimme a minute or two, okay?” You're no stranger to the male refractory period, so the delay isn't surprising. “Hey, can I rub it against your butt while we wait? I think it'll get hard faster that way.”

“Go ahead.” Anything that gets you penetrated quicker is good.

“Thanks. You have a gorgeous butt.” You thank him for the compliment. He places both his hands on your hips, as if he was about to enter you again, but obviously doesn't. “And a cute tail, too.” You thank him again. Then something suddenly occurs to you.

“Just don't rub your dick against my tail or anything. It's just really hard to clean.”

He assures you that he won't and begins pressing his partially flaccid penis against you. First he pokes it against your slit, covering it in even more of your pussy juice and the small bit of his cum that leaked out. It's not hard enough to really feel good, and if anything just makes you more anxious for a proper fucking.

After a few back and forths, he takes a step backwards and presses his dick against your left butt cheek. The gooey sex fluids slowly run down your curves as he works them into your skin; the warmth is pleasant although it does feel a little odd. But if it gets him excited, he's welcome to do it. At the same time, he grabs onto your right cheek and gently kneads his fingers into your firm flesh, just like before.

His shaft gradually stiffens as he touches your butt. After a short while, he switches cheeks and begins rubbing it against your right side, repeating the same motions. Instead of groping you, his free hand instead moves up and abruptly grabs onto your tail. You wonder if he was hoping for some dramatic reaction out of you, as he keeps his hand still for a bit before moving onto to rubbing his palm against your fluff.

“Hey, isn't it hard enough already?” While your butt is not capable of exact measurements, his penis feels ready for proper sex now. “Hurry up and fuck me!”

“Hmm? Oh, sorry. Your butt is just too cute.” He gives an insincere-sounding apology, but does stop rubbing his penis against your ass. His shaft presses against your slit a few seconds later and he pushes it forward, gently pressing it against your swollen lips. Is he teasing me again? you think to yourself, but after the third time, he raises his hips slightly and pushes his tip into your pussy.

His length slowly scrapes against your walls as he gently moves forward, driving it deep into your body. You moan as your pussy is slowly filled by his hard cock. Despite already being loosened up and his leftover cum lubricating your insides, his insertion is still almost painfully slow. It didn't sound like he was fatigued or anything, and he was certainly excited to go another round, so where did his earlier ferocity go?

He stops moving for a brief but agonizing moment once his entire length is inside of you. You hoped that he was just taking it easy for the first thrust and would resume pounding you with vigor, but he pulls out and back in with the same slowness. It still feels good, but much like his easier teasing, it simply leaves you craving more.

It's clear that he's not going to pound you in earnest again. His gentle thrusts make you moan despite yourself, but it's clear that you'll have to handle your satisfaction yourself. You inch forward while he's pulling back, then quickly slam backwards and drive his thick cock into your depths as soon as he starts moving forward. Being filled so quickly after a few minutes of teasingly slow sex makes you gasp out in pleasure, and his tip throbs invitingly against your womb as if it's about to unload already and fill you to the brim. It doesn't, but it won't take much longer.

You drive your hips back and forth, matching the man's movements but with far greater intensity. He neither slows down from the surprise of your sudden initiative, nor speeds up to match your faster pace, forcing you to match his steady rhythm. This is just as well, as it makes it a lot easier to move your hips, especially since you can't see what he's doing from this position.

His hips slap against yours as your rough movements drive his long shaft deep into your soaked pussy. He's forcing you to move instead of just letting you enjoy yourself, so you at least want him to cum again soon. You think you can hear him moaning, but it's hard to tell over your own grunts of pleasure. But there's no way he isn't enjoying your body.

Your body tenses up as you can feel another orgasm building. But you force yourself to endure it. You need his cum deep inside of you, and you don't know how close he is. The burning pleasure makes your movements uncoordinated and rough, but you still shake your hips back and forth to desperately milk his cock. Every throb inside of you makes you quiver with relief, making you think he's about to burst. But he doesn't.

The searing pleasure overwhelms you and you cry out as you climax, your back arching in response to the thick cock deep inside of you. He finally releases as your pussy clamps down on his shaft, ejaculating thick and hot semen directly into your womb. The overwhelming feeling of relief of being cured of your affliction, at least for another week, pairs with the explosive pleasure of your orgasm, and you slump against the wall and moan wordlessly as more and more cum pours into you. A small bit of drool drips down from your mouth, a final testament to the intensity of your orgasm.

He pulls out of you once his dick stops twitching inside your pussy. Some of his cum pools out and drips down your thighs a bit, but the vast majority of his massive load stays in your womb where it belongs.

It takes a small bit of time before you can stand again, although you find yourself able to think more clearly as soon as the afterglow subsides. Your stupid body's unending urges to ride a dick have faded now that you've been properly fucked, letting you focus your thoughts on more important matters. You'll probably be able to help Master tonight with her research, rather than needing to go to bed right after selling medicine to masturbate.

“Haaaaa.... Ah, haaaaa... Oh man. That was amazing.” The young man suddenly grabs your attention with his labored breathing. He's sitting on the ground, his dick still out but completely flaccid, and looking up at you with a stupid grin on his face. “Thank you. You were incredible.”

“Hmm? Yeah, you were pretty good too. Thank you for helping me deal with my urges.”

“Oh, yeah. About that. Um, you said it was mating season... and you were in heat, and I just... um, so, are you pregnant now?”

“No. There's no need to worry about anything like that. We're fundamentally different species, even though I have the form of a human, so it isn't possible for you to impregnate me. I wouldn't ask for your help if there was any chance of pregnancy, as having children would be too troublesome. However, having sex and being filled with semen as if to cause pregnancy fools my body into thinking that it may become pregnant, despite the sperm being wholly incompatible. Thus, it stops sending me signals to find a buck and present myself. It's basically a placebo, and will only last for about a week or two, but it's very effective and non-invasive.”

“Er, oh.” The man sits there and watches you for a bit without saying anything. You watch him back for a few seconds, in case he wanted to continue that conversation, but doesn't. Instead you reach down and pick up your discarded panties and pants. He's still watching you, but whatever – it doesn't really bother you.

You slide your panties back on and notice him finally taking care of his own appearance. Not that he has much to do – he just straightens out his pants and tucks his cock away, then stands up and brushes off his butt. Once you've put your pants back on, he looks back towards you and takes a step closer.

“Um, I hope this isn't too presumptuous or anything, but... will I get to see you again sometime?” He asks hopefully.

“I don't see why not,” you respond. “I'll still be around selling medicine almost every day.”

“Huh? Oh. Oh, right, of course.” He seems disappointed for some reason. “Thank you.”

“Now, please excuse me. I do need to return to my duties.” With that, you bow towards him and return to the more populated streets.

After you finish selling medicine, you return to Eientei. You feel a lot better now that your body has calmed down, allowing you to help out Master over the next few days, have a relaxing tea ceremony with the Princess, finish reading two books you picked up in the human village, clean your room, and practice your calligraphy.

Of course, the year is not yet over.



You walk through the streets of the human village, selling medicine to people in need. The air is getting colder and the days are getting shorter, but it's still summer. The beneficial effects of getting laid wore off a few days ago, and as a result your body has been assaulted by a weak but constant aching. It's mild enough to endure it, but it does stop you from doing anything more interesting than masturbating at night.

Still, the year is almost over, so the urges should go away on their own if you can just bear it a little longer. Every day out here selling medicine among the crowd is another day closer to peace and quiet. Even if you'd rather be back at Eientei, sliding a thick dildo in and out of your cunt to dull the ache.

“Tired?” A man's voice suddenly snaps you out of your distracted daydreaming.

“Huh?! Ah, no, not really.” This seems familiar. You give the man a closer look: tall, black hair, kinda muscular... “Oh, you're that man from the other day. Hello again.”

“Ah, you remember me!” he exclaims happily. “Well, I thought your face was a little flushed again, and it has been two weeks, so I was honestly wondering if you, ahem, needed a little more help.”

You take a moment to think it over. Mating season is almost over, so you didn't think it would be necessary to have sex again until spring. Being told of visible symptoms is a bit of a surprise, as you thought everything was under control. On the other hand, even if your urges aren't too bad, they're still annoying, and are negatively affecting your concentration. Plus, he was pretty good.

“Hmm,” you mutter. “I think that would be good, yes. But not now. I'm still busy, and need to finish my work. How about tonight; is that fine with you?”

“Yeah, that'd be great. But where and when would we meet?”

“I was just going to come over to your house when I was finished. Is that a problem?”

“Huh? No, not at all! I live at the village. I'll see you tonight, then!”

“Yes. Good day. I do need to get back to work now.” You give him a quick bow and turn away, heading to another busy street where people might need medicine.

Once the sun starts to set, you pack up and head back to Eientei. It's a little early, but you sold plenty today. And you have somewhere to be tonight. Upon arriving, you put away the remaining medicine, change into your usual blazer and miniskirt, and immediately head back to the village to find the man's house.

You walk up to what should be his house and knock on the door. The quarter moon is the only source of natural light, but it's not so late that he would be asleep already. After you knock a second time, the man opens the door and greets you with a smile.

“Ah, hello! I'm glad you're here. Come in, come in.” You do so and step into the house, returning his greetings. “Can I get you anything, tea perhaps?”

“No,” you say immediately, as you're just here to get fucked. But maybe it'd be better to be more diplomatic about this. “Perhaps after sex? I'm sure we both want to get to it quickly.”

“Ah, yeah, of course. I'll show you to my room.” He starts walking further into the house, and you follow after him. “By the way, that's a nice outfit. It's looks great on you. Did you change into that just for tonight?”

“No, this is what I usually wear. I change back into this after day after selling medicine. It's just a very uncommon outfit in Gensokyo, and it leaves my ears visible, so it attracts too much unwanted attention.” You don't think you'll ever get used to wearing pants. A miniskirt is just so much more comfortable and breezy, not to mention how much easier it is to change into than your medicine seller getup.

“Oh. Well, it still looks great.”

You take a quick look around once you step inside his room. There's a few scattered books lying around, some clothes on the floor, a broom and a shovel leaning against the wall, two calligraphy scrolls hung up, and most importantly, a futon wide enough for two.

“Sorry about the mess, haha...” he says sheepishly, thinking you were being critical of him for looking around.

“No, it's no problem at all. There's plenty of space for us. Well, shall we begin?”

You take off your skirt and panties with a single movement once he gives the affirmative. This time he doesn't faff about and starts undressing as well, and his penis comes out quickly. It's also flaccid.

“Don't worry, I can take care of that,” you say while eyeing his dick, and step onto the futon, then get down on your knees, facing him. “Could you come closer? It's a lot more comfortable to do this on something soft.”

“Eh? A blowjob? Yeah, of course, thank you!” He says excitedly, but doesn't actually move. Instead he just looks you over for a second. “Um, if it isn't too much to ask, could you take your shirt off too?”

You don't really have any reason to keep it on, so you reply in the affirmative and unbutton it from the top. The man watches with bated breath and lets out an audible gasp when your cleavage comes into view. Your bra comes off shortly after your shirt, letting your heavy breasts drop against your chest. He's stuck there, his eyes glued to your tits and feet stuck to the floor. The only part of him that's moving is his dick, which is slowly coming to life. But not quickly enough, so you raise your index finger and beckon him closer, reminding him that he can do more than just watch.

He finally comes close enough for you to attend to him. You wrap one arm around his waist for support and gently lift his penis with your other hand, then run your tongue over its entire length. It's still too soft, making licking it uncomfortable, so you simply take it all into your mouth. The penis twitches and throbs invitingly as it hardens against your tongue, and its owner groans from the moist caress. You think you can hear him muttering some compliments and moans, but you focus entirely on sucking and teasing his cock, urging him to become ready.

It hardens quickly, and you start to use your tongue as well, alternating between slowly brushing it against his corona and underside and gentle suckling. You keep your movements slow and drawn out, lest he accidentally cum in your mouth, but the man's pleased groans make it clear he's enjoying your work. Now that it's longer, you're forced to adjust your movements, and glide your lips back and forth along his cock, stopping when the tip touches your throat. The forward movement causes your breasts to bump against his leg, and you catch him moving a tiny bit closer in order to feel more of your soft cleavage. His shaft throbs invitingly against your tongue, now fully hard and eager for release.

You pull away from his shaft and abruptly stop your fellatio, leaving his shaft glistening with your saliva and throbbing for more. The comparatively cold air stings the man, who looks down in a mix of surprise and annoyance that you aren't continuing. Meanwhile, you scoot backwards to get into a better position on the futon.

“Why'd you have to stop? I was so close!”

You lie down on the futon and raise your ass, presenting your dripping pussy to the man. “Do you want to cum in my mouth that badly? Wouldn't you rather finish down here?” To further drive the point, you press your index finger against your slit and push it in to the first knuckle and back out. Your overflowing juices coat your digit and slowly drip down toward your hand, demonstrating your readiness.

He answers by grabbing onto your hips and pressing his cock against your entrance. Despite your wetness and the saliva coating his dick, the suddenly insertion is still difficult. Your walls expand quickly to accept him, but they're still incredibly tight and resist his slow but relentless advance. It's a little painful, but the pleasure of having your hot cunt churned up by a strong, thick cock more than overpowers the relatively mild discomfort. Really, you shouldn't have waited this long to relieve your mating urges.

His tip kisses your womb once his full length is finally inside of you. He holds this for a second, and you can feel a tiny drop of his precum dripping against your insides. The taste of what's to come excites you, and you find yourself gently rocking your hips back and forth despite yourself, as if urging him to resume violating you. He gets the message and promptly pulls back out, your tight walls clinging to the bumps on his cock, and begins fucking you with a fast-paced rhythm that makes you moan deeply with every plunge.

Thanks to your interrupted blowjob, his endurance is weakened, and he quickly climaxes, filling your pussy with his thick semen. His cock twitches inside you as it continues to ejaculate and stain your walls. It's not enough to make you cum as well, but the heat still makes you groan with a mixture of pleasure and relief.

The man pulls out of you once his penis calms down and plops down onto the futon with a groan. After a few seconds, you get up as well and sit down near him. Both of you are breathing heavily from the exertion, but hardly exhausted. You know from your previous experience with him that he's good for another round. Since your symptoms were so mild, the large amount he released inside you should be enough to cure you, probably until the end of the year. On the other hand, it never hurts to get laid again, and you didn't even reach orgasm.
 “Hey,” the man suddenly says after a short silence, “can we do it missionary next?”

“What, from the front?” you ask. He's already decided that there's going to be a second round... not that you have any reason to decline. Although you might decline on the position, as you do prefer doing it from behind.

“Yeah. If it isn't too much to ask. I mean, I'd like to be able to see your beautiful face while we make love,” he says, his eyes occasionally drifting to your boobs.

“Well, alright. Are you ready now?” You don't really care either way about his insincere flattery, especially when his true intentions are so obvious. Having sex in a different position once in a while won't hurt anything, so you might as well let him enjoy himself.

“Yep!” With that, he places both his hands on your shoulders and gently pushes you back down onto the futon, this time on your back. His face is uncomfortably close to yours, but it moves back a bit as he positions himself on top of you. The tip of his penis brushes against your engorged pussy lips just for a second before he drops his hips and plunges deep inside of you. His cum and your wetness make insertion easy this time, and his cock forces open your sensitive walls and makes your body shudder from the intense pleasure. Immediate penetration with no hesitation or delays; just how you like it.

You moan as his thick shaft scrapes against your walls. His fierce thrusts already have you feeling like you're going to cum, although there's no way you'd let yourself before he finishes inside you. Despite his earlier interest in your chest, his eyes are now firmly locked on your parted lips, and he pays no attention to your tits even as they bounce up and down in tune with his thrusts. It's somewhat odd how much attention he's giving to your face, and you find yourself automatically averting your eyes from his. You can still feel your face glowing crimson, but you want him to keep pounding you, so you don't say anything.

A moist heat on your nipple pulls your attention back, and you find that the man has moved down and begun playing with your tits. He roughly squeezes and caresses your left breast with one hand while using his mouth on your other breast, alternating between light kisses and suckling your erect nipple. Despite his seemingly single-minded focus on your boobs, he keeps shaking his hips at a consistent pace and varies his movements to scrape his penis against different parts of your pussy with each thrust.

The man's attentions have you quivering in place as the pleasure threatens to make you orgasm without him. Even though your boobs aren't especially sensitive, the stimulation there plus his grinding against your slick and aching walls is more than you can bear. You really don't want to climax by yourself without another hot load inside of you to keep your urges suppressed, so you try to at least think of something other than his thick cock plunging in and out of your dripping cunt, bumping against the entrance to your womb, radiating an intoxicating heat in your depths.

That didn't work, so you're left with just uselessly panting on the floor, waiting for him to finish pleasuring himself with your vagina. This position is just too foreign for you to properly enjoy yourself. It feels great, but that's the problem: it feels too good. The position lets him thrust deeper and harder into your pussy, and there's nothing you need to do, since your weight is supported by your back, not your arms and legs. Just having them sit against the floor is rather awkward on their own, so maybe if you held on to something it'd help take your mind off the searing pleasure. But all that's available is...

You wrap your arms around the man, criss-crossing them around his back and lightly grabbing onto his shoulders, then do the same with your legs and hold on to his waist. The unexpected contact causes him to stumble and lose his rhythm, planting his face between your breasts and completely pulling out of your pussy. Maybe you should've said something first. He places both hands on the futon to fix his position and quickly plunges his cock back inside of you before you can even think to move your legs back to make it easier for him.

His dick ejaculates as soon as its all the way inside you, finally filling you with the semen you've been waiting for. You immediately give in to the pleasure and let yourself orgasm together with him, your body convulsing as you both moan together in ecstasy. Your arms and legs, already wrapped around him, tighten on their own and hold him against you, pressing his warm chest against your voluptuous tits and stops him from being able to pull out of you until you're satisfied. His cock continues to throb and fill you with his hot semen, and you don't release him until it finally stops a full minute later. Exhausted and fully satisfied, you lie flat on the futon, sprawled out, awake but with your eyes closed.

The weight disappears from your chest and you can hear some moving about as the man gets off of you. A few seconds pass before he speaks.

“Oh, did you want to spend the night?” His tone makes you think that he's joking, but...

“Would it be alright if I did?” You are, quite frankly, exhausted. Today wasn't an especially long day or anything, but maybe getting fucked so hard took a lot out of you. In any event, you have no desire to go out into the cold night and try to find your way through the bamboo forest back to Eientei. While you wouldn't be in any danger and have no difficulty at all seeing in the dark, you'd much rather just sleep here, in a stranger's house, than sleep alone in your normal bed.

“Huh? Oh, no, I mean yes, it's no trouble at all! Well, that is the only futon, so as long as you don't...”

“We've already had sex,” you say, cutting him off. “Twice. Of course I don't mind sleeping together.”

“Ah, right. That is true.” He pauses for a few seconds. “Did you want to go to sleep now?”

“Yes, I'm pretty tired, and I usually go to sleep early. But don't feel obligated to turn in yourself. I can sleep with the lights on if there's still anything you need to do.”

“Not really, so I'll join you now.” You can hear him walking through the room and blowing out the candles. The dim light on your closed eyes fades with each loud breath until it becomes total darkness, followed by the man's footsteps approaching you. He lies down next to you, pulls a blanket over the two of you, and huddles close to you. His left arm drapes across your chest, touching the bottoms of your breasts, while his face nuzzles close to your cheek. Even his flaccid dick touches your leg, since you're both still naked. Not that you mind any of this. A few minutes later, you drift off to sleep.

You wake up before the sun rises, as usual, and spend a few seconds lying still to remind yourself why you're in an unfamiliar house. Your partner from last night is still sound asleep close to you, but shifted away a bit in his slumber. He's currently on his back and his arm is still draped over your chest, but his face isn't so close to your own anymore. Which is good, as it makes things convenient for you.

Moving carefully to avoid waking him, you gently lift his hand and scoot away from him you're off the futon, then carefully lower his hand to the floor. Then you stand up, quietly gather your discarded clothes and put them on, and head out the door. Fortunately you did all this without interrupting the man's sleep; it's important for humans to sleep undisturbed, after all, and they aren't well suited for a lunar rabbit's sleeping schedule.

The sun is just barely starting to rise as you step outside, the first orange rays barely illuminating the village. You'll be late in returning to Eientei, but hopefully Master won't be upset. You didn't tell her your plans when you stopped by to drop off your medicine and change your clothes, but hopefully she'll understand what kept you from returning last night.

You make the long journey back to Eientei, change your clothes, and head back to the village to sell medicine. It's nearly noon by the time you return, leaving you busy for the remainder of the day while you make up for lost time.

Time passes and the shorter and colder days mean no biological urges interrupting your focus with constant thoughts of impregnation. You're able to focus on selling medicine to the villagers to help prevent winter illnesses and working with Master to develop new ones. It's a time of peace and tranquility for you.

Then spring comes.

After an uneventful day of trying to sell medicine at the village, you return to Eientei much earlier than usual. Perhaps everyone is too busy enjoying the warm spring air and bountiful sunlight to get sick. Whatever the case, almost no one needed any medicine, so you managed to complete your rounds around the village in record time.

You head to your room to change into your casual clothes, but stop just outside the door. Noises. Someone is in your room. It's probably nothing dangerous, but you aren't going to risk barging in unprepared.

Holding your ear up against the wall, you listen in for a few seconds. There's plenty of movement, so it can't be any kind of ambush. Maybe searching for something – a thief? Your room is probably the last place a thief would look, however. Some voices... multiple people, unless they just enjoy talking to themselves.

And then you make out a woman moaning. So it's just some jerks having sex in your room. Hopefully it isn't Master again, seducing the youth by trying to squeeze herself into your clothes. You open the door a crack and look in so you can determine how angry you should be at the perpetrators.

Oh, it's just Tewi. She's lying on her back with a male rabbit gripping her leg, and taking a relatively large penis considering her petite frame. Their sides are facing you so there's no way for them to notice you like this, especially considering how enraptured both seem to be. Your eyes are drawn to Tewi's small breasts as they sway with every powerful thrust, the way she grips the fabric of your semen-stained bed, the sweat and sexual fluids dripping down her thighs and cheeks, the slightly dazed look in her eyes as she stares lovingly at her partner, her slightly parted lips as she softly moans with his every move...

Dammit.

You slam open and door and barge in, practically ripping off your clothes as you stomp through the room. Tewi and her partner practically fall over from shock and stumble upon themselves.

“Huh? Reisen?! What're you doing back al- why are you stripping?!”

“Shut up! This is your fault!” you yell, pausing to unwind your bandages. Can't walk and remove these damned things at the same time. So inconvenient. Once that's done you head to your chest of drawers.

“Well I'm not gonna let you steal him from me. I found him first, and we've already jo- wait, huh?” She yelling as you get dressed, hurriedly buttoning your shirt over your bare breasts. No time for underwear, and you won't have them on for too long, so hopefully it won't be a problem.

Once your skirt is on, you turn around and walk back to the door. You then lean forward and yell, “And stop having sex in other people's rooms!” and then slam the door closed.

It's already twilight when you leave. The aching in your pussy compels you to walk quickly, but the human village is still far away. You don't arrive until the sun has gone down completely. It's still early in the year, so the nights are still long and cool, but that doesn't seem to matter to your womb. There weren't any symptoms until just now, but seeing Tewi's expressions of absolute rapture and her exceptionally virile partner made you want to kick her off your bed and ride that long cock until it came inside you twenty times and knocked you up.

Which is precisely why you're hurrying back to the human village. It's too late in the day to really hunt for a man, but you're pretty sure you know where one lives. Even if it's been five months, you're confident that you can find his house again.

You knock on the door and wait for him to answer. It occurs to you that you have no idea if he's home or not, and even if he is, he's certainly not expecting you. You ran into him in the village a few times, but since you weren't in heat, you never did anything with him beyond exchanging a few forced greetings. Regardless, there's no harm in trying, as you have no idea what to do about this sudden ache if he isn't available to fuck you until you can't walk.

The sound of approaching footsteps from inside the house tells you that is he, at the very least, home. You breathe a sigh of relief, even though he hasn't actually agreed to anything yet.

“Yes? Can I h- huh?!”

A quick glance behind him doesn't show anyone else within earshot, although they certainly could still be behind a corner or something. You really don't know anything about this man, so it's perfectly possible that asking for sex could be troublesome for him. The best you can do in this situation is to keep your voice down. “Hi. Can we fuck?”

The man blinks in surprise, but recovers quickly. “Does this mean you're in heat again?” he asks.

“Yes,” you answer succinctly. He doesn't say anything else immediately so you add, “So can I come in?”

“Of course, of course,” he says, gesturing for you to enter. You do so and stop in the hallway after taking off your shoes. “It'll be a few minutes before I can get out the futon. Would you like some tea or-”

“No,” you interrupt, but catch yourself. “Sorry, can we just do it right here?” you ask a bit more politely, and unhook your skirt without waiting for his response. His eyes are naturally drawn to the movement of your falling garment, but remain fixated on your exposed pussy. It's soaked wet and waiting for his cock, and your thighs are dripping wet from walking around in this state.

“Ah, yeah... yeah, here's fine. I'm not erect, thought, so it'll still take a few minutes.”

“I figured as much. Just rub it against my pussy again or something.”

You lean up against the wall and stick your ass out, giving him a good view of your nether regions. This isn't the most comfortable area, but the hallway is just barely wide enough to accommodate two people. It doesn't matter how little time is needed to set up the futon for a more relaxed environment, as any amount of time is too much. At the very least, rubbing himself against your pussy should get him harder and ready for sex much quicker than laying out a futon.

The man grabs your hips from behind and begins slowly rubbing his penis against your pussy lips and thighs. It's mostly flaccid but you can feel it growing erect quickly. His gentle movements still have you breathing heavily in just a few seconds, both from the pleasure and the anticipation of what's to come. Not satisfied with holding on to your bare hips, he moves one hand up and gropes your right tit, giving it a firm squeeze through your shirt. After quickly discovering that you aren't wearing a bra, he moves on to pinching your erect nipple, and the odd sensation of his fingers through the fabric makes you gasp.

“Hey, can I ask you something?” the man suddenly asks. He continues stimulating himself against you without faltering, so it shouldn't hurt anything. You answer in the affirmative. “Do you enjoy sex?”

Where'd that come from? “Of course I do.” Just him rubbing his dick against your pussy lips feels pleasurable, even if it mostly makes you yearn to be filled. “So please get hard quickly, so we can move on to real sex.”

“That's not quite what I mean. You're a rabbit, so you have urges during mating season, and need to have sex. That's what you told me, if I remember correctly. But you don't have sex when you don't need to, do you?” Is he upset because you didn't sleep with him for almost half a year? “I don't need to have sex or anything, but I still want to have sex with you, because you're beautiful and have a great body. In other words, I enjoy having sex with you. A lot. And it may be selfish, but I'd like for you to enjoy having sex with me as well. So, do you?”

“By that criteria, no. I'm just not really interested in having sex when I don't need to.”

“I see.” You imagine he's disappointed, although he doesn't really sound it. Nor does your answer interrupt his steady rhythm of slowly thrusting back and forth, gently pressing his hard shaft against your engorged lips. Perhaps he just expected your response. “Well, I still plan to fuck you until neither of us can move. So hopefully you'll enjoy tonight at least.”

The tip of his cock just barely pushes past your lips, causing your pussy to quiver with expectation. Your hips shake on their own, desperately trying to push the thick rod inside of you, but it remains just barely out of reach, constantly pressing against your entrance and doing nothing more. “Yes, please do. I'm looking forward to it.”

“One more thing,” he says. The heat from his shaft alone is becoming unbearable, and the constant rubbing but nothing more is making your pussy ache more than when you first arrived. You want his cock inside you. “I'd like to try a bunch of different positions. I get the feeling that you only like doing it from behind like this. You might enjoy sex more if you experiment a bit, even if it means doing things you aren't immediately comfortable with. Like looking at your partner during sex.”

“Yes... that's fine,” you manage to say between gasps. The angle of his thrusts changes slightly and his tip brushes against your erect clitoris, causing you to cry out from the sharp pleasure coursing through your body. Come to think of it, hasn't his cock been fully erect for a while now? “...Isn't it time for you to put it in yet?”

“Hmm... not quite. You're not ready just yet.”

.........Huh? “You're not ready”? What about him?! Your pussy is wants, needs to be filled, and has been soaking wet since you walked in on Tewi. “What do you mean by that? I'm ready! Hurry up and fuck me!”

“The longer I wait, the better it'll feel when I finally put it in. Remember our first time in the alley, and it felt incredible after I rubbed it against you? It's like that. Part of the experimentation I mentioned earlier. Just bear with it a little longer.”

And how long is that going to be? No, that doesn't matter – any amount of time is too long. This buildup is ridiculous and unnecessary, given how badly you've needed a dick since before even coming to the village. You try to lower your hips and force his cock inside of you, but the position is too bad for you to do any kind of effective movement. All you manage to do is push your vagina against his throbbing shaft, accomplishing exactly what he's trying to do himself.

“I'm not going to wait,” you try to state plainly, but your voice is undoubtedly far more sultry than you intend. It's not good for making demands, but you're stuck. “If you aren't going to fuck me, then I'll just find someone else to care care of my needs.”

“No you won't,” he replies with complete certainty. “Think about it: how long do you really think I can go like this? I'm near my limit, I assure you. And do you really think you could find someone else to sleep with in the middle of the night in less time than it'd take me to give in?”

He's right. Even if you knew anyone else in the village – and you don't – there's no way you'd be able to get to them in less time than it'd take for this man to give in. Even his neighbors would be too far away, comparatively. Trying to explain your situation to a stranger in the middle of the night would probably just result in Reimu having an unpleasant “talk” with you. But that means you don't have a bargaining chip, leaving you at his mercy.

“What will it take for you to fuck me right now? Please!” you plead. The problem with his assurance of “how long can I really last?” is that you don't know how long that is. Most men wouldn't even try to endure.

“Hmm, well,” he thinks aloud, “if a super-sexy girl like you were to spread her legs and earnestly beg for my dick, there's no way I could hold out for another second.” His dick finally stops rubbing moving, staying still against your lips. It's up to you to act now.

Your legs are already spread, but you make an effort to widen them a bit without losing your balance. “Please shove your big, thick cock into my dripping wet cunt, stir up my insides with your powerful thrusts until my legs give out, and fill my hungry womb with your hot semen and impregnate me!”

For a single agonizing second, nothing happens. The man remains perfectly still, not making a single sound or movement, while the ridiculous words you just let out echo through your head.

The man firmly grabs onto of your hips and slams his cock into your pussy, spreading open your slick walls and kissing the entrance to your womb with a drop of his precum. Finally having a thick shaft inside of you after so much teasing is far more than you could hope to bear, and just that alone brings you to climax. You cry out in pleasure and relief as your walls constrict around his shaft, desperate to milk a load of cum out of his dick. Despite teasing you for so long, he's able to hold himself back, and the only reaction you get out of his penis is a deep throbbing as it yearns to ejaculate inside you.

He doesn't move during your intense orgasm, and simply waits patiently for you to calm down. You get the feeling he expected this exact outcome. After a short wait, he wraps one arm around your stomach and lowers the other to your thighs and prepares to begin thrusting into you.

Except that doesn't happen. With an “alley-oop!” he lifts you up off the ground and away from the wall, pulling you towards his chest. It takes a few moments for your dazed mind to comprehend what just happened, by which time he has you're being held up by both of his hands on your thighs with your back leaning against his chest. He did all this without pulling out of you, and begins lifting your body up and down in rhythm with the shaking of his hips to plunge his cock deep inside of you.

His arms lift you up and down, bouncing you along his long shaft. The most intense part of your earlier orgasm has faded, but you're still basking in the afterglow, and his rough movements have you melting with pleasure. Needing to lift you up after every thrust means he can't penetrate you as often, but the extra force from gravity as he lowers you onto his cock makes the insertions deeper and more powerful. You're completely as his mercy as his hold prevents you from making any useful movements of your own, and the exhilaration brings you back to the brink of orgasm in seconds.

Maybe trying out different positions won't be so bad after all.

The man's earlier teasing catches up to him, and he climaxes far too quickly. With a final plunge that slaps his hips against your butt, he gives in to his pleasure and ejaculates deep inside of you, shooting several thick globs of cum into your womb. The heat brings out your own orgasm, and you join his grunts with your own cries of pleasure

He's not able to hold the position any longer, and quickly sets you down on the floor and pulls out of you before stumbling onto the floor. He didn't even finish cumming, and lets out some semen onto your thighs and leg, as well as the floor before his dick stops twitching. Your legs are weak as well, but you barely manage to catch yourself and stay standing while leaning against the wall.

After a short break where the two of you catch your breath, the man looks up at you from the floor and says, “I'm gonna lay out the futon now, so the next round will be more comfortable. How about missionary again?” You voice your agreement and the man slowly stands up and stumbles towards his room. You follow after him, but stop and wait just outside, while he sets up the futon. Missionary wasn't too bad last time, and maybe it'll feel better with practice. It's definitely more appealing than some other strange and totally foreign position he might want to try out.

He returns a bit later with the futon and sets it down on the floor. “Ah, could you take your shirt off again? It's better if we're naked for this, right?” he says, interrupting you as you're about to lie down on the futon. It doesn't really matter to you, but the man does seem to love breasts. You unbutton your shirt and drop it to the floor, and notice that the man is stripping as well. When you lie down on your back and face him you're given a view of his nude body. He's not unattractive, with his muscular chest and somewhat tanned skin, but you're mostly interested in his rock-hard cock that's dripping with precum and aching to enter your equally ready vagina.

You spread your legs wide and wait for him to get on top of you. He sits down on the futon in front of you and stares at you for a few seconds, admiring your naked body. Then he crawls towards you, as if to get on top of you, but instead reaches down to your thighs and tries to lifts them up. You stop him, of course, and even though you're not in the best position, you're still a good deal stronger than he is.

“Um, what are you doing?” you ask him. Touching is fine, but why is he trying to actually lift you up?

“Just trying to get into position. It'll be better if you put your legs up.”

“I thought you said 'missionary.'”

“It's still missionary,” he insists. “It's just adding some changes to a boring position to make it more interesting. I'm confident that it'll feel better for you. Are you willing to try? It's fine to do it normally if you really aren't interested.”

“...I guess it's fine. Just tell me what I should do.” Just lifting your legs seems harmless enough, although you're also not certain of what the benefit is. You do wish he had said something before grabbing your leg... although maybe you wouldn't have agreed to this if he had just asked first.

“Nah, it'll be simpler if you just let me do it on my own.” He once again reaches underneath your thighs and lifts them up, this time without you providing any resistance, and crawls on top of you with his legs spread wide. This position presses his thighs against yours, keeping your legs held in place, while he holds himself up with both hands at either side of your shoulders. It doesn't look like the most comfortable position for him to be in, but he's not complaining.

It takes him a few attempts to properly line his penis up with your entrance, each failure poking his tip against your thighs or butt. He doesn't seem to be experienced in this, despite his assurances that you'll enjoy it. Once he finally gets it in, he slowly lowers his entire body, gradually sinking his erect shaft past your lips. The gradual insertion makes you let out a subdued moan as his length pushes open your walls. It's not the rough fucking you're looking for, but he seems to be adjusting to this position as well, so you're willing to cut him some slack.

The weight of his legs pushes yours down until they won't bend any further back. It's not painful, as he's not forcing anything, but it does stop the full length of his penis from entering you. He keeps it buried inside you for a few seconds without moving, presumably still getting used to the awkward position, before he finally starts moving.

He lifts his hips and lowers them once again to plunge his penis back inside your vagina, awkwardly at first but he manages to settle into a reasonably quick rhythm. Your legs stop him from reaching your hips, so he's forced to lift his upper body with every thrust to get a decent angle and then lower it again while pulling out. The effect resembles an odd form of pushups or some other exercise, so it's understandable that he's having trouble.

It starts to feel much better as his speed picks up and his awkwardness fades. The way his weight presses down on your legs makes it feel like his entire body is being used to thrust into you, even though his penis can't reach as deeply compared to regular missionary. Your breasts and legs both shake in tune with his movements as your entire body is rocked by and forth constantly. His slow but powerful thrusts leave both of you gasping and moaning for more. And yet, it spares you from the burning and mind-numbing pleasure from last time; where his thrusts were so fierce and rapid that it just made you worry about cumming without him.

He was right; this is definitely better.

“Hey,” the man says suddenly between his gasps and moans, “Can we kiss?”

“Huh?” It takes your addled brain a few moments to understand his question. Why is he asking you that? For one thing, it seems like the kind of thing you'd do before sex, not during. Not that you'd need anything like that to “get into the mood.” You don't really have any interest in kissing... but apparently he does.

“If you really want to,” you answer between moans. “I don't mind.”

He leans forward, trying to carefully approach you while both your bodies rock back and forth from his powerful thrusts, and winds up smushing his lips against your own. It doesn't hurt or anything, but it does mean he kissed you without you properly anticipating it. Your lips stay together like this for a few seconds until he slightly parts his lips and gently tastes yours.

His tongue slips past your lips and begins exploring your mouth. Shallowly at first, but he becomes bolder after seeing your lack of resistance. The moistness of his tongue touches your lips, teeth, and tongue as it ravishes your mouth. Focusing on kissing you slows the frequency and power of his cock, but he's still going quickly enough to make you quiver in pleasure and moan into his greedy mouth.

He leans back and breaks the kiss after about a minute, leaving a thin trail of saliva that connects the two of you for a brief second. He's gasping for breath after kissing you for so long while also pounding your cunt. But instead of slowing down, he speeds up, and begins ramming into you with such force that would hurt if it didn't feel so good. Your body shakes back and forth as you approach orgasm, his rapid thrusts filling you with pleasure even as he forgoes positioning in favor of speed.

“Gonna...” he says immediately before groaning loudly as the two of you climax together, and he shoots his thick cum deep into your womb. Your pussy clamps down on his shaft, keeping it buried deep inside of you while it continues to twitch with each ejaculation and sends shivers of pleasure through your body. You collapse against the futon from your third orgasm of the night and try to let your legs drop to the ground, but they still can't move from their position. Either from noticing this or simply from his own exhaustion, the man pulls out of you early and lies down on the futon himself, shooting a few loads of semen onto your thighs in the process. With his weight gone, you finally let your legs return to a neutral position, draping your calves next to his head.

“Are you feeling better now?” the man suddenly asks you after a minute of restful silence. He's still lying on his back, and it doesn't look like he's ready to get up yet.

“Yes, I am. Thank you,” you reply. The aching is pretty much gone, replaced with the pleasant afterglow of both orgasm and physical exertion. It's enough to keep your mind off Tewi and her partner.

“Did you want to go another round?”

“Sure,” you reply after thinking it over for a second. “But are you really up for it? You seem, well, exhausted.”

“Ah, I'm fine. I have plenty stored up.” You take a glance at his penis. Despite its owners obvious fatigue, his penis is still erect and ready to go. “I just had a long day today, and probably went a little overboard.” After another few seconds of silence, he sits up and adds, “Hey, I have a question, if you don't mind.” You don't. “You need sex to calm your mating urges, right? I believe that's what you told me. But does it have to be vaginal sex?”

“Huh? What do you mean?” Where's he going with this?

“For example, could the scent of semen help calm your urges, if you were to, say, give me a blowjob and I came on your face? Or the taste, if you swallowed it?”

...In other words, he just wants a blowjob. “Er, well, I can't say I've ever really tried it, but I don't think it'd help any. I couldn't ever get pregnant from a blowjob, so it wouldn't trick my body at all.”

“But it's entirely a mental thing in the first place. You said it's impossible for you to get pregnant anyway, so it shouldn't really be necessary to cum inside you. Cumming on your face wouldn't change anything in the end.”

You pause to think it over. He is right about it being a strictly mental thing, since it's entirely a placebo reaction. So maybe it would be enough? You honestly haven't tried it, as you'd only fellate a man to get him ready for normal vaginal sex. As far as you can remember, no one has actually ejaculated on your face or in your mouth.

“Plus, I am still tired, so I don't think I could manage another round of full sex, but I'm definitely energetic enough for a blowjob!”

You suppose that means you have nothing to lose by trying it, so you somewhat reluctantly agree to let him ejaculate on your face. It probably won't ease your remaining urges, but if nothing else it'll be a good way to thank him for all of his help. You crawl between his legs, bringing your face close to his penis.

It's still erect despite cumming twice already and twitches softly in the air while waiting for your attentions. Normally you only perform fellatio on flaccid or semi-flaccid cocks to get them ready for the real thing, so having a fully-erect one right in front of your face is quite surprising. It reeks of sex and the man's sweat, and glistens with sexual fluids in the candlelight.

You part your lips and take his tip into your mouth, caressing the backside with your tongue as you lower your head. The man groans from your slightest movement as you slowly take more of his length into your mouth. This gives you a taste of the sex juices that were coating his penis, and makes the smell stronger as you approach the base. It's not a bad taste, but it's also not exactly fine cuisine. You're definitely going to have him ejaculate onto your face, rather than in your mouth.

His tip touches the back of your mouth and you stop, pursing your lips about halfway down his full length. That's as far as you can take it. You wrap your fingers around the remainder to stimulate every part of his cock, and the simple touch makes his penis twitch, even without moving your fingers. Keeping your lips closed, you raise your head and suck, cleaning off his shaft while you pleasure him. Once you reach the top, you open your mouth with a pop and swallow the sexual juices you picked up. His cock is mostly clean now, not counting your saliva, but you immediately run your tongue against his urethra to get the last of his cum and swallow that too.

Next, you flick your tongue against his penis, using the tip sparingly against his frenulum and glans and spending most of your time using the meat of your tongue on his less-sensitive areas. The gentle pleasure contrasts with the harsher sucking you treated him to initially, making him groan and yearn for the full embrace of your mouth. But your tongue feels good enough to make his cock twitch by itself, leaving him conflicted. After about two minutes of this teasing, his heavy breathing and the throbbing of his penis suggest that he's about to ejaculate.

“Please tell me when you're about to cum,” you instruct, and then bring your lips back to his tip and slowly take his penis into your mouth. You keep your closed fingers just in front of your mouth and gently stroke his length as you move further down. He moans from the moist embrace, but doesn't say anything. Once his penis is in as deeply as you can take it, you close your lips around his shaft and start bobbing your head up and down as you suck. Your tongue brushes against the front of his cock while you move, and you stroke your hand in tune with your mouth in order to make him melt from the pleasure.

“Ahhh! Gonna cum!” he warns, and you promptly lift your head and keep it in front of his throbbing tip. The air is freezing compared to the hot moistness of your mouth, and it stings his saliva-coated shaft. You keep pumping your hand back and forth, encouraging him to ejaculate onto your waiting face.

After a few seconds of waiting, he finally gives in and climaxes, shooting out a thick glob of semen that hits your cheek as he groans and arches his back. The hot liquid splattering against your face almost makes you gasp, but you make certain to keep your mouth closed. More and more semen flies out of his urethra, staining your lips, nose, cheeks, and chin white. It finally stops after what feels like minutes, twitching in the air but without releasing anything. Some of his cum drips back down onto his thighs and penis, but most of it stays on your face.

You sit up and stay still for a moment, basking in the heat and smell of the semen plastered all over your face. The powerful aroma assault your nose, filling your mind with the raw stench of male sexuality. Having it this close is certainly an experience, and while it's normally not unpleasant, this is simply too much. But most importantly...

“It's not working,” you say simply. If this semen had been released inside your womb, you'd be experiencing a familiar mix or euphoria and relief. As it slowly drips down your face, all you feel is mild discomfort. It's not too bad, somewhat akin to having mud on your face – although this certainly does smell better than mud – but it's certainly not something you'll ask for again.

“No?” the man replies, sounding somewhat disappointed.

“No,” you echo. “Could I get a towel or something? I'd like to clean my face now.”

“Oh, yeah sure. Just a second.” You sit and wait patiently while he dashes into another room, then returns shortly with a cloth. He hands it to you, and you rub and pat it against your face, trying to pick up all the cum he let out. Naturally, you can't get all of it with a dry towel, but the moistness and weight that was clinging to your skin has vanished, replaced with a mere stickiness. You'll need a bath or something to get it all out, but that's good enough for now. You thank him, fold the towel, and set it down on the floor.

“So what now?” he asks. “You still haven't fully recovered, right?”

“I haven't,” you say, eyeing his still-erect penis. “You're up for another round of vaginal, right?”

“As long as I don't need to move. Do you mind being on top?”

“On top?”

“Yes. You'll need to do all the movement yourself,” he clarifies.

You pause for a second to think it over. It's not something you've ever done before. But how hard could it be? You still need to get laid, so you might as well try it.

“Well, alright. Please assist me if I have trouble.”

He lies down on his back, returning to his earlier position with his dick pointing up in the air. You straddle him with your knees on the futon while facing him, holding your hips just above his tip. This lets you look down and see his penis, which is important when you have no idea what you're doing. Gently holding it with your hand, you lower your hips to try and drive it past your entrance. It misses the first time, but the tip pushes apart your lips when you try again.

You slowly squat down, letting his shaft sink into your dripping pussy. This should be straightforward, but it doesn't hurt to be careful considering your inexperience. After a few seconds, the tip of his cock bumps against the entrance to your womb, meaning it's all the way in. It feels even deeper than usual.

...Now what? The obvious answer is to use your knees to lift yourself up and down along his shaft, but you're not certain that'll work right. Normally, since the man is taking the initiative, he can seek out his own pleasure and orgasm from that. But you aren't him, so you don't know for certain what will make him cum. Just leaving his dick buried inside you like this isn't going to cut it, either. You look up at the man's face, and he's gently smiling and looking up at you expectantly. He enjoyed the insertion, at least.

“Um, how do I make you orgasm? I don't really know how to move properly.”

“Hmm, well,” he says, pausing to think it over. It's probably extremely obvious and he's trying to figure out how to explain something so simple. “Just do whatever feels good for you. It'll feel just as good for me too.”

That isn't as informative as you hoped for, but it gives you someplace to start. You carefully raise your hips, stopping when you can feel his tip against your labia, and then return with the same consideration and lack of speed. It stayed in – that's a good first step. It also didn't feel very good, but that's probably due to the excruciatingly slow speed you're moving at.

You repeat that motion, moving a bit faster each time as you get used to the position and movement. It's not quite enough – if you go any faster, it'll probably pop out and ruin the flow. Maybe if you had a bit more support? Your arms aren't doing anything, so you lean forward a bit and place both hands on his bare chest, trying to avoid putting too much of your weight on him while still holding your upper body up.

Leaning forward like this changes the movement needed, so you start over and carefully raise and lower your hips, this time at a slight angle. His tip scrapes against your sensitive walls with little resistance, easily reaching the entrance to your womb despite your inexperience. Keeping your hands on his chest makes it a lot easier to control yourself, letting you finally reach a pleasant pace. You bounce up and down along his length, savoring the feeling of his cock filling you up and the soft moans of pleasure coming from his lips. He was right: it feels good for him as well as for you.

But not orgasmic. After a few minutes of this, it becomes clear that you'll need to do something more drastic. Something that'll make him quiver from the pleasure and let out tons of his thick cum deep inside you. However, since this is the first time you've ever had to take the initiative, you don't know if there's anything special you should be doing.

So you'll just try moving faster.

You sit still with your hips touching his for a few moments as you steel yourself. Just having his dick inside you is distracting, even if you aren't moving, but you still feel the need to focus. The pleasure has made you start panting, and the early signs of fatigue are becoming apparent thanks to your unfamiliar movements.

Loosely gripping the man's chest, you raise yourself once again and then rapidly plummet back down, sending a wave of pleasure through your body as his cock scrapes against your aching walls. Forcing yourself to move through the wondrous feeling, you raise your hips with equal speed and plunge back down. The intensity has both of you moaning loudly in short order from what finally feels like normal sex. Your hips slap against his as you desperately seek out both greater pleasure and his luscious semen, both of you so tantalizingly close to orgasm from your first time taking the lead.

You give in to the pleasure, crying out in ecstasy as you drop against his waist and let his thick cock fill you up. Your walls tighten around his shaft, squeezing and caressing it to entice him to join you. He holds out for a few seconds, but then comes the familiar and delightful sensation of his semen shooting out and filling your womb. The relief makes your body tremble and you collapse forward, your heavy breasts plopping against his chest while you stay joined. His arms wrap around your back and he holds you close to him, groaning softly from the pleasure of cumming inside you, until his penis finally stops twitching inside you.

The two of you lie still like this for a while, his softening cock still inside of you. Neither of you make any effort to move from this position. It's still early in the night, so you really should get dressed and head back to Eientei. But...

“Are you going to spend the night?”

“If you'll allow me.” You're just too tired. All you want to do now is bask in the afterglow and have a nap, although a nap this late would of course last until morning.

“Of course,” he replies happily. Being connected with him is starting to become uncomfortable, so you get off him and lie back down on the futon beside him. He responds by grabbing a blanket and covering your naked bodies; he's probably just as tired and ready to fall asleep as you are.

“Hey, wanna get married?”

“No.” Where did that come from?

“You didn't even think it over.”

“I didn't have to. I don't even know your name. Nor you mine.”

“But we know other intimate details about each other. We can always get to know each better after getting married. Then, finally, we can introduce ourselves.”

“That's silly.” And backwards.

“Maybe, but I don't think it'd be bad. Will you at least continue coming over for sex?”

“...Yeah,” you answer after a few seconds to think it over. He's good in bed and has plenty of stamina, after all.

“That's good, then. I'll just have to win you over with my dick.” After a short pause, he adds, “Oh, how early were you going to wake up? Before me?”

“Yes, most likely. I'm up before the sun is. And I have a long walk back home.”

“I see. Well, could you wake me up as well so I can say goodbye to you?”

“Are you sure?” You're both going to bed pretty early, but you'll definitely be up before he is.

“Of course I want to see your beautiful, smiling face first thing in the morning.”

“Well, alright.” You probably won't be smiling, but you promise you'll wake him up and at least say goodbye. With nothing else to say, the two of you drift off to sleep with your nude bodies huddled close together under the blanket.
I've been fumbling around in my bed for quite some time now, wondering who to bother on this boring summer day.

Let's see. I've only recently teased my favorite shrine maiden with candy, almost spoiling the girl rotten with them. And I better leaves Yuyuko alone, she is most likely suffering from a hangover after last night's party. Suika is unable to from a hangover and I could bother her, but she'd make me drink. I don't feel like drinking in broad daylight, especially on a hot day and after yesterday's party.

Trading with my favorite shop keeper seems like a good idea, but then I'd have to fetch some stuff myself. Quite frankly, that is too much of an effort for me right now. I don't even feel like changing out of my pajamas. My options are very limited, so I guess I'll bother Ran.

"Ran!" I yelled. Ran is quick to attend to my needs and arrives in my room before I could think of a good prank. She sits down a step away from my futon.

"What do you require, lady Yukari?" she asked. As I eye her from head to toe, I notice that her hat is gleaming, almost sparkling. Did she use that new washing powder I fetched? Intrigued by her hat, I open a gap and snatch it off her head from the comfort of my futon.

Ran is puzzled, her fox ears perch up and her fluffy tails become visibly tense. Then she realizes what happened and appears frustrated, even embarrassed. Before she can say anything, I thoughtfully fondle her hat, taking in its rich and silky texture. The new charms placed on it are smooth and brimming with potent magical forces as well. As I squeeze it in my hand, I notice how it doesn't wrinkle at all!

"Please return my hat," she begs politely. Much to my surprise, her reaction is more intense than I first thought it would be. Is Ran embarrassed by the fact that I took her hat or by my indecent handling of it? I continue to fondle it and notice how it gives off a very pleasant fragrance. After a few sniffs, I realize it is the same as my shampoo, the one with the distinct coconut and hibiscus aroma.

"Ran, have you been using my shampoo?" I ask. Her expression changes quickly and judging by those droopy fox ears and nervous tail twitching, Ran must believe that she's gotten herself into big trouble.

"Don't worry about it," I say. Moving in closer, I gently stroke her hair. As expected, the shampoo made it smooth and shiny. I start playing with her hair, curling it gently around my finger. Ran would look even cuter if her hair was curly! A curl iron would do just the thing! Oh, it appear that my actions have only worsened the poor girl's embarrassment.

"You can use my shampoo more often if you like," I say. Somewhat relieved by what I said, Ran calms down a bit. My hands starts to drift towards her ears. I rub and scratch them lightly, provoking quite the reaction from my foxy servant. Her cheeks gain a pink tint and as I continue to rub this sensitive area, she yelps in a playful tune. I might have taken this a bit too far, so I slow down for a moment.

"Please, don't stop," she says. To tease her, I stop patting her head entirely. I even return her hat, placing it in her lap. Ran doesn't respond to the teasing too well and reaches for my hand. Our fingers fumble around for a while and then they interlock. Squeezes my hard firmly and looks up. For a moment, our eyes meet, but then she becomes timid and looks away. Even the gentle grip on my hand loosens.

At this point I can't turn down her request. I reach her head once again. Ran closes her eyes and the content smile on her face grows larger as I begin to rub my fingers against her soft fox ears again and again. I stop holding her hand, but only to stroke her silky blonde hair.

My ear rubbing grow bolder with each movement. When I pinch them lightly, she lets out a muffled yelp and bites her lip, showing off her pretty white fangs. My excitement is rising and my hand starts wandering further south to her nape to gently massage her neck. This massage causes quite a reaction, as evident from her restless tails. They're playfully waggling in different directions, all puffed up.

I want to touch them. To do that, I better get into a more comfortable position.

"Ran, sit on my lap," I say. Without any hesitation, Ran gets on my lap, but not quite in the way I imagined. I thought she'd be sitting sideways. Instead, she's straddling me. Her arms are already hugging my neck tightly and our ample chests are pressing against each other. I certainly don't dislike this position and I can reach her tails just fine, even without the assistance of gaps.

I hug her waist tightly and she rests her head on my shoulder. We stay like this for a moment or two, just cuddling. Then I reach for one of her restless tails and start stroking it. It is silky and smooth to the touch, much like her hair. Does she use my shampoo for her tails, too? So it would seems as each stroke releases more and more of the distinct fragrance. Or am I perhaps smelling her hair? It could be either.

The stimulation is making Ran's breathing heavy with excitement. I'm becoming very warm myself, almost uncomfortably so. Suddenly, I feel a hot tingling sensation on my right cheek. Ran is no longer resting her head on my shoulder, but rubbing her warm cheek against mine. At the same time, she begins making circles on my back with her fingers. These tiny movements sent surprisingly strong tingles down my back, it feels great!

I notice that I've started doing bolder movements around her tails and without realizing. While I was petting her lower back, my hand strayed to her shapely behind. Ran almost moans. No, she most definitely moaned when I coped a feel. Her hands stop making circle shapes on my back, her cheek stops rubbing against mine. Ran leans back. My, my! Her cheeks are as red as they can be!

Our eyes meet.

"Your face is r-red, mistress," she says with a slight stutter. Judging from how hot my face feels right now, I must be at my peak redness.

My eyes wander around and I notice how Ran's sizable chest rises and falls with each breath she takes. As I look back at her yellow eyes I realize that she's watching me breathe as well. For her pleasure, I undo a button on my pajama, giving her a generous view of my cleavage. Ran becomes coy for a moment and faces away, peeking only through the corner of her eyes, but then faces me again. She's seen me bathing naked yet she still feels ashamed! I giggled.

Taking the initiative again, I gently grasped her head with both hands. Ran closes her eyes as I begin petting her red hot cheeks. That's not enough for her, it seems. She reaches for my hands and begins rubbing them against her face all by herself. As she's doing this, I can feel her pulsating, smooth face. I bet she feels my heart racing as well.

Next, she reaches for my index finger and places the fingertip on her lips. Then she licks it while making a naughty expression, one I never expected to see on Ran's face! I think I let out an unladylike gasp in surprise, too! Seeing my reaction turns her on, smiling mischievously. Next she takes my middle finger and gives it a lick, then my ring finger, another seductive lick! I'm not excited by the sensation itself, but by her incredibly naughty she is. Bedroom eyes, a lustful smile, indecent lips, cute perky fox ears, my heart is melting away!

Then, as she was about to lick my pinky finger, she opens her mouth widely, stretches out her tongue and licks it from the base to the very tip. Ah, I couldn't contain myself anymore, she's got me this time. We're both panting from licking fingers or getting them licked.

Ran lets go of my hands. I observe how her eyes wander across my body, stopping briefly at my lips and chest. She then leans in, puts her arms underneath mine and hugs me tightly. Resting her head between my breasts, she starts rubbing her face against my bare cleavage. Her furry ears tickle me, much to my excitement.

"Ran," I moaned. My foxy servant doesn't respond, she simply tightens her hug and keeps rubbing against my breasts. The tickles are making me occasionally giggle like a little girl. I can't let her have all the fun, so I reach for her bushy tails once more and fondle them intensively, playing with her fur and going ever closer to the base of the tails, where I start tickling her. This makes Ran wiggle erratically in my chest. The tickles on my chest become very intense, making me giggle even more. Ran then steadily slows down.

"Mistress, please don't stop," she says. I notice I have been massaging and tickling the upper portion of her posterior unintentionally while I was teasing her many fox tails. Then I feel an odd wet sensation on my breast. Looking down, I see Ran drooling from pleasure, her eyes closed, her cheeks as red as before and her hair a mess from all the rubbing and patting. My, she is so cute!

"Let's lie down, Ran," I say. Ran takes the control and gently pushes me to the ground. I never figured she would want to stay on top so badly! As she's straddling me, her tails waggle wildly in ecstasy. There's still some drool on Ran's cheek, which she wipes away in an oddly seductive manner. Next she tries to hold my hand, most likely to pin me down. Our fingers clumsily seek each other before finally interlocking properly. We hold each other's hand tightly.

Ran gazes at my lips and licks hers lustfully. Originally I planned to roll on top and kiss her first, but I'll admit that I don't dislike this particular development. Quite the contrary, I'm all hot and bothered! Closing my eyes and pouting my lips, I can feel Ran leaning in ever so slowly. Her heavy breaths become louder as she gets closer and closer. She's taking her damn time, but this only makes me quiver in anticipation~!

And then, finally, our lips meet and a second later, our breasts squeeze against each other, adding incredible stimulation to an already intensive moment. Ah~! I feel liquid fire spreading through my veins, originating from my lips. Fitting for a kiss with a cutie such as my Ran! Once she breaks the kiss, I immediately return it. When I graze her lips with my tongue, a second eruption of ecstasy washes over me. If I'm not mistaken, Ran trembled, if only for a moment.

Ran sits up and smiles while her tight grip gradually loosens. I smile back and give her a very suggestive smile and a wink, too. This might have been a small climax and yet it is only the beginning!

Then I suddenly notice a familiar figure peeking through the half-closed door.

It is Chen. She must have been watching us for some time now.

Ran and I will need to explain this.
“Let me out of here!”

Seija rattles against the magical chains binding her arms apart. At first, she didn't believe what the yama had said to her. But now that she was stuck in this literal position, the outrage burst from her lungs.

“Are you fucking crazy?!” The amanojaku took a second to bite at her chains. Failing that, she yanks each foot and fails to snap the chains around both of her ankles. The palm of a hand presses on her back, and she tries to turn her bent over body to face the aggressor. “Let. Me. GO!!!”

“You speak of overturning `the society`, yet you pursue a singular individual for your aims.” Eiki bends the girl lower, head now lower than the waist. As Seija yells from the excessive stretching, the yama's hand gropes downward to the rather rough curve of ass. “Do you not regret using your powers on the both of us?”

Seija seals her lips tight. The answer is yes, but she wouldn't admit it. She had to curse herself for her stupidity: Had she assaulted this person without her powers, her punishment would not be so severe. Seija considered how she could possibly escape before the yama had her way, but no options came to mind. She feels a hand rub against her inner thigh and squirms, trying to jerk away.

“Stop! Damn it, stop!” The humiliation crushes her pride.

“You think yourself proud and strong, but you clearly have no sense of humility.” Eiki begins focusing her power on their bodies. “Therefore, allow me to give you experience.”

“What are you doing, you maniac?!” Seija's eyes grow wide with terror as she feels something in her nether regions. “You'd better stop, or I'll—”

Seija screams out loud. She grits her teeth from the stinging heat of a slap on her ass.

“You'll do what, exactly?” The yama's voice commands over her captured prisoner. “Scream? Cry? No. No amount of pleading will excuse you from your punishment.”

The horror sinks into Seija as she feels her body change. Something attached to her body that she wasn't familiar with.

“...The hell is this.” Seija's voice breaks out. “What the hell is this?!”

Before she had even stared between her legs, she could feel the weight of a penis and two balls. What was there before, save for her asshole, had disappeared. However, what Seija did see with her eyes was that the other woman had done the same.

“What kind of shit is this?! Turn me back NOW!”

Without answering the struggling amanojaku, Eiki pants once as she rips the lower part of the girl's clothes from her body. With a single wave of her hand, the rest of their clothes disappears. She presses herself against the puckering entrance in front of her.

“NO!” Seija kicks with a vigor stronger than before. Her bare feet scrape at the cold, stone floor, but the purple chains clinking around her ankles refuse to break. Her fists rotate around the chains on her wrist, but the head of the penis continues to press against her ass. The tip sinks in.

“Do you repent?”

“Nnngh...” Seija feels the head stretch her hole. “...Yes, yes, I repent! So stop!”

“What lies.” Eiki drawls her words. “Even two-faced scoundrels flip slower than you. But I guess that is your nature, isn't it?”

The pain shoots through Seija's body, as though cracks were forming around her asshole. Breaking the skin. Forcing her to do something that shouldn't happen.

The amanojaku growls through the pain for a second. She shuts her eyes. “Stop. Stooop....”

A tear forms in the corner of her eye, but she doesn't sense the yama stop. Instead, the yama continues to push in every few seconds. In between her pushing, she stops to let the entrance relax. As soon as Eiki begins to sink her penis deeper, though, every muscle constricts to deny her.

After her tears fall down her cheeks, Seija concentrates on the numbness behind the unbearable pain. She can feel the yama leaning forward to finish her violation, or end the beginning.

“Phew. You're awfully terrible at self-control, aren't you?” Eiki drags a finger along the length of her own lips. “The least you can do is relax. Else you serve to prolong your punishment.”

To obey is to want to disobey. But to disobey is to wound her pride. Seija decides to be indecisive, trying to escape into her mind. A hand slipping under her scrotum sends blood rushing to her penis.

“Black and white. There is no indecision.” Eiki reads into the amanojaku's actions.

To be black is to want white. But to be white is...something that doesn't deserve a mention. Seija opens her eyes, relaxing every digit in her body.

She murmurs something.

The shadow of Eiki's raised hand comes into her vision. “What did you say?”

“I said you can do my ass!” The humiliation burns across the amanojaku's face faster than the words finish coming from her mouth.

Eiki withdraws to her tip. The numbness rushes through her lower body for a split second.

It lasts for a split second. Eiki shoves herself back in.

Seija's groan evolves to a scream, eyes wide, as she feels the yama's cock thrust three times in two seconds. Within ten, the amanojaku ceases to scream, but returns to moaning in disgrace. By what magic did the pain disappear, Seija doesn't know. Maybe it's the hand reaching around her waist, groping at the base of her own penis. Maybe it's the panting of the yama on her back.

It could even be the chains clanking with every, damn, thrust.

“Just take it quietly.” Eiki manages in a span of ten movements. “And perhaps your silence will reflect well against your sins.”

The promise is empty. Seija knows that best. If the yama had been punishing her under normal circumstances, it wouldn't be. But being pounded from behind, fingers tickling her sack, and standing on the front of her foot and toes, the situation is far from normal.

“Damn it,” Seija feels her penis twitch with life in the yama's palm, “damn it. Damn it!”

With a blush on her face, Seija can't deny that the yama is getting her off. To dislike the treatment is to revel in it. And as much as the amanojaku would like to reverse it, it was near impossible to convince herself to enjoy it. So the ironic conclusion is that she, or at least her body, would start to like the treatment. This punishment.

The chains around Seija's waist slack. The second after, Eiki pushes Seija's body to the floor. The small resistance Seija gave brought her to her knees, yet Eiki's push still laid the amanojaku on her stomach, cheek rubbing against the gray floor. Her erect cock sandwiched between her body and the ground, the amanojaku winces as her foreskin stretches from the rushing sensation. Despite the few seconds of dread that shot through her mind, Seija found that the skin between her cock and the floor brought more of that numbness than actual pain.

Even considering that Eiki's balls were slapping at her ass with every thrust inside of her.

“I have no intent on boasting of my sexual experience.” The yama speaks down to her captive. She takes a few thrusts to enjoy how well she rams into the defiant girl. “But I will observe your end by my body. Though it only adds to your sins.”

The desire to deny that outcome blazes through Seija's mind. But her body refuses to accept that idea. Her mind, too? Maybe...getting fucked by this maniac wasn't such a bad idea—NO! Between getting fucked and fucking the floor, everything in her body was about to explode. In fact—

Seija growls as something shoots through and out of her penis. The growls transform into grunts as the feeling continues to pour from her new organ. The warm strands of semen spread across her stomach and the ground as Eiki continues fucking her into the ground.

The yama notices that Seija's pants have become lighter. Shallower. Eiki stops, buried entirely inside of the amanojaku's ass, as a quiet anger boils within her.

“It can't be.”

Seija's body tenses, tightening around the yama's solid cock.

“Did you...?” Eiki's fist presses against the other girl's back.

Seija's instinct screams danger. But she would rather face the punishment to come than lie and face worse.

“Yes.” Seija grit her teeth. She controls her voice to be as flat as possible. “I came. You were fucking me way too hard.”

If she hadn't given a reason, especially if it had instead been one filled with insults, the amanojaku feared the possible repercussions.

Eiki withdraws and thrusts her hips once, and Seija heard the harder grind of her own teeth.

“I see. Then you'd like me to go slower, then?”

With another thrust of her hips, Seija shuts her eyes. She'd admit that since her ass was far beyond numb to the pain of being rammed into twice per second, she'd prefer consistency to change. But the amanojaku remains silent. Not just because she contemplated how bad the situation already was, but because she thought that the yama had decided to punish her in this way. Specifically.

Instead of pounding away at her, Eiki snapped her hips forward, then snailed her entire length back. Seija tried to adjust to the false sense of security that her body thought was happening. But the thick, filling cock that would thrust back into her ripped her mind's will from her body's actions. Every snap of the yama's hips shocked all the nerves down Seija's legs and up into her neck. The remnants of semen pooled underneath her body didn't help either.

“Is this,” Eiki thrust forward, waiting for Seija to finish her grunt to speak again, “better?”

And Seija had to answer.

“Yes.” The amanojaku pants. She didn't know to what extent her pride would break tonight. But this is the lowest in her life.

“It would be problematic if I didn't come,” Eiki increases her pace, now moving back and forth once more, “so unfortunately, I couldn't abide by your request even if I wanted to.”

With the yama's hands on her hips, Seija closes her eyes. In three seconds, the other woman thrusts back and forth at that frantic pace she had earlier. The numbness in the amanojaku's ass grew into a burning fullness.

Seija hated the small jolts hardening her penis with every bounce. The revival of her erection isn't immediate. Eiki's hands grasp higher on her waist. The yama's light pants merge and alternate with Seija's grunts and groans. Seija curses herself during the moment Eiki stops for one second to lean an arm across her spine, positioning herself to fuck the amanojaku with louder claps. By the time all these events occur, Seija recognizes the tight bundle of muscle between her legs: A cock, horny and ready to come again.

The back of Eiki's hand, palm against the other male female's bellybutton, knocks against the hard flesh. Eiki lifts the amanojaku's waist into the air.

“You're prepared to release your seed once more? Good.” Eiki wraps her fingers around Seija's penis. It jumps at the foreign source of warmth.

“No! Stop touching me, damn it!” Seija tries to make the yama stop.

The single hope in her mind lies in that it would be over soon.

“As you suspect,” Eiki grips her hand into a fist, rubbing up and down, “I'm about to come soon. You would do well to follow suit.” She moans the moment she finishes speaking.

Eager to end the humiliation, Seija focuses on the hand jacking her off. How it times it's movements with how she was getting fucked. As ironic and mortifying as it was to think so, Seija releases a light moan. The purple chains in front of her blur as her mind begins to break from the sensation. Every time the yama stretches her ass with the thickness of her cock. Every time the hand on her own squeezes as the base above her balls. Even the cool air passing over her rock-hard nipples, the lack of size of her breasts allowing the air to pass along her whole front. The actions pumped the orgasm closer to the end of her cock inside her body.

A shout booms into Seija's ears.

With three slower, deep thrusts from the yama, Seija holds her breath as warm semen fires inside of her. Her own cock squeezes the first, thick ropes of white onto the floor. Seija tries not to think about the yama emptying herself inside of her, but the spreading warmth inside of her ass forces her to. On top of that, the yama's hand rubs up over the head of her cock. Seija holds back a growl as the hand pumps down and up, spreading a slick coat of seed over her twitching erection. The thick scent of heat rises across Seija's face, and she hears the yama breathe in and out twice.

Seija resists clenching her hands into fists as Eiki claps a hand onto her ass.

“Your existence is rife with unfortunate experiences. However, this one has yet to reach its conclusion.”

A mix of anger and fear beats through Seija's heart.

“What?” Seija shoots her head in the yama's direction. “You said this would be it!”

Eiki slides her half-limp penis from Seija's body. “I said your silence would reflect against your sins. Never that this was to be the end.”

The chains twist and turn.

“Let this be your final judgement.” Eiki walks to Seija's head.

Now hanging with her back in the air, Seija struggles as she stares upside-down at the yama's cock. The chains around her ankles and wrists rise, yet Seija's hair hangs down in front of Eiki.

The yama strokes herself for a few seconds, her erection returning. Sliding her hand off of herself, her cock lands beside Seija's nose.

Flinching, the amanojaku winces at the hard slab of meat on her face. She could smell the thin layer of juices, sour and tart against her nose.

Eiki rubs her cock up and down, the head of the penis laying off of Seija's chin. “You believe yourself in a position to refuse?”

Acknowledging the yama's words, Seija swallows the remains of her pride.

“And what do you expect me to do?”

“You know what to do.” The yama brandishes her rod, a long, pentagonal piece of wood inscribed with words. “Do what you must. Or else.” She extends her arm.

Seija's eyes shoot open as the flat surface of the wood rubs against the length of her own cock. Eiki groans as the amanojaku's breathes on her penis.

Seija didn't want to believe it. But somehow, the rod rubbing against her dick was getting her turned on. Strangely quickly.

“Start.” Is all Eiki says.

Seija loathes the yama stepping closer, placing her balls on the bridge of her nose. But she begins anyway. Poking her tongue out, the amanojaku licks toward Eiki's body, closing her mouth around the base. Her tongue traces into the yama's sack and between her balls. Eiki's free hand drags along Seija's throat, up to her chin, the fingers petting and scratching. When Seija bent her head forward, she could lick the yama's penis, almost reaching the head. When she leaned her head back upside-down, she could tend to the yama's balls.

It was a process that dropped Seija's confidence to zero. Instinct told the amanojaku that if she didn't get the yama off before that damned rod made her come, bad things would happen. The good thing, though, was that the Eiki stepped back at some point to allow Seija to properly suck on her cock. And that the yama enjoyed having her balls tended to.

However, this came at a price.

“That's good.” The yama hums. “Perhaps you should do this to all youkai who are stronger than you. Would that not overturn society in some way?”

The shame brings a blush to Seija's face, nose pressed into Eiki's balls after one stroke filled her mouth with cock. The sour taste dulls down with Seija's saliva covering the member. It slid in and out quicker, easier.

“But perhaps for the women and those willing to stay female for the act,” Eiki went on, Seija's grunting with muffled noise every movement inward, “you'd like kneeling instead. The process would be the same, but your tongue would need more experience. Yes, like that.” She praises Seija when she feels the amanojaku retreat off of her cock to suck at one of her balls. The yama rubs the head of her cock with her palm, her fingers scratching below Seija's lips.

Seija feels the yama push herself back inside her mouth. Combined with the slow rubbing of the rod on her own penis, Seija tilts her head to get the other woman off as soon as possible. Eiki begins bucking an inch forward and back.

“Good. I'm going to come. Take it all, and you as well.”

Eiki taps Seija's cock with her rod.

A heat burst into Seija's crotch. The horror fills the amanojaku's head.

Seija did her best to scream “stop”, but instead, her exclamation came out as a muffle that sent Eiki over the edge a second sooner than expected.

Eiki moans into the air, coming. Seija feels the yama's semen fire inside of her cheeks at the same time her own cock fired its own thick ribbons along her front. Her eyes opened, then closed, as she prepares to swallow. However, before she could, Eiki yanks her throbbing erection from her mouth. As the yama jerks her cock, Seija flinched as several strands of semen landed on her face. One particular strand that had fired midway when Eiki pulled out snapped onto Seija's forehead into her hair. Seija's own cock fires several powerful shots near her neck, while Eiki shoots a few over and down Seija's chin.

By the end of it all, Seija opens her mouth to take a needed breath. The thick smell and warmth radiate on her face, down her throat and neck, and through the line of her own semen on her body. Seija opens her eyes, a thread of semen blurring her view. She could make out Eiki pumping her limping cock, stepping closer.

Eiki pries the amanojaku's mouth open with her penis, pushing it forward with her stroking hand.

“Clean it, and you shall be free.”

Tired from the orgasm, Seija lets the slick member inside of her mouth and brings her tongue along the length. She tilts her head back and bends her head forward to suck, or as much as to do the job.

“Well done.” Eiki praises, tapping the amanojaku's shoulder with her wooden rod. “I pray that have learned your lesson. Despite knowing that you probably have not.”

The limp penis pops out of Seija's mouth. The amonojaku forces herself not to make any expressions on her face, remaining as blank as possible.

The chains clatter as they release, and Seija feels her body being pulled into a transportation spell.

“Farewell.”

No less than two breaths passed before Seija realized she was staring up at the night sky. The amanojaku rolls onto her front, on all fours. Her arm wipes a trail of semen at the corner of her mouth, finding her clothes piled on the grass in front of her. Her body had also returned to being female. She shudders as the remains of her orgasm died down. The numbness inside of her ass was almost gone. As she plucks one of her clothes from the pile, she spots something inside of them.

It was a white chip.

“Damn it.” Seija murmurs, lowering a hand to remove the semen on her stomach. “Fuck reversing people.”
“Ahhh, dammit!” Isuke slams down her losing cards with a table-demolishing crash.

“I gotta stop playin’ when I’m drunk…” Fishing through the wreckage, she finds her still-intact sake dish and drains it in an instant. “… Mmm, but this stuff you bring is always too good~”

The night’s friendly game of chance has cost the one-eyed brown oni all of her clothing, save for her tight white sarashi wrapped around her bulging chest… and with her latest defeat, those bindings are forfeit as well. A faint blush tinges her cheeks, but it’s more likely from the bottles of sake she’s drunk than any sort of embarrassment. She’s shown no restraint in flaunting her bronzed, chiseled form up to now, even discarding her panties first because they were easier to take off. The sake’s special ingredient may have helped with that, but it couldn’t change how crude and strong her body was. With a frustrated grumble, she puts her arms behind her back and begins to unfasten the sarashi… but as soon as she pushes out her chest, the man across from her interrupts her.

“Eh? You’ll take them off yourself? Well, alright… You said I just gotta lie down if I lose, right? Yeah, yeah, hands behind my head.” Isuke pushes herself away from the table and sets herself down on the tatami floor, exposing her whole figure to the man’s eyes. Her rich, dark, chocolate-brown skin is a truly exotic sight, contrasting sharply with her long pink hair but nicely matching her curved black horns. Lighter-colored scars mark her body all over, but their presence only accentuates the rich brown of her skin and the steely hardness of her muscles. The faint hourglass of her stomach is adorned by an ever-present six-pack, and her hard, thick biceps flex idly as she rests her head in her hands. Her legs ripple with tight, corded muscle from thigh to calf, while still maintaining a smooth feminine shape. Even though she’s all but nude, she barely shows a hint of hesitation… but, she does cross her powerful thighs to hide her dark brown slit from view.

“Like this, huh? Got a fetish for armpits or something…?”

Isuke starts out smirking at the man’s face, but a powerful force drags her one eye down towards his crotch. He lost much of his clothing in the game as well, making it difficult to hide the massive bulge in his underwear. Even if he were fully clothed, it still would have shown; the garment seems to be stretched to the brim, twitching visibly and staining darker with each powerful throb. The man hooks a thumb into the waistband and tugs sharply downwards; his penis catches on the garment at first, then swings up violently when it finally slips free.

“Eh?!” Rather than the outrage and disgust one would expect, Isuke’s aphrodisiac-addled mind responds only with confused excitement. The man’s cock is massive compared to the others she’s seen, visibly curved and thick as a pole. Hot precum gushes from the tip, trailing straight down to his large, slowly-churning balls. She starts to move an arm towards the huge piece, before remembering her promise and re-fastening her hands behind her head. “Aha, so that’s what you were after. You must have a death wish, thinkin’ you can have your way with an oni,” Isuke says, quickly shaking her head and forcing a grin. Nonplussed, the man grabs his cock by the base and tilts it downwards, pressing the underside right into the oni’s abs.

“Nnn? H-hey,just where do you think you’re touchin’?”

Isuke can’t help but flex at thetouch of the man’s piping-hot length. After he smears his precum over each of her her abs in turn, he begins to grind it into the clear-cut valley between her muscles. His precum gradually accumulates in the stone-cut crevasses, leaving her abs gleaming with lewd, perverted moisture. The friction gradually hardens her muscles even further, but his cock grows thicker and stronger to match.

“Ahh… That thing’s… really hard, huh…?”

Reaching out with his free hand, the man produces a small, suspicious-looking bottle from his discarded clothing. Flicking the top open with his thumb, he upends the bottle and begins to squeeze out a stream of thick, clear liquid… right over the oni’s breasts. Her bindings quickly absorb the viscous fluid, transporting it across the full breadth of her large, dense chest. He moves his arm in slow circles as he squeezes out more and more, darkening every inch of the wrappings. The liquid feels icy cold at first, hardening her dark nipples until they’re visible through the sarashi, but she soon feels her dark-mocha skin begin to heat up intensely. Her breathing deepens and quickens as her face turns red, and it starts to feel as though the soaked bindings are suffocating her chest. “Hey, it’s… it’s… gettin’ hard to breathe… Can’t you take these off yet?” she grumbles.

The man nods after a moment of hesitation, giving Isuke a moment of relief as he stops his frotting against her stomach. With some difficulty, he finds and unties the knot behind her back… but rather than loosening the bandages, he clenches his hands and pulls them tight instead!

“Hiiih!” Isuke’s forced to throw her head back, her eye wide open as she shrieks. Glimpses of slick, doughy skin and rock-hard nipples squish out between the tight, drug-soaked wrappings, which dig into her extra-sensitive mounds without mercy. Still maintaining the pressure, the man offers another challenge.

“Yyy… Y-you’ll make me cum just from these? You’re… gettin’ ahead a’ yourself,” Isuke pants. Moments later, the painful tightness finally relents - but as soon as the wrappings loosen a little, the oni’s chest practically bursts from its confinement. Moisture flies in every direction as her chocolate mounds bounce outwards, already glistening vividly from their pre-coating of lotion. Without the sarashi to bind them, they’re half again as large as they looked, each with its own heaving weight.

The man doesn’t waste much time on staring. Rougher and more forceful than any woman’s, his hands immediately begin to maul her breasts. They are by far the softest parts of her otherwise rock-hard body, yielding to his dominant touch and allowing his fingers to sink deep into their warm, dense, heavy mass.

“Ahh! D-don’t… squeeze so hard! I’ve had ‘em bound all day, so they’re sensitive!”
Every press and rub of his hands works the lotion in even deeper, awakening her chest to ever-greater levels of sensitivity. Soon, they feel like they’re melting in his skilled grip, throbbing with pleasure from core to tip. Her voice grows steadily deeper and huskier, until she lows like a beast in heat. Every breath comes out laced with a groan, her eye soft and hazy and her tongue hanging from her mouth. She constantly shifts back and forth underneath him, partly to find some reprieve from his massage and partly to distract him from how she’s grinding her slick, steely thighs together.

“Hahhh… ohhh… mmmn…!”

Whether he’s pinching her nipples, squeezing her tits, or simply stroking her bust, Isuke shudders and moans uncontrollably. The man hasn’t laid a hand on anything but her chest, but she feels the unmistakable heat of an orgasm starting to rise inside her. Her mind is reeling in disbelief, trying to picture what the man will demand if he wins again… and so, she’s taken completely by surprise when he presses her breasts together and thrusts his massive cock right between them! Thoroughly tenderized by his masterful groping, her chest molds perfectly onto his cock with a lewd, slippery suction. Despite their size, they don’t envelop his length completely, and his soaked, swollen shaft pokes out in front of her mouth. Isuke represses a faint urge to lick it, the mere fact that she could makes her strong body tremble lewdly.

Not waiting for any sort of permission, the man begins to buck his hips. A messy squish accompanies every one of his thrusts, and Isuke can feel her dusky skin cling to every vein on his cock as it slides back and forth. Whenever his tip emerges from between them, it marks her face with a few drops of precum and a whole cloud of pheromones. It feels as though his hard, brutish length is carving a personal space between her sensitive breasts, sending ripples of pleasure throughout her body - especially to the drenched space between her trembling legs.

With a little more pressure, he’s able to sink his hands in deep enough from the sides that his thumbs meet her gleaming nipples. As soon as he can, he presses his rough fingers straight into them and rubs them in forceful circles, all while he ruthlessly massages her lewd, pliant brown flesh. Groping, tweaking and thrusting all at once, he assaults her large breasts with no hint of mercy.

“Fuuuh… Nnnngh…” Isuke looks away and clenches her teeth, trying her hardest to keep him from hearing just how good it feels… but when the man seizes and twists her nipples, the noise bursts out regardless.. She can’t keep the smell of his musk and the force of his thrusts from awakening her basest, most submissive female instincts; every thrust of his hips echoes through her body, and draws a fresh wave of heat and moisture from her aching, throbbing pussy. She desperately clenches her muscles to try and control the pleasure, but her strength leaves her the instant the man pinches down on her nipples…

“Aaaaah!”

A hot blast of juice coats Isuke’s thighs, moments before the tingling heat in her breasts explodes into pleasure. Isuke finally opens her mouth and cries out in a lewd, sultry voice, staring down at the swollen tip of his cock before closing her eye at his first shot of seed. The hot, thick blast coats her whole face in an instant, multiplying the strength of his musk sixfold.

Isuke can’t close her mouth at all, despite all her efforts to the contrary. Seeing an opportunity, the man grabs her head and pulls it forward, jamming his tip between her lips. Before she can even process what’s happening, he unloads three shots of hot, thick cum in her mouth, one right after another. The flavor is impossibly rich and salty, and her eye rolls up slightly at the sheer sensation that overwhelms her tongue.

Then the man pulls back and begins to stroke his still-cumming length, spraying hot white cum all over Isuke’s face, breasts, and stomach. Every hot splash on her skin makes her tense up and groan, her steely thighs grinding together with stone-crushing force as she arches her back. The seed in her mouth is still only half-swallowed, reminding her that every ribbon that spurts across her skin is just as rich and flavorful.

“Gmmf! Hmmg… nnnnn…”

Isuke’s orgasm lasts longer than the man’s, but only by a few seconds. When her muscles finally slacken and allow her to slump back onto the ground, her sweaty body seems considerably softer than before. Every inch of her bust is coated with seed, as are the abs she flaunted so proudly. She finally swallows the remaining wad of cum, helpless to resist the lewd tremor that runs through her.

“F-fine, you beat me… And… you’re still hard…?! What’s - eh? Put my legs up, too…? C-come on… how perverted can you get…?”

Isuke grunts and fidgets, still feeling aftershocks from her last orgasm, but she’s honor-bound to obey. The oni spreads her strong legs apart, stretching plentiful lines of lewd juice between them, before raising and pulling them back. The position clearly reveals the bare, deep-brown pussy she’d hidden for so long, and how the titfuck was enough to harden her clit and thoroughly soak her lips. Her large, round, firm brown ass is put on display as well, prompting the man to give each cheek a forceful smack. Isuke squeals at each cheek-jiggling impact, small spurts of juice escaping her pussy, but that’s nothing compared to the excitement that rushes over her when the man lays his massive cock on her slit.

“Ah…! Y-you wanna second match, huh? You… mighta won last time, but I’m not… gonna lose… to some guy’s fat cock!”

A single orgasm wasn’t enough to tire his massive length. If anything, it seems even larger than before, its coating of seed and lotion dazzling in the light. The man rubs it back and forth along Isuke’s slit as she speaks, forcing her words to catch in her throat whenever her grinds into her clit. The mere thought of his dick plunging into her makes her tremble, but she still stares down the engorged length with a confident grin…

“ What’s the matter, sc-Ahhhgh!”

… Which lasts until the man slams his hips forward and fills her in one thrust. Then she cries out and shudders bodily, her eye rolling up as her mouth falls open. As soon as he’s hilted inside her, the man seizes Isuke’s ankles and forces them back even further. The proud oni is left folded neatly in half, with the man laying on top of her… a textbook seeding press, with no chance of escape!

“Hhahh-nnh-wait, hold on-Eek!” Isuke grabs the man’s sides and tries to pull him off, but her strength vanishes the moment he yanks his hips back. Her breasts were incredibly sensitive, and the mere sensation of his cum leaking down their surface still made her tremor, but that’s nothing compared to how vulnerable her pussy is. Her strength and arousal conspire to squeeze the man with every last one of her slick folds, but that only multiplies the pleasure she feels when his thick cock grinds over every last one. The sensation whites out her vision, melting her protest into a shrill moan.

Rather than kiss her, the man lays his head beside hers, the better to hear her proud voice pour out in high-pitched screams. His hips begin to move with piston-like strength, wrenching back against the suction of her hot, tight pussy before slamming straight back down. The curve of his cock makes perfect use of the force, directing it to ensure that each thrust fucks the full length of the oni’s pussy and slams against her womb.

“Ahhh! Too fast! Just wai- Fuaaahh!”

His massive cock doesn’t just fill her, but stretches her as well. The full force of her squeeze fails to budge or slow down his magnificent length, so her pussy has no choice but to mold itself to him. Little by little, over the course of dozens of thrusts, he reshapes her shuddering pussy to fit and pleasure every inch of his cock. At the same time, the lotion slathered onto his penis soaks continuously into her walls, making her more and more sensitive with every hammerblow thrust.

“Hiiih! I’m sorry! Whatever I did, I’m sorry! Just don’t fuck my womb like that!” Isuke moans. In response, the man buries himself for the hundredth time, and roughly twists his hips back and forth. Until then, he’d fucked her at the same angle every time, assaulting her mind with overwhelming but predictable pleasure - but with this, his cock grinds over her sensitive spots in completely different configurations, coloring her moans with a fresh hint of surprise and disbelief.
“Haaau! Okay, you win! I give up!”

After he’s made his point, the man continues his fucking, harder and faster than ever - and now, with a slight shift to the angle of each thrust. A loud, meaty smack accompanies every one, with a weaker sound following it as his heavy balls slap her ass. Each one overloads the oni in a completely different way, giving enough time for the pleasure to rattle through her but not enough for it to dissipate before the next commanding thrust. He doesn’t bother to watch her reactions, instead just enjoying the cute sound of her desperate voice and the feeling of her proud body writhing under him.

“Ohh… ohhhh!” After a few minutes of that kind of treatment, Isuke can only cry out wordlessly, her toes twitching in midair as the man pounds into her. The pleasure weakens her more surely than mere blows ever could, relaxing her muscles into feminine softness and slowly taming the proud rampart of her cervix. She’s unable even to buck her wide, strong hips, and her well-defined ass twitches and jiggles every time the man crashes onto them. He doesn’t even seem to care about pleasing her, simply using her pussy as a glorified onahole… but she’s still drowning in pleasure all the same.

“Gohhh… Mmmngh…Ahhhn… mmmm~” Slowly but surely, her voice sweetens in tone, going from simply overwhelmed to pleasured. A helpless smile pulls at her mouth as she drapes her hands over the man’s back, finally accepting his weight on top of her. “Aheeh~”

This seems to be the man’s cue to finally fuck her at full strength. The forceful rutting they’d done so far seems like a mere warm-up as he begins to move his hips with blinding speed. Isuke opens her eyes wide in disbelief, but she doesn’t even have any breath to spare; one thrust piles on top of another, wracking her pussy with simultaneous waves of pleasure, driving her far past what she thought was her limit…

“!!!!!”

And then, with a final earth-shattering thrust, the man plunges his full length into her and begins to cum. Isuke’s defeated cervix can’t hold back a single drop of the massive load that fires out, splashing over every inch of her womb. Of course, the instant his seed floods into her deepest, most precious place, she’s driven straight to orgasm as well. She’d suffered through several small orgasms in the course of their mating, but this one blows the rest away. Countless jolts of pleasure subjugate every part of her powerless brown form, her powerful spasms only held in check by the weight of the man still folding her. Her pussy’s tight, milking squeezes intensify even further, as if she’s begging the man to unleash every drop he has. No amount of writhing breaks his cock’s kiss with her womb, though, or nudges a bit of his load off-target.

“Ohhhhhh…!”

Even though Isuke’s pussy is stuffed completely by inch after inch of cock, she sheer force of his ejaculation is too much to contain. Eventually, his cum begins to splash back out of her stretched and quivering entrance, creating thick trails of semen that trickle down the vast expanse of her ass. However, at least half of each shot still flows straight into Isuke’s womb, forcing her abdomen to slowly inflate as more and more seed enters her. Her voice is barely audible, but her moans don’t seem dissatisfied in the least.

By the time he finally pulls out and stands up, the oni is completely insensate. A swollen womb distends her formerly wall-like stomach, removing any doubt that her body was meant for breeding with men. Her face, breasts, and stomach are caked in dried cum, while a river pours out and covers the floor between her legs, leaking straight from her stretched and flooded womb.

“Oh… ohhh… I couldn’t… beat… the dick…” she mumbles. Tilting her head forward, she finds the man’s blurry outline with her one hazy eye. Even in the condition she’s in, she still manages to put on a faint smile. “But… I won’t lose… next time~”

Slap slap slap.

The sound of my bare footed steps on the tiles is quite loud when there's not even a single soul around to absorb the sound. I'm not bothered by the noise or the emptiness as much as I'm bothered by how cold this floor is. I don't demand that everywhere be warmed by the eternally burning fires of Hell of course, but it's definitely noticeable when I go somewhere that isn't. It does make some sense that they would skimp on the heating here to cut back costs. Anyone who got here that still had both feet and the ability to feel things would be wearing some kind of footwear.

Anyone aside from myself that is. Although I'm not exactly an everyday visitor.

I have the excuse that this is a one off situation. I wouldn't normally be here, but I had business that happened to put me in this area. I couldn't resist the urge to stop by this branch and see how things were going. Call it an inspection if you like, I'm sure that's what will be filed on any paperwork after the fact. It's really just me sating my own curiosity. Gensokyo is just such an interesting place full of interesting people. I can't be blamed for looking around a bit now that I have the chance.

This place however, is a bit less interesting and a bit more cold than I like. I've been to many different branches at some point or another. Most all of them are more comfortable than this. Of course I, being in the position that I am, can easily grasp the reasons behind the decision to keep the heat in here low, but that doesn't mean that it doesn't annoy me. A relatively low population for this jurisdiction does mean little opportunities for fund collection, I can understand that. If I was in a more usual state of mind I would even praise the effort to lower our expenses. Right now, however, I'm in a bad mood.

I could blame my mood on my big plan going south a while ago, but that wouldn't be very honest. I'm already over that setback. I know we'll come up with another plan soon enough, and we have almost an eternity to make something work. They do say that revenge is a dish best served cold. Although I don't think adding any length of time onto the thousands of years I've already waited would make it get any colder.

No, there are really just two things that are putting me in a sour mood, and one of them is pretty minor. I'm currently annoyed by the coldness of my feet, and the fact that coming around here reminds me that I've already taken a bit too much time off. It's gonna be Hell to catch up when I get back.

Heh, Hell.

Anyway, I think I've only been to this branch of the Ministry once or twice. I know my last visit was a really long time ago, so I'm not going to recall each and every detail. It was most definitely newer back then. Things were better cared for and much more impressive. It's easy to blame the budget cuts, but that reflects somewhat badly on me. I'd rather push that blame on to an underling, so it's time for a little discipline. Call it top down motivation or whatever you wish.

Through the grand entrance hall, past the exquisitely made statues of various important East Asian religious figures. Across the extravagantly sized but barely furnished courtroom. I see nobody as I continue my walk through the unoccupied Ministry. The low population this branch presides over means that court doesn't have to be in session at all times. However, I'm still confident that someone must be around somewhere for me to push my annoyance onto.

Even deeper is the areas for record keeping, the seldom used break areas, and miscellaneous office space. I'm betting that even now, there has to be somebody back here working. Probably the diligent type too which is good because they're so... Receptive to disciplinary measures and uh... Oh who am I kidding?

They're always more fun to tease.

A few words pop into my head, spoken in a voice that I've gotten quite used to hearing lately. Frivolous, impertinent, aweless, flippant. I'm used to having these words thrown around whenever I get a bit playful in my own way. She sure is cute when she's angry, and she's not much if not angry these days. Still, we're both separate people still, and I can choose to use my time to get something a bit fresh off to the side if I wish to do so. She's usually too beside herself to care.

My strategy of opening doors at random and looking inside doesn't appear to produce the results I want. I continue to find nothing of interest inside the rooms, and accomplish little other than increasing my annoyance. Did everyone leave? I would expect there to be at least one straggler somewhere in here. I understand that a low population means that court does not have to always be in session, but that's no excuse for laziness.

I can feel my irritation growing as the possibility that I will find no one to play with comes to mind. That just wouldn't be fun at all. Still, I don't bother to increase my pace as I continue searching. I'll find someone when I find someone I suppose, and if I don't then I'll have ammo for next time I come around.

Let me see... Record keeping. Supply closet. Restroom. Empty office. Oh, this next one is apparently the office of the Yama here. Who exactly that is is slipping my mind at the moment, but it doesn't really matter. If anyone's still around other than janitorial staff, it should be the Yama.

An officious, womanly voice comes the instant that I turn the handle and poke my head into the room. "No Komachi, I have told you that I will not leave until my paperwork for the day is finished. More to the point, I've already told you that I don't wish to join you in your nightly debauchery. You are welcome to use your time off in whichever way you wish, but remember that I am free to do the same. I am choosing to fully complete the responsibilities for someone in my position, just as you yourself should," Jackpot. Just the sort of thing that I was looking for. She sounds like quite a toughie.

"Oh? How admirable," I say playfully, throwing the door wide as I confidently stride into the girl's office. I do remember to kick the door closed on my way in as well. Just in case.

By the time that I reach her desk, I can already see recognition in this girl's eyes. Of course, I am rather important, it wouldn't do for her to forget the names of her superiors. "Lady Lapislazuli!" She scrambles to rise out of her chair and gives me a deep bow. Ah, there it is. I've been meeting far too many people who give me crap for no reason. I may not be one to stand heavily on ceremony, but it's still nice to be given proper respect every once in a while.

"Just Hecatia is fine," I say dismissively, knowing full well that she's not likely to listen to the suggestion. Well, regardless of if she does or doesn't, I could use it as ammo either way. While she's preoccupied with her bowing, I chose to glance over at her desk.

She should have a nameplate buried somewhere under all those neat stacks of paperwork, I just have to pick it out. Ah, Eiki Shiki, yes that was her name. It was just on the tip of my tongue, I swear. We have a lot of Yamas, I can't be blamed for not keeping track of all of them. It's just that I haven't met with this one all that much. In my defense, if you were to look at one of our nonexistent org charts, I would be waaaay up and quite a bit to the left of her. Or maybe to the right. Depends on who made it.

After a bit of waiting, it seems that she's not just letting this bow end quickly. I guess that's the Japanese branches for you. Ah, that gives me an idea!

I take a quick step around the girl's desk and place a hand on her shoulder. "Thanks for the gesture, but I doubt that the ground is really that interesting. You can come up now. I'm not used to the bowing thing, y'know?" I keep my own voice playful and casual, as is normal for me. Starting off light makes it much easier to catch people off guard if I decide to turn up the godliness.

"Yes ma'am," The girl stands up straight again and I take a moment to get a good look at her. A beautiful, almost perfect face. Deep blue eyes, just barely showing signs of over work. Short green hair, just a little longer on one side. The clothes are the usual stuffy uniform, but that doesn't matter much. She'll certainly do for a bit of fun. I hope we can both enjoy this, and if not, well I'll be getting mine either way. Yyou can't work in Hell for too long without developing a bit of a sadistic streak.

"I'd rather do a something more normal for me," I grab both of her shoulders and plant a quick kiss on each cheek. She holds back something she was going to sputter out and looks at me, clearly a bit thrown off.

"I don't believe that that's the normal greeting in Hell," She does a good job of sounding as even as possible, despite being taken by surprise.

"I was talking about Greece," It has been a while since I've visited my old home, come to think of it. Well, I think my Earth self may have visited within the last few decades. "You've got a point there though."

There's a lull in the conversation which I use to continue observing my cute underling for the night. A bit short, but she still has womanly, if a little thin, figure. Her breasts are almost completely hidden under the uniform, but they're likely still enough of a handful that I don't think I'll feel too disappointed if anything special comes of my visit. I can at least see her bare legs like this. Quite beautifully sculpted, I have to say, and completely smooth and flawless. I wonder if Yamas have to work out.

"Did you need something of me?" Eiki asks eventually, not giving any indication if she notices my observation.

"Not really. I was just in the area and thought I could check on my subordinates for a bit," What I'm saying is mostly true at least. "You can sit down and do your work like normal if you want. Maybe we can just chat for a bit."

"I see," Eiki says simply, sitting down and getting back into her paperwork. She seems just a bit more stiff than she was when she thought it was someone else coming to visit her, but a surprise visit from your boss' boss' boss'... and so on, will do that.

With nothing specific to talk about, Eiki inevitably begins talking about the specifics of what she's working on right now. I'm not interested, but that's not the point of what I'm doing, so I let her talk as much as she wants. I pay a minimal amount of attention to what she's actually saying, instead focusing on subtly shifting myself around as I lean over the side of Eiki's desk.

My shirt, being as fashionable as it is, is very low cut. Given my sizable breasts, leaning over like I'm doing right now allows quite a bit of cleavage to be seen by anyone who happens to look. That's not the only reason that I like this outfit in particular, but it's pretty high on the list. It's the simplest bait for sinners there is, and yet, people still fall for it.

Eiki's words catch in her throat for a moment when she first notices, but she doesn't want to point anything out. Not one to speak against her betters then? She disguises it as a cough and continues on in the same tone as always. After that she only gives my chest a few covert glances every now and then. Perfect. I don't know if she's interested or just amazed that I'm so unaware of my own body, but I frankly don't care. She's given me more ammo, and I plan to use it.

After Eiki finishes her explanation of the importance of her sixth straight form, I decide I've given out enough eye candy to move on. "And yet, despite all this work, the inflow of souls from this jurisdiction sure does seem slow. At least from here into Hell."

Eiki grimaces. Even though I hadn't been accusing her of anything, the criticism was obvious. "I am willing to personally take some of the blame. I may judge some of our cases a bit too lightly," She answers, sitting up straight in her chair. She's trying really hard not to look at my breasts now, isn't she? "I will also have to have a talk with Komachi about lowering the distance of the Sanzu. She likely uses it to take a break, and it does have an affect on our throughput."

"Oh I don't mind," This is all lead in for some fun after all. "Less work doesn't bother me."

"Regardless, it is improper that I allow my subordinate's negative actions to affect the works of those above her station."

"Well I wouldn't worry too much about that, but I guess if a superior doesn't correct her behavior, no one else will," I answer, trying hard to keep the playfulness out of my voice. She really is just handing this to me.

"Quite right," Eiki agrees immediately, nodding along as if I've said something wise. "That's why I have been doing my best to act as a positive role model for any that I meet, both inside and outside of the Ministry. I believe that if a leader acts with moral integrity, then those under her will eventually follow."

I think now is a good time to take the rug out from under her. "I also assume that the same thing applies to you then?"

"Excuse me?" She seems ready to continue talking herself up in order to impress me, but my question threw her off.

"If you were behaving badly, then it would be the job of your superiors to put you on the right path then?" I ask. Now let's go in for the kill. "Like say for example, if you were inappropriately leering at other members of the Ministry."

"I... Don't know what you're talking about," Eiki denies it just a little too quickly.

"Such a rare sight to see a lying Yama! That's a sin, you know?" I laugh playfully at her. She's not just trying not to look at my chest anymore, now she's trying not to look at me at all. Shouldn't she know what a guilty person looks like by now? Maybe she's just not used to being on this side of an interrogation. "Not that I mind exactly, but like you said, behavior changes sometimes have to come from someone above you."

"Miss Lapislazuli I-" I cut her off with an open palm slap against her desk. It's just a hand against wood, but it's loud enough to get the point across. The friendly conversation time is over. It's Hecatia Lapsilazuli's punishment games time.

Before I speak again, I notice that my hand happened to land right next to... Ah, that's a fun plan. This should work out perfectly. "I said to call me Hecatia," I stand up next to Eiki and take a more serious tone, grabbing the Rod of Remorse off her desk as I do so. "We'll have work on your listening skills too. Stand."

Eiki looks up at me almost fearfully. I'm sure she didn't expect this happening to her when she decided to stay late. Well, I know that I'm going to be relatively harmless when this is all said and done, but I also can't blame her for being intimidated. As she reluctantly stands up from her chair, I grab a pen off of her desk. 'Eiki Shiki' gets written at the top of the rod, then one other word comes immediately below that; 'Lust'.

The rod quickly grows heavy in my hand, this is one of the deadly sins we're talking about after all. Even if I'm mixing religions a bit, weight of the rod is always going to match the weight of the sin. However, the number that appears below the other writing, indicating the number of strikes I should give out as punishment, is disappointingly low. Oh well, it's to be expected with someone like her, and it's not like I was going to follow along with that number anyway. What Eiki doesn't know won't hurt her. Or rather it will in this case.

"Miss... Hecatia," Good. She had to pause in there, but I know she can take instruction at least. This should be fun. "I apologize for any perceived inappropriateness on my part, however I must say that using the Rod of Remorse outside of an official hearing is highly irregular and-"

SLAP

That's a good noise. Both the sound of the rod meeting Eiki's butt, and the surprisingly cute 'eep' noise that she made when I struck her. I keep the rod pressed against her, tracing it in a slow circle over her left butt-cheek. She turns her head to look at me with a shocked expression that I can't help but enjoy. "I'll be sure to notify your supervisor," I practically growl out at her, letting my smile be as sinister as it wants.

Before Eiki can respond, I swiftly use my left arm to force her down across her desk. Paperwork and writing utensils scatter out wildly, but I ignore them. The mess can be cleaned up later. I'm not slowing down my fun.

"Eiki Shiki, Yamaxanadu," I'm sure she's heard this kind of speech all the time, but never from the receiving end. I have to hold in the urge to laugh at the role reversal. Instead, I take on as serious a voice as I can manage. "I am giving you this opportunity to repent for the sin of lust. I will now strike you an amount proportional to your crime, and will only stop when you have fully atoned. Do you have anything to say in your defense?"

Honestly, what can she say? She could say that even though it may be true that she glanced down my shirt, that in itself isn't lust. If I choose not to believe her though, she's left with nothing. I'm the one following her idea of top-down behavioral changes here. Trying to get out of this would only make it clear that her philosophy doesn't work the moment after she brought it up. The question is if she's more okay with looking bad in front of her superior than she is with being punished for a sin she's barely guilty of.

"I... Have nothing to say, Miss Hecatia," And that solves that question.

SLAP

Eiki jerks in surprise at the hit. Of course, I don't plan to hit anywhere other than her ass, but maybe she was expecting something different. "Then I'll give you some hints," I lean over and speak down the back of Eiki's head, trying to sound helpful and pleasant. "I am a beautiful woman, right?"

"Y-Yes." Eiki doesn't hesitate that much to answer. Well, I try not to let others kiss up to me that much most of the time, but it's still nice to be complimented.

"Of course," I agree. "I am a goddess. I can be elegant and fashionable while also being damn sexy, isn't that right?"

This time Eiki hesitates. I'm leading her here, it shouldn't be that hard to tell where I want her to go.

SLAP

"Yes!" Eiki quickly answers after I smack her butt again. The only bad thing about this set up is that I can't see Eiki's face. I'm sure her pained and surprised expressions whenever she gets spanked are really cute. Let me think, she doesn't seem like someone who'd have tears from just this much. She's probably still in the gritting her teeth and trying not to act bothered by it stage. Well, let's keep going.

"Yes ma'am!" I correct her. "Now explain what this beautiful, sexy goddess tempted you into!"

There's another pause, and I begin raising the rod again. Even though Eiki can't see me with her head down against her desk, she can at least tell that I'm moving. "L-lust," She chokes out awkwardly before I can take another swing. Well, that's faster than I expected an answer, but it's still not much of one. So...

SLAP

Eiki's hips jerk against the edge of the desk as she squirms forward, involuntarily trying to get away from the rod. I hear some more paperwork scatter, but am too busy to care where it goes. Someone else can clean that up for me. "Go on!"

"I was tempted to lust, ma'am!"

SLAP

"Not enough!"

"I was lustily staring at Miss Hecatia's body!" I can practically hear Eiki's grit teeth as she struggles out this admission.

Ah this is great. Torturing the damned for eternity is one thing, but it's a bit more fresh to work with someone who isn't used to being tormented. I begin tapping on Eiki's ass playfully, alternating between cheeks and making a small "Hmmm," noise as if I'm considering something. Well, I am considering something, but it's not about Eiki's forced punishment. I'm trying to think about how I should bring this around to me eventually getting off instead of just indulging in my own sadism. Before I can come to a conclusion however, I happen to glance down at the Rod of Remorse.

The number went up.

Only by one, but you have to consider that that's with the subtraction of the four that I've already given. This girl, lying face down against her desk and being spanked by her superior, is actually lusting more now than she was when I started. Even if it's only a little, she is getting turned on by this.

Oh I am so glad that I came here today.

I reach down, wrenching Eiki's underwear down from her hips and letting them dangle somewhere around her knees. Black and white strips? How adorable. As I move back up, I grab the hem of her dress and pull it up as well, bunching her uniform up under her waist. This let's me see exactly what I'm working with. A nicely toned, perky little butt. It's pleasantly a bit larger than I expected on this girl's frame as well.

"Okay then," I continue as I watch Eiki's legs squirm around, probably trying to keep her panties from falling completely off. "Tell me why you were tempted Miss Hecatia's body,"

No immediate response.

SLAP

I want her to talk before she can think. It doesn't matter to me if she's honest or not, just that she says what I want to hear. Falling into silence is obviously no good. It gives her too much time to think. It wouldn't be hard to lose the mood if Eiki has too much time to consider the ridiculousness of me punishing her for nothing more than my own amusement.

Eiki shifts slightly, and for a moment I consider spanking her again. Eventually she manages to mumble something out. "I could see your chest."

SLAP

I go a bit lighter with my hit this time. It was an answer at least. "You're going to have to say more than that."

"When you-" SLAP "-When Miss Hecatia leaned over my desk, I could see down her shirt, letting me see almost all of her breasts," Eiki's obviously embarrassed by being forced to explain herself. It must not be often that she has to deal with anyone higher on the ladder than she is. Her answer isn't exactly what I want to hear. She probably needs more prompting. Even if it turns out that she's actually getting into this, it will take a bit more before she actually lets herself go.

SLAP

"They're wonderful aren't they?" I say confidently, sparing a glance down at my own cleavage. "Probably a bit bigger than what you're used to."

Eiki squirms again. Should I be using my left hand to hold her down? It's probably not necessary, she hasn't tried to get up yet. "Not quite," SLAP "Not quite, ma'am," Her answer somewhat surprises me. Well, I suppose there are those more gifted than myself out there, but I didn't think she'd bring it up.

"Oh?" She's just going to give me more ammo here, isn't she? "Do tell."

"One of my subordinates here, a shinigami, is also... Quite endowed," Oh don't be coy. Now I'm just a little curious. I'll make a mental note to check on Eiki's underlings later. The show must go on for now though.

SLAP

"And I suppose that you stare at those just as much as you did mine," I try to sound accusing, even though I'm not in the least bit bothered.

"No of course not!"

SLAP, SLAP

I love seeing the tiny little ripple that comes out when you strike either cheek hard enough. "Oh, and we had been making progress too," I act disappointed, even though I'm really enjoying myself more than I ever expected to.

Eiki just groans in response. Her ass is definitely getting to be bright red by this point. I make a mental note to have one of my other bodies grab some lotion for me when they're not busy. I'm going to have to do some serious aftercare for this. This isn't someone in Hell that's going to get tortured anyway. This girl actually has to sit on this ass and get work done tomorrow. Well, as long as I'm responsible about this it shouldn't be much more than some temporary discomfort.

SLAP

"Is that all it takes for you, miss Yama? Just a nice pair of tits in front of you and you're drooling all over yourself?" I reach my hand down suddenly, lightly running a finger along her vulva. Yup, she's definitely excited now. "In more ways that one?" Eiki yelps in surprise at my touch, but again doesn't respond. I give her another SLAP.

"No!" Eiki quickly denies. "I only notice them occasionally!"

SLAP, SLAP, SLAP

"More lies!" I may be pushing hard here, but I think now is the right time. Even if I had originally started by just messing with her for fun, I seem to have stumbled upon an actual hidden truth. Now the cracks in her mask are starting to show. "You already admitted to your lust once!"

SLAP

"We're only going to be able to work through your behavior when you admit to everything!" I scold her, leaning down so that my face is just above her head. From this angle, the distance makes it difficult to get good leverage on a spank, but the more important thing is being able to whisper into Eiki's ear. "We'll start again."

SLAP

"What sin have you been committing?"

SLAP

"L-lust, ma'am."

Nervous, but she still said it. "Who have you been lusting over?"

SLAP

"My co-workers, ma'am!"

A bit more urgent, good. She's worked up, like a good little M. "What about your co-workers?"

SLAP

"I've been lusting for their bodies!"

Quick and snappy response this time. I don't have time to bother her about dropping the ma'am. "Why?!" I demand loudly.

SLAP

"B-because..." Eiki seems at a loss for words, but I think it's more that she doesn't know what to say than it is that she doesn't want to say it.

"Because even you can't be honest about your actions!" I declare, standing up from the desk and taking a stand directly behind her. "Even while you're pretending to be a role model you can't keep yourself from staring at women's bodies! Now admit to your perversion and TELL. ME. WHY," I punctuate each word with another light slap. I may be prompting her here, but the important thing is how she chooses to admit to it.

"B-because..." I rear back in preparation as Eiki draws in a deep breath. "Because I am a perverted sinner who can't stop lusting for others!" She cries out loudly.

SLAP SLAP SLAP SLAP

I strike so hard that Eiki's body pushes the heavy desk forward a few inches. Well, it's a good thing that I know this place is deserted. The noise from her admission and my punishment would definitely be heard by anyone still in the offices.

I unceremoniously drop the Rod of Remorse to the side, letting it clatter onto the floor as I flex my hand. I may have been gripping it a bit harder than I needed to, but I'm pretty excited here too. Eiki finally collapses into a heap next at the bottom of her desk. One hand limply holds onto the top, while the rest of her descends into a roughly breathing and occasionally shivering lump. I don't think she came, but she's definitely made a sticky mess of the paperwork she was laying on. I hope she has copies.

I decide to let Eiki catch her breath while I focus on getting ready for the next step. Glancing down at the discarded rod, I can see that Eiki's sin has far from lowered, in fact it's multiplied. I'd be lying through my teeth if I tried to pretend that I wasn't turned on by our play as well. Why not allow both of us to have some fun?

Eiki's not in a position to watch me at the moment, so I choose to take my clothes off without making a show of it. I unhook my skirt and kick it off to the side, then get rid of my underwear in a similar fashion. My shirt takes a bit more maneuvering, I have to slip the Earth and Moon through first before I can fully remove it. Well, the low, wide cut is functional for this. The polos crown and Spirit World stay, of course, while my other selves can continue to do as they wish.

Now naked, I sit myself down in Eiki's chair, spreading my legs wide and leaning back. Well, even if they're skimping on the heating here, at least they splurged for comfortable chairs. Alright, back into character. We don't need casual Hecatia now, we need Goddess of Hell Hecatia. "Eiki Shiki," I say commandingly, staring down at the shuddering mess of a girl beneath me. "I'm going to have mercy on you and give you an opportunity to satisfy your lusts."

Eiki slowly drags her head up and gazes at me with an unfocused stare. Wow, that spanking took a lot out of her. Her face flushed and tears just barely hanging onto the edges of her eyes, she jerks with surprise at suddenly finding me naked and sitting in her chair.

"M-miss..." Eiki seems unsure where to put her eyes. Oh you cute, cute little girl. Of course it's okay for you to lust over me now.

"Shut up, and do what you want to do," I command, reaching a hand down to beckon her. "Don't think about your work, your job, your status, or your title. Just get up here," Even with that, there's still some hesitation left. Should I have spanked her a little harder? Well, that's still an option. "That's an order!" I snap loudly.

"Y-yes ma'am!" She stammers out quickly, failing to completely hide her eagerness behind the excuse of doing what she's told.

Even though she starts out right next to my lower lips, I'm not surprised that she goes up for my breasts first. These girls are the things that brought this whole situation about after all. It seems like Eiki is much more a breast woman than an ass one. Well, I won't judge her for personal taste. I'm glad that it worked out this way.

Eiki hovers over me with a mix of anticipation and nervousness on her face. Relax girl, this will be good for both of us. When I give her a sly, encouraging smile, she finally begins to touch me experimentally. It starts off with simple squeezing. From what I know about Eiki, I can't imagine she gets nearly enough chances to play around with girls, but this is just a little too timid. "This is about you and your desires," I remind her, arching my back up slightly to jut my breasts into her face. "Don't be afraid to be rough," Most of my sex lately has all been pretty forceful after all. I've gotten used to it.

Ah, that's better. The squeezing quickly progresses to fondling and rubbing. The fondling moves on to kneading and pinching. I'm not at all shy about using small moans and body shifts to help her work out exactly what I like done to me. Eventually Eiki's focus brings her face in even closer. Of course she can't help but do what comes natural next.

I let out a soft hiss as Eiki's mouth gives my nipple a tentative kiss. Encouraged by my reaction, she continues. I look down at her lightly blushed face as she lightly toys with the tips of my breasts. I grab her head and pull her against me, trying to encourage her to go rougher without having to speak. Once she catches on, I reward her with an unashamedly lewd groan.

Even I'm a little surprised at how this whole situation has progressed. This level of fun was well beyond my wildest expectations coming here. One of our Yama's being willing to take up a submissive role was such a nice treat for me against the stress I've been building up.

After a long time with Eiki's continued ministrations, I'm feeling pretty excited myself. Eiki's body is straddled over my right leg, so I can tell that I'm not the only one. "Clothes off," I groan to her at some point, and she attempts to comply without stopping her play. Her hat was gone long ago, as were her panties. All that really remains is for her to remove her uniform and bra, which she manages to do an admirable job of doing without separating from my body too much.

Even though she's undressed, Eiki continuing to work my body over means that I can't get that great a look at her. Well, I can tell that I was right about the size of her chest. Not nearly as voluptuous as my own, but a perfectly reasonable and perky handful. She jolts just a tiny bit when I begin tweaking her already hard nipples, but it seems she won't let the interruption faze her.

While Eiki seems content to focus solely on my breasts, I don't let my hands spend too long on any one part of her body. I let them roam freely up and down her slim frame. One moment I grasp at the back of her head, controlling the intensity of her mouth work, the next I reach down to cup her still bright red and sore bottom. She seems to appreciate everything I do, if her increasing intensity is any indication.

I finally decide that I've had enough teasing. Even though I said that this is about Eiki's desires I'm sure that we'd be here all night if I let her continue like this. The ever growing moisture dripping down on my leg makes it clear to me that she's not in much of a thinking mood. Not that I'm one to talk, given the mess I'm making on Eiki's chair.

My hands stop roaming Eiki's body, coming together to cup her face. She looks surprised when I pull her up my body and catch her lips with my own. I keep her there, lazily slipping my tongue into her mouth. Ah, I feel her face heating up, did she think that she wouldn't be allowed to do this much after what she's already done? What a silly girl. The time to be embarrassed is long passed.

I slowly increase the intensity of my tongue, breaking to grab some air occasionally. Eiki gradually starts reciprocating, so I let go of her face and instead pull her body up against my own. I feel her thinner body squirm anxiously against my own, as her kisses get more and more urgent. Well, as excited as she gets for what's coming next, I'm still getting mine first. I am in charge here, you know?

On the next separation, I curve my mouth into a wide smile. Eiki's response is a confused, and almost hungry look back. I push down with my hands, currently hovering somewhere around her hips. She goes along with it, lowering herself back down along my body. She lets out a cute little moan when her breasts rub down across my own, but I continue pushing her even lower.

"You didn't get a chance to look here when you were committing your sin," I say imperiously down to her. "But we both know the path that your lust would lead you down eventually," Heh, Welcome ❤ Hell indeed.

Eiki doesn't say anything in response, instead choosing to stare at my vagina. The look on her face was tense and excited. She knows what's going to happen and is clearly into it, so I don't see the point in her acting conflicted.

"Well, get to it," I swiftly bring my left leg up and around to Eiki's back, pushing her toward me. "There's no point hesitating when you've already come this far!"

In spite of what I say, Eiki still begins somewhat hesitantly. She works the outer lips slowly, getting used to the taste, smell, and feel of it all. Ooh, was that a bit of teeth I felt there? Intentional or not, I coo happily in response. That seems to encourage her.

After growing more comfortable with what she's doing, I notice Eiki seems to fall into something of a rhythm. I wonder just how experienced she is at this. I can't possibly be her first, can I? She's had centuries to at least try it, right? Well, she's doing a wonderful job either way, so there's not to much importance in actually knowing the answer. Between experience or natural talent, it doesn't make much difference to me as long as it's pleasuring me, and she most definitely is.

Eiki adds fingers to the mix, and at first I'm a little confused why it's only one hand. I do like it rougher, you know? Just judging from the movement of her shoulders though, I quickly surmise that she's using her other hand to attend to her own needs. Well, I'll allow it as long as she doesn't slack off. She's working hard enough to bring me to involuntary twitches of pleasure, so I'm not going to complain.

It seems like I've made the right decision. As Eiki works both of us, her pace begins to increase. Ahhhh, that's good. Just a-just a little to the left. Okay, now deeper. Good, good, keep your fingers working even while you're focusin-AH! Perrrfect. Even though I don't vocalize any actual instructions, Eiki does a good job of hitting most of the right spots. It must help that I'm not bothering to hold in my moans even slightly. Come to think of it, neither is Eiki.

She almost seems to be having trouble breathing. The frantic pace of her attacking my pussy, combined with her own building orgasm and lewd moans were all factors. For my part, I'm barely paying attention to anything other than the head of the girl that I'm clinging to desperately, fingers lost in her short green hair. Even when she's eating me out, this girl so damn cute!

I can feel the point of no return approaching rapidly. As my body starts to tense so hard that I'm almost shaking, Eiki has the good sense to go for the kill. I let out a loud, incoherent screech when she suddenly moves up and roughly attacks my clit with her tongue. Even with my eyes shut tight, I still somehow see my vision go white as I lose control of myself and climax.

... Phew.

When I start to come down into a comfy feeling of post orgasm, the first one of my senses that chooses to cooperate with me is touch. I'm aware of Eiki continuing to slowly lick at my vagina, as well as my own hands still deeply entwined with her hair. I hope I didn't pull on her too hard while I was cumming. As if in apology, I slowly start to stroke Eiki's head, simply enjoying the feeling as I try to regain the rest of my faculties.

When I look down, I can see that Eiki isn't using her arm to bring herself off anymore, so I imagine she managed to reach climax at around the same time that she got me. Well, I'm happy for her, but maybe I have been a little selfish. I'll have to correct that... Once I feel like getting up.

Actually, I wonder... My head lazily rolls to the side so that I can glance over to where I left the Rod of Remorse. Oh... That is not a small number. Well, this girl must be pretty backed up I guess. Just one round isn't going to be enough then? Fine by me. That's just what I was hoping for.

"Get up," I command. My voice isn't quite as intimidating as it probably should be, but I'll just use the excuse that that isn't my natural tone. Eiki's not going to ruin the mood by criticizing anyway. She's obviously perfectly willing to stand, though her shaky legs are making it a bit harder than it needs to be. "It looks like even that wasn't enough to satisfy your lust, was it?"

"No," Eiki answers immediately, then corrects herself. "No ma'am."

"Well then," I rise up from Eiki's chair, feeling a second wind start to come on as I stand. "Let's continue."

Eiki offers no resistance this time as I turn her around and push her by her shoulders onto her desk again. You'd think she'd be concerned about the mess getting even worse, but I won't say anything if she doesn't.

A ton of ideas on the next step flood my mind. The obvious choice is to return the favor and eat Eiki out, but that's probably the most plain idea. I know that my Earth body has had enough time to grab some lotion, so maybe I should spend some more intimate time with Eiki's worn, still slightly red ass. After care is important after all. Though if I'm bringing in my Earth body, maybe I should just bring all three of me in here and we can really give her a good time. Then maybe we could also add in Eiki's titty monster shinigami as well, just to make sure everyone knows how workplace hierarchies are structured.

Well, we have all night, and after this little episode, I can't imagine that I won't be back soon. I'm sure Junko will understand that this girl is just too delicious to leave alone forever.

But for now...

My head turns and glances down at the discarded Rod of Remorse again.

Then back to Eiki's bent over form. She wiggles her ass just a tiny bit, but even from that I can't help but get excited again.

Maybe a few more slaps wouldn't be too bad.

There were a lot of miserable tengu in the academy, but right now, Momiji was sure she was the by far the most.

She hadn't been eating well--coming back from their scant time off was always brutal, as the sudden shift back to dry rice cakes and tinny water leaving her feeling drawn and her stomach growling.

She hadn't been feeling well--she'd fairly well shit out her daily Operational Pedigree Minimum, somehow in the haze deciding it was better to face the screaming of her instructor and do the whole thing again--all one hundred pushups, situps, squats, and the run, all ten kilometers of it.

She hadn’t been sleeping well--time and again, she flopped into bed at the end of a grueling day of training, waiting for rest to come. Despite the exhaustion, it never did--not until five minutes before reveille, anyway.

And, like her sleep, the other thing that wasn't coming was Momiji herself. The cadets turned a blind eye on one another's more intimate needs--sometimes even giving each other a "helping hand,” but between the OPM, the drills, and her advanced placement duties, she just hadn't had the time.

Not that it stopped her from fantasizing. She tossed and turned in bed, sweat still matting her tail to her leg unpleasantly, groping herself half-heartedly as her need for sleep and her need for sex competed unsuccessfully for her attention, depriving her of either. Finally, she willed her hand out of her panties, trying not to listen to the faint rustle of much more successful masturbation around the bunkroom. Resigned to another miserable night, Momiji drifted off into uneasy, unhappy slumber, fantasizing about someone, anyone, coming to take her woes away.

Momiji dreamed. That handsome recruit from the other side of the mountain was just toweling off after a workout, bare from the waist up. Her eyes were drawn down his abs by the faint sheen of sweat in the midday sun, her gaze lingering on the happy trail peeking back at her from the top of his hakama. He caught her staring. She flushed and looked away, Souta's rakish grin under that shaggy brown hair perfection itself. He cupped her chin with a strong, calloused thumb, turning her head back to face him. She gasped as he wrapped a hand around her, pulling her close. Strong fingers gave her ass an appraising squeeze, apparently liking what they found there, as she felt the stirring of his loins through her skirt. She shivered in need as he grinned knowingly, his hand gliding down her thigh to scoop her up under the knee, putting her on tiptoe. Her eyes met his again and, flush with heat and need, she shivered and nodded, spreading her legs as he parted the folds of his hakama, the heat and musk filling her senses as she nibbled her lip, Souta lowering her onto his waiting--

DING DONG DING DONG DING DONG DING DONG!

The first three words Momiji was cogent enough to form in her head, in order and yet all at once, were "What? Fuck. No!" as the 4 AM bells clanged and the sergeants shouted. Thrashing herself free of her tangled sheets with barely-restrained fury, she came to attention, resisting the urge to shift her thighs while the cadets reported for muster.

"Sparring!" barked her instructor, an old veteran with a mangled ear, eye, and personality. "Eat, shit, and then find your partner! I want blood on the mats, whelps! Tarou! With Hoshiko! Kenji! With Yuudai! Momiji! With Souta!"

Oh, fuck, fuck, mother fuck. Biting into her rice cake with a grimace, Momiji tried to shake the dreams out of her head, but they were stuck fast--and so was her tail to her leg, covering a thin trickle of arousal. She'd gone so long that she'd come that close. Fucking stupid sexy farmboys from bumpkin cantons! She showered hastily, hoping that no one noticed, or at least was going to comment on, how fucking horny she was.

Sparring was an experience. Her libido took the field with her and proceeded to turn her legs to wobbly jelly. He feinted left, then right, his hand brushing past her arm--she felt a tingle of anticipation, excited at the bare frission and the fluid strength on display aaaand then she was on the ground.

"Fuck judo," she told the ground.

Weapons didn't go much better. He was damned good with a staff--in better times Momiji was a dab hand with her sword and shield, but she kept catching the scent of his sweat, and it brought the fitful dreams back up through her hindbrain. She'd try to sidestep, get around him, be anywhere but downwind of Souta, but that just put the sun in her eyes. Two times, he hooked his bo around the back of her ankle and turned crisply, pulling her weight out from under her and sending her ass to the floor. By the third, Momiji had just decided this was her home now, and in her exhaustion, even the cold, dewy earth felt soft and inviting...

"Daydreaming?" Her sergeant asked, voice honey and silver. Oh fuck.

She bolted upright so fast she nearly slammed her forehead into his. "No sir!" she reported. "Simply winded, sir!"

"I noticed," he replied, dropping the sugary tone like her sparring partner kept dropping her. Ohhhh fuck. "Souta!"

"Sir!" He stood ramrod straight, a match for his staff in one hand, planted in the ground.

"Apparently, you're on jujutsu today. Momiji, you can keep your weapons. You clearly need them. Another hour."

Momiji resisted a wince. "Sir," she responded, trying to hide the shame in her voice.

As he marched off, Souta gave her a sympathetic, sheepish smile, which did absolutely nothing but remind her how much she wanted to just stare at him a while. They took ready positions--gods damn it, he was downwind again--the faint breeze caught his lapels, the sun positively glittering in the beads of sweat running down his defined clavicle. She found herself staring at his bare chest under the thin cotton of his training clothes.

The distraction lasted. Momiji tried to focus, reciting lessons, koans, prayers, anything she could think of in her head. Every third or fourth line was automatically replacing itself with lurid and overwrought prose from an old dirty book she'd read once. She felt her nipples stiffen under her wrappings, a familiar tingle between her thighs.

And then, Souta was on top of her. He moved so fast--her sword flipped end over end through the air, her shield twisted aside, Souta's presence was on her, his meaty thigh between her legs, his rippling bicep curled around her, his bare chest against her side, brushing her breast through that awfully-thin fabric as they fell through eternity and he brought her to the ground.

For a moment--for just one moment--pinned beneath the strong, handsome tengu man--Momiji's feral instincts took hold, her lust held sway, and that nagging urge in the back of her head surged to the fore, taking over and telling her--this is good. Unseen beneath her fellow wolf, Momiji spread her legs, going supine and splaying wide, ready to accept anything he did to her.

...Which, as it turns out, was another spar. Satou, with his head like a bag full of sand, never noticed, leaving Momiji to come back to her senses after that brief leave of absence, flushing brightly as she tried to forget what she just did.

She was still trying to forget it in the showers when the whole ordeal was done. The ice cold water helped barely at all as she remembered that thin book, with the ice on the nipples? And damn it, there they went again.

"So that was interesting," purred a voice behind her.

Momiji didn't cover herself as she turned--your packmates saw every bit of you sharing the space so intimately, so why bother?--and grimaced, recognizing the voice an instant too late. "Himekaidou," she growled... an instant before her heart dropped. "What did you say?"

"I saw, Inubashiri. Or should I call you Momiji?" Hatate asked mockingly. "Since you're all so close."

"Wolves don't lean on their family names. That's probably a novel concept to you," Momiji replied icily, trying to ignore the heat blooming in her face as she reached for her towel.

Hatate snatched it first, twirling it once and laying it over one shoulder as she gave the wolf a theatrical look up and down. "So what was your game plan? Get rutted in the dirt until your sergeant came back? Hey, maybe he'd join in! You probably like a bit of gray behind the ears, eh?"

Momiji checked the urge to bare her teeth, glaring a hole in her least favorite crow. Her face was a little flush herself, her clothes rumpled and messy. "What, never seen a girl naked before?" She asked. "Or did you just roll off your dad?"

Hatate chuckled, stepping into the shower stall. "I was just thinking, that's a good look for you. Maybe a collar, and sitting about yea high?" She rather pointedly leveled a palm at crotch height, sweeping it back and forth for emphasis.

Bemused, Momiji turned and twisted the shower lever to full, blasting them both with freezing cold water. Snickering at the drenched bird, she moved to step past, satisfied with herself.

And in a sudden burst of action, Hatate caught her and pushed back with surprising speed, slamming her against the shower wall. Water thundered down on them as the wolf was left at a loss for words for a moment, Himekaidou smirking. She reached past Momiji, turning the shower handle higher and hotter.

Squeak. Squeak. Squeak.

"Himekaidou," Momiji panted, still stunned. "What the fuck are you--"

Her challenge turned into a strangled cry as the crow's knee came up between her own, digging in hard, rivulets of water waving the silver-gray hair back and forth on Hatate's pale skin.

"You want it more than you hate me," Hatate replied. "Go on. Tell me I'm full of shit."

Momiji groaned in disappointment as the thigh spreading hers departed, leaving her feeling cold and empty inside, even as the steam began to rise. She... she couldn't. Fuck, she needed this.

"That's what I thought," Hatate said, smirking as Momiji looked away, cheeks burning and ears low. "Hey, want to see something fun?" Reaching into her pocket, she produced her checkerboard phone--her trademark and Momiji's consternation--shaking off a few drops of water with a grimace. "Here we are. 'Submissive...doggy...slut.' Oh yes, I'm feeling lucky. Hit search, and... Take a look."

Momiji looked up into the bright, backlit screen, adorned with pictures of... herself. Masturbating. Sucking her first dick. That one boyfriend who liked taking her on all fours. That day, when no one was watching, that she slipped the leash around her neck, admiring it in the mirror, giving it sharp little tugs even as her free hand wandered aimlessly across her body.

"Like I said," Hatate repeated, the fire in Momiji's cheeks now some kind of wonderful, lingering burn. "About yea high?"

Glaring up resentfully, Momiji shivered and, discarding the last of her pride, slowly sank to her knees, kneeling before the crow in the shower stall.

"Good girl, good girl," Hatate praised, dripping with smug condescension that nonetheless made Momiji's heart race. "Good girls get a reward, don't they? Go on." The next word was not honeyed, but hard as iron. "Lick."

Slob that she was, Hatate hadn't worn underwear. Peeking under her sodden skirt, the first thing that greeted Momiji was a mussed thicket of brown hair, warmer still than the water around them. Her ears tented the fabric as, slowly, she leaned in, still disbelieving that this could be happening. The room returned to light as Hatate pulled her skirt off the top of Momiji's head, smirking down at her over her flat little chest, all too eager to watch every moment of this. Momiji pressed her nose in, and--

Another scent. Strong. Powerful. Masculine. Souta's.

Before she could pull back, Hatate grabbed her with both hands and forced her in deeper, nose buried in the crow tengu's cunt. Her muffled moans and gasps only flooded her senses with his potent musk, raw and virile--and inside Hatate.

Shuddering in arousal, Momiji's tongue pressed in, hungry and desperate, ears flat against the back of her head as she licked and sucked the cum from her "lover."

"Ooh, fuck, you're good at that," Hatate hissed. "A girl could get used to this. Does slut need air?" She cooed knowingly.

Eyelids fluttering, Momiji nodded, Souta and Hatate's scents mixing in her nostrils. Hatate let off, letting her pull back and swallow--thick and still hot, feeling the seed slowly slide down the back of her throat, Momiji's feral instincts screamed in her ears.

"Did you like your treat?" Hatate asked knowingly. "I went and had a little fun with him before I dropped in."

"What in the hells did you do to even get him?" Panted Momiji, looking up with disbelief at Mist--at Hatate.

She shot a very, very self-satisfied look down at her new pet and shrugged out of her shirt, bra already half-off beneath. "I just put some peanut butter down there, and the problem took care of itself."

"Fuck you," Momiji hissed weakly, the barb hitting home in all the wrong ways.

"That's the plan," the crow replied cheerily, stripping off her waterlogged kneehighs and slapping them over the stall divider. "Now how about you clean the rest of me?" With one foot, she pressed down on the back of Momiji's head, water dripping from her bedraggled hair as her lips met Hatate's painted toes. Abandoning herself to the swelling feeling of joy clutching tightly in her chest, Momiji meekly kissed and worshipped, tongue lolling to serve.

This is good...

Hatate ruffled Momiji's damp hair with her toes, letting up with the pressure, no longer necessary to keep the submissive wolf kissing and licking. Masturbating herself lightly, she gently nudged Momiji's chin back with her toe. She looked upward obediently as Hatate spread her slit between two fingers. A thick bead of Souta's seed splashed across the bridge of Momiji's upturned nose, Hatate actually laughing as her pet went cross-eyed from the dose of potent heat. The wolf's lapping redoubled as she eagerly and hungrily slurped the cum from Hatate's feet as they pattered down, her tongue finding its way up her ankles, between her calves.

She gasped as she realized she'd propped herself up on her knees to reach, giving Hatate's toe purchase, the nail gracefully dragging across her aching clit and sending sparks running up Momiji's spine. Hatate gently ran her toe back and forth, back and forth, grinding harder against her dripping folds, finally parting her lips, agonizingly slightly, as she toefucked the once-proud cadet.

She looked up only when she heard the clicking of Hatate's phone camera. The heat burned from her forehead to the tip of her tail, which despite (because of?) everything, thumped against the cramped stall walls, wagging in naked excitement. "Speak," Hatate ordered down at her. "And you get another treat."

Shivering, Momiji brought herself up, knees to the floor, and with her heart pounding in her ears, raised her hands in mock-paws, looking up with scarlet cheeks and plain submission. "W-woof..." The camera snapped again and again as the crow hummed cheerfully, removing her toe from between Momiji's shaking thighs and pressing them to her teeth again. No force was required for the wolf to lean forward, suckling her own arousal from Hatate's precious foot.

That was all it took for the hapless, sex-starved Momiji to cum, her first climax in who-knows-how-long rippling through her, tongue outstretched, pinched lightly between Hatate's toes as her every faint, strangled gasp echoed off the walls. Left reeling in place, knees going weak, Hatate lightly nudged her chest with her toe, putting her on her back in the stall.

"Roll over," Hatate directed. Shivering, that camera still flashing against the stark shower walls, Momiji fell supine for the second time in a day, spreading wide and presenting, looking up at Hatate hopefully. The camera clicked, recording her glorious, embarrassing act, as Hatate licked her lips. "Yes, that's it," she muttered. "That's the pose..."

A moment later, Momiji felt the warmth and weight of a body atop her, the feeling she'd craved all along. Fingers pushed inside her without resistance, slicking up with loud, wet noises even over the patter of the shower overhead. Hatate's splayed fingers found Momiji's breast and roughly squeezed, rolling the flesh, pinching the nipple. Her head was forcefully turned to meet the slender crow's, a tongue passed between her lips, a hot spot blooming against Momiji's knee and grinding there back and forth. Hatate broke the kiss with a wet pop, straddling the larger, stronger tengu and grinned, panting. Her hand contoured the side of Momiji's face, and she reflexively nuzzled against it, basking in her Mistress's praise.

"Good girl," Hatate said, even as she repositioned and hooked Momiji's leg around hers, bringing their hips together, and hot frission at their union. Hatate began to grind, pushing further and further ahead, Momiji's leg stretching higher, almost to the point of pain until they were nearly shoulder to shoulder, breast to breast--

And with a final act of dominance, Hatate leaned in and bit Momiji's shoulder, hard, the sub gasping and crying out loud as the rough assertion sent her into a second, screaming orgasm. Hatate ground herself against her pet as she rode it out, each buck of her hips sending a bolt of intense heat through her until, halfway through, she came to her own climax, exhaling hard as she left her mark on the wolf's collar.

They lay there, panting against each other, rivalries and stations forgotten, two naked, drenched tengu, dirtier in the shower than they had been before it, a single coil of tangled arms and legs. Momiji's senses finally came back to her as her eyelids fluttered open, the sight of the hickey blotting on her shoulder all it took to bring the urge to submit back to full.

"More."

Hatate finally staggered free of the amorous wolf's clutches one hour and twenty-three minutes later, bony hips aching, slender chest heaving for air. "What in Tenma's name is wrong with you, you stupid slut? Don't you ever get enough?"

"What's wrong?" Momiji asked with a lusty grin, hauling herself back up as Hatate buckled over the shower stall divider. "Spank me more, I'm a bad dog."

"How the fuck," gasped Hatate, "do you have this much stamina?"

Momiji laughed her wonderfully sore, swollen ass off. "How? How? I drill every day. I'm a conditioned soldier, and you're a fucking scrawny bitch journalist.”

Hatate tried to rise, legs giving out as she twisted around, sliding down miserably to the floor as Momiji finally collected her stolen towel.

"Drills start at four in the morning," She declared, humming cheerfully to herself as she toweled off. "So I expect you at the barracks at three sharp, 'Mistress.'"

Hatate groaned in dreadful agony, hair and wings mussed and drooping as Momiji trotted out of the showers stark naked, refreshed and renewed.

