It had been a couple days since Remilia had left that forsaken hallway. Now she couldn't stop thinking about it... It had been hundreds of years since Remilia last saw Flandre... When Flandre was locked away, at first Remilia could hardly accept it. But now, after hundreds of years she had learned how to deal with it-


Forget all about it. Act like it never happened. Move on. There was nothing she could do about it... so why bother?...


Remilia had repressed it all entirely from her conscience and completely forgotten about her sister. As a result though, she had unknowingly formed a shell around herself. No-one ever got close to her again. It was all fine though since she was the widely feared and prestigious "Scarlet Devil". After all, she was far too powerful to possibly stoop herself to the level of petty little emotions...But Remilia was really just playing with her own mind... that fearsome title was nothing but an excuse... an excuse for her loneliness, an excuse for her isolation.

Remilia was deeply pondering to herself when she was interrupted- she saw a reflection in the window she was staring through.

Sakuya had silently appeared in the doorway carrying a silver platter.


"Your tea, my lady." Sakuya soundlessly put the platter down on the stand next to Remilia's bed. Sakuya began to leave but stopped short just outside of the doorway.


"Is there anything else you need my lady?..." Remilia could hear the concern in Sakuya's voice. Sakuya had noticed how Remilia was increasingly quiet as of late. Remilia usually made little quirks and teasing remarks, but lately she hadn't been talking at all...


"That would be all Sakuya."


Sakuya hesitated for a moment as if searching for something to say. But she couldn't find any words to voice...


"Very well" Sakuya closed the door behind her leaving Remilia to herself.

1:49; Remilia let her breath go. She hadn't even noticed she was holding it in the first place. She closed her eyes. She had been thinking too much lately... She took a deep breath and relaxed for a moment. In her mind a memory began forming again. Instead of resisting as usual she let it take hold... 2:19; Remilia opened her eyes to find herself in Flandre's playroom again. It wasn't the haunting, evil room that she had set foot in a couple days ago... It was the brightly colored room that Remilia, up until now, had locked away in her mind. Flandre was sitting at the little play table and motioning with her doll. Remilia was doing the same with her own doll.


2:41; "Sis' I'm tired of playing with dolls..." Flandre groaned. She put down her little mimic doll. "Why don't we play hide-and-go-seek again?!" Flandre smiled that smile again, that same smile that Remilia loved so dearly. Her little fangs protruded from her mouth and Remilia just wanted to pinch those adorable little cheeks.


"How can I say no to that face?" Remilia inquired, smiling back.


"Yay!" Remilia was quickly rewarded with a even lovelier smile as Flandre grinned even brighter...


"You hide this time Sis', when I hide you always find me so fast."


Remilia frowned. Flandre was notorious for cheating... She was probably going to cheat again. "Fine, but you better not peek this time."


Flandre nodded eagerly and turned around to face the wall. 3:18; She began counting slowly. Remilia looked around scanning her surroundings. She saw a spot that met her conditions in a corner that was covered by stuffed animals. She quickly ran over and ducked in.


"18...19...20!" Flandre turned around and smiled....then she immediately started running towards Remilia's hiding spot.


"Cheater!" Remilia yelled before bursting from her hiding spot and running to avoid Flandre’s outstretched arms. Stuffed animals flew into the air from the act. Flandre laughed as she chased Remilia around the room.

Flandre chased Remilia around the room a couple times smiling that stupid, little grin. Remilia ran awkwardly away from her little sister. Remilia's face beamed red as she ran.


"Cheater! Cheater! Cheater! Che-Aahh!"

Remilia tripped over a stuffed animal as she was running and landed smack-dab on her face. Flandre ran over grinning and kneeled down. She poked Remilia in the back.


"Gotcha " Flandre grinned devilishly.


Remilia turned her beet red face towards Flandre. "You're such a freaking cheater Flan..." They both laughed.



4:55; Remilia opened her eyes again, her heart pumping. But all there was to see was her own reflection in her window... Remilia closed her eyes, her lips quivering.

The rain pattered against the glass as tears began to stream down her face... 

I walk through the Torii and stop for a moment and take in the beautiful view and then catch my breath from the aforementioned view that stole it. I notice the shrine on my right out of the corner of my eye and painfully withdraw my sight away from the aethstetically pleasing enviornment in front of me...and analyze not only the rather plain shrine, but the interestingly pretty shine maiden on the porch of said shine. She had rather fair skin for an asian, comparing that to the typical Tokyo folk, who seemed a bit more rugged than what I thought I would see when I came to japan, though I do believe my opinion on Japanese folk was pretty spot on, even though it gave great credit towards them. All in all, I think it was a great opinion to have, But back to the subject at hand. Among the other features she had, was silky and colorful brown hair with a red-white bow in it. Below that was a strikingly cute face however with a few jagged edges that hinted at that there was more to her than she looks, the kind of look that made seem like she was ready for anything. She wore your average shine maiden dress and at the moment was sweeping the porch of the shrine. Half of myself was telling me to hide in the nearby trees and bushes on my left and see what she does and the other telling me to walk up to her and announce my presence to her. Before I could render a conclusion upon this impasse, I was spotted by her and her eyes widened as if on que. I immediately focused on her and her reaction as she studied me in voracious detail. From what I could tell, she seemed most intrigued by my eyes, probably the shape since I knew Gensokyo was an isolated country. As I began to wonder if she ever saw a foreigner before, her eyes took a slightly conservative stance and her mouth opened and and asked "Anata wa dare desu ka?". Not even moments later was I frivolously searching through my 'internal japanese dictionary' for a proper response and my interpretation centers came online. I soon found one. As I was about to respond, she said "Nevermind, you're an outsider, right? Come with me..." and she walked inside the main structure of the shrine. I promptly followed as asked. She came to a halt at a table and sat in seiza. I assumed the same position at the other side of the table figuring that she wanted me to sit down as we were probably going to be here for a while. I felt the feeling of thed impending impact of the flurry of questions she was about to bring upon me. "First of all, what is your name, mine is Hakurei Reimu." I promptly responded with "My name is Daniel Mayweather, I-" Suddenly I am cut off by the sound of rending timbers and shattering pottery. Still unfazed by the noise, she gets up and says "Wait here a moment, I'll be right back." She exits out of the sliding door we came through in and I begin to hear Reimu shouting "SUIKA!! In the name of all that is good and holy, what are you doing!!!?" I then hear the voice of a different girl, much more childish. "It wasn't my fault Reimu, this black and white girl came carreening through here like it was some kind of racing tournament!" And then the voice of yet another girl, deeper this time. "The name's Marisa, Marisa Kirisame, not Black and White!" "Na, Reimu, what's goin' on, da ze!?" As if on que, I then hear the sound of skin rapping against skin...hard. "Ouch, what was that for!?" I moved toward the door, opened it and saw Reimu standing right outside the shed next to the shrine. "Whats wrong is that you're causing problems." "But I just wanted to say-" She was cut of by the sound of a card being 'swipped'out of a pocket. "Get out or Fantasy Heaven, your choice." "The girl with the childish voice (whose name I think is Suika) cut in to the conversation by asking "Reimu, I don't mean to butt in the middle of something important but who was it you were talking to earlier, I couldn't hear what you were saying very well, but I know that you were talking to someone while I was in the shed." I instinctively closed the door, but just a little too loudly.. "What was that?" The deeper voiced girl (whose name I think is Marisa Kirisame) responded. " Anyway, don't eavesdrop on other peoples' conversations, and second, it's none of your buisness and doesn't concern you." "I don't think you should be saying that..." Kirisame ended the sentence with a chuckle. "And I don't think you should start randomly walking in to my shed uninvited either." "So who is this mysterious person, an outsider, a shy resident from the human village, A secret lover?" "Hey, are you even listening to me, I said get out!" "Fine, fine." I quickly hid at the back of the shrine, and silently for the fear of that girl coming in here. "But first, I'm going to check inside here." And so did my fears come true... "Ugh, I swear this girl doesn't understand the idea that maybe I don't want her here... Marisa just get out of my home already..." I feel your pain Reimu, I feel your pain. "There's nothing here, Reimu, what gives?" I then hear the sliding door open up beside me. "Ahah! Found you!" I slowly turn my head to the left to see a cheerful face in front of mine. "Ah he's a foreigner!" Marisa exclaims.

"A foreigner?" Suika and Reimu question. One moment I was hiding next to a sliding door, the other I was sitting at the same table I sat with Reimu earlier, now including A girl that looks like a western witch, yes hat and everything minus the black cat and an orange haired girl with horns, a blue dress, and a tatered shirt, thankfully not tattered enough to show anything illicit. "Yeah a foreginer is a person that isn't of Japanese ethnicity or in other words a person that wasn't born in japan" "I know that already, but I thought I would never get to see one in person." replied Reimu. "But the problem here is that he might not understand Japanese, right Marisa." Said Suika "That's right, I want to see if he does though." Marisa turned toward me and said "Watashi no koto wa suki da!" with a smile you'd think is impossible for a human being. I replied with "Ore mo suki desu yo." then smiled. "Bikurishita!" Marisa Exclaimed. Reimu then mentioned "I already knew he was able to speak Japanese, I was just waiting for you to say that." Marisa then frowned at Reimu, while Reimu did the opposite toward her, she smirked. I took hold of the conversation by saying: "My name is Daniel Mayweather, I'm not from the country of Japan, rather from the country of America which is across the Pacific Ocean and-" Reimu then cut me off "Stop, you're making my head hurt, I have not a clue on the geology of the outside world nor to I intend to get a lesson on it now." I then frowned at Reimu for her cutting me off and being rude." Normally Yukari is the one in charge of the illusions leading outsiders away from the shrine but it just happens to be the time of year when she is hibernating, and normally Humans that intend to stay are sent to the Human Village, but due to you being a foreginer and all I'm not sure you would blend in with those kinds of eyes, everyone who has passed through that Torii has been Japanese or looked Japanese enough, but you, you're different you don't look japanese at all, and Yukari is asleep so..." Her voice trailed off. "Well I guess that's good for me because I don't intend to stay here forever, I came here on a research trip, A favor for two friends in Kyoto, if you will." I explained. "So where do you intend to stay, you are staying for a while though, right?," Reimu asked "Becauase you aren't staying at this shrine." "Well you've got a point, since this is your shrine, so you make the rules here." "Damn straight." Reimu stated. "I'll take him in" Marisa replied "Seriously?" Me and Reimu asked at the same time. "Well it's not a problem for me, and Alice takes in the occasional human so, why can't I try?" "Because he is planning to stay with you long term." "Still, can't hurt to try, can it?" "Well I guess not, but he's your problem now, ok? So whatever he does is your responsibility." I turned toward Reimu "You make it sound like I'm her pet." "Well considering your abilities in the field of magic..." I decided not to mention I was studying western magic long before coming to Gensokyo."Either way you two need to leave now, since I need to get to sleep.I looked out side and noticed it was dark, very dark. "I guess we better get going then?" I asked Marisa. "Yup, we should." We said out goodbyes and walked out the door.

It was pitch black outside except for the moon. She pulled a broom out of Reimu's shed and put it between her legs and said "Get on" I nervously got on behind her and as we rose into the air my eyes widened. "Beautiful night, huh?" She asked. "Yeah" I responded quietly. I closed my eyes, and heard faintly in my heard Ai Otsuka singing Planetarium. Eventually I couldn't resist and opened my eyes. The view was beautiful as I saw the moonlight shine over the land and the beautiful silence in the air except for the wind. I was broken out of my wistful trance by Marisa asking a question out of the blue. "Hey, I'm just curious, what kind of girls do you like?" "My, my, flirting with me already? Am I really that handsome? I just met you and you're asking these kinds of questions already, is it love at first sight, are you just trying to be friendly?" "Ha, ha, very funny." She replied. "If you really must know, I'm into short haired girls but long haired girls with dual braids are fine too. As for the personality, I like the quiet types especially if the're timid. But if you're asking my opinion of you, I think you're fine the way you are." And before she could even process it I added: "You better not take that as a misunderstanding, I have bad luck with making friends as it is, and I REALLY don't need to get off on the wrong foot here." "No worries, I understand where you're coming from, and I take it you have even worse luck with women in a more than friend sense, too?" "Bingo..." I heard her chuckle... "So tell me about yourself, Daniel..." "Well I'm a 16 year old child prodigy who made it into college at the age of 15 and moved to a host family in Kyoto, Japan to become a Psychiatrist." "Though I don't understand what half of those words mean, Colleges are the main education facilities in the outside world and in order to get a career which earns enough money to make a comfortable living, you need to go through college, right?" "Seems like you've been studying up on our world." "Isn't that kind of obvious?" "Somewhat, you're clothing isn't exactly up to date with japan fashon trend." "I know that much silly, but it's not like it matters much here in Gensokyo does it now?" "You've got a point" Silence reigned for a few minutes until she asked "Hey Daniel, I saw in a book somewhere that people tend to get into college at the age of 18 right?" "Right." "So that means you're super smart, right?" "Yup, I used my vacation time to get the classes I needed done, its not like I had friends to spend the time with anyway." I felt a dark mood decend upon us two I quickly added: "Hey it's not like I could do anything about it, my social skills were pretty much nil since I used to play video games all the time when I was younger." Thankfully, she took advantage of the last sentence to raise the mood. "Those are those interactive moving picture games right?" "Yup I have some on me right now, you can try them out when we get to your house but they're all in english so..." "And whaddya know we're here, I look down and noticed an outcropping we were decending towards which had two houses across from each other but I couldn't make out the features very well due to the darkness. "This is where you're going to be staying for now, kay?" I replied with "Alright, da ze..." "Hey, thats my phrase, don't use it on your own accord!" She lit some candles when we got inside. The place was a complete mess with books strewn around everywhere. "Sorry for the mess...,ze." Giving a sigh in disbelief, I said "It's fine, I'll make do." "Make yourself at home, I'm going to sleep." "Oyasuminasai." She then replied with: "Oyasumi." and left the room. I picked a random book out of a random stack, it said Guide to the Chinese Elements, vol.1, Set 3. I opened the book, looked at the inside cover and it said Property of the Voile Library, Scarlet Devil Mansion. I put book down and picked up another book, it said Mushroom Cusine, Vol.2, and inside the cover it said the same thing: Property of the Voile Library, Scarlet Devil Mansion, I picked up another book, looked inside the cover, same thing. I did this for about ten books and after that I wasn't feeling too sure about Marisa anymore. "Best Case Scenario, she's just a klutz." I thought to myself. "Worst Case Scenario, she's a theif." I check the the couch for any unintended pointy objects lying around and layed down and eased myself to sleep after putting out the candles, the last concious thought I had that night was "Tommorow will be special, Yesterday was not." 

Rinnosuke sighed as he looked around his empty store, frowning as he saw layer after layer of dust on what he considered some of the most precious artifacts from the outside world. It was depressing. Even after he had gotten some brand new objects from the outside world, he still hadn’t gotten any more sales. He even had what they called “next-gen” systems, like the PlayStation 3 and the oddly named Wii. At this rate, he would have to give some of his items away, just so that he could make some more space in his storage room. Besides, he reasoned, if they found out how great his stuff was, maybe they would actually buy things from him.

Heartened with this thought, Rinnosuke tried to think of a way to give his gifts away. While some people, like Marisa, wouldn’t mind something new, others would probably kill him on the spot. He wasn’t really happy with the prospect of dying, so the silver-haired shopkeeper tried to think of a way to give gifts without receiving a seal, laser, fireball, knife, suppository, or whatever in the face. He briefly thought of just mailing the gifts, but he dismissed it on a couple of factors, like the fact that there was no mail service in Gensokyo and chances were that some of the girls would destroy the gifts.

It was then that he remembered a strange custom he had heard of from the other world. Yukari had explained it to him, but he had never really given it much thought. In the other world, during some time of the month in December, relatives and friends would exchange gifts to further strengthen their bonds. Or something like that. And there was a legend about this old, fat man who gave presents to all of the children. Rinnosuke smiled. He might not be old or fat, but he was a man and that was good enough to replicate this legend in Gensokyo. He would, during the night, give gifts to all of the girls of Gensokyo, thus getting rid of his storage problem and, hopefully, getting more business for himself. It was like killing two birds with one stone, to borrow a phrase from the ice fairy, Cirno.

Now that that problem was settled, Rinnosuke began to wonder what kind of gifts he should give each of the girls. He doubted any of them would appreciate the “next-gen” systems, since nobody knew how they worked, although Yukari gave a vague reference to electricity and TV when talking about them. He decided to get them practical things, since he knew that however common an item was, if it was useful, then it would always be appreciated. Adjusting his black-rimmed glasses, Rinnosuke went to business.



‘This is going to be harder than I thought.’ Rinnosuke thought to himself as he stared at the large sack full of gifts he had. While he, probably, could carry them to every single house in Gensokyo, the fact remained that it would take too long and the sun would be up before he finished. ‘If only I could fight and get myself some of those time orbs…Well, maybe some of stuff in my store could help me.’

He walked into the back room of his store, where a looming tower of random knickknacks and doodads sat at a corner. He needed a weapon…one that wouldn’t kill him if he did something stupid. Since he had no fighting experience, he wanted to pick something that he couldn't stab himself with. Spying an ornate lance lying against the wall, Rinnosuke picked it up, shrugging as he did so. It was over eight-feet long in length, so there was little chance he could stab himself with it. And if he didn’t need to use it, he could tie the bag to one of the ends and carry it using the lance.

Now armed with some sort of protection and a sack full of gifts, Rinnosuke decided to begin his journey. His first stop would be the Alice’s house, since she was close to his shop and also because she wasn’t as trigger happy as Marisa. He quickly walked towards her house, making his sure his shop was locked up tight.

Before he could reach her house, however, he was suddenly attacked by a ravenous plant, a long, twisting tendril winding its way up his leg. Dropping his sack, Rinnosuke quickly brought out the spear and stabbed viciously at the plant. To his surprise, the plant immediately shirked away from his attack and disappeared. Looking at the spear, he noticed a faint magical aura surrounding it. ‘That was lucky…Well, hopefully nothing else will disturb me. Sigh…Now I remember why I never leave Kourindou.’

The rest of the way to Alice’s house was uneventful and Rinnosuke managed to slip her gift in through one of the windows, which Alice had mistakenly left open. He also put in an advertisement for Kourindou as well, just in case Alice couldn’t tell who gave her the gift. He continued in this fashion towards Marisa’s house, fending off any monsters that would try to attack him and, happily, getting some time orbs for his trouble. Luckily for him, Marisa’s door was wiiiide open, something that really didn’t surprise him, considering how reckless the human witch was.

Rinnosuke continued with his mission, delivering his gifts and advertisements, fending off any monsters or fairies that tried to kill him, and wishing that he could fly like almost everyone else here. Still, somehow he managed to make it within the time limit, thanks to a little bit of luck and some of the magical items he had brought with him. As he made his way back into Kourindou, the sun was just rising and Rinnosuke smiled before going into the back and collapsing on the bed he kept there.

A couple of hours later, a loud knock on the front of his shop woke the silver-haired man from his slumber and he stumbled towards the door, rubbing his hair. Remembering that a shopkeeper should always greet customers with a smile, Rinnosuke made sure he looked slightly presentable as he opened the door, revealing Reimu, along with all of the other girls of Gensokyo. Rinnosuke blinked, wondering what was going on.

“We wanted to thank you for your gifts, so we all came in person to show you our gratitude.” Reimu said. “Even that hardhead from Mt. Shuuyoujo came for a visit.”

“I am not a hardhead! Want to make something of it?!” A loud voice erupted from the back of the group. Reimu just sighed and waved the protest down.

“Anyway, we just brought some gifts of our own to give to you.” Reimu explained, handing Rinnosuke a small, thin package. “Here’s some warding seals, just in case somebody tries to steal from your shop. Don’t forget to donate to the shrine.”

“Uh, thanks…” Rinnosuke said uncertainly, accepting the gift. With that, Reimu stepped away, no doubt going back to her shrine to enjoy a mug of hot tea. All the rest of the girls crowded around, some of them tossing their gifts Rinnosuke’s way while others just handed him the gift with a word of thanks. After a couple of minutes, it was over and he found himself standing in a virtual mountain of presents.

‘That was nice.’ Rinnosuke thought as he brought the gifts in, wondering what was in each of them. There was a set of silver knives from Sakuya, a card on how to use Master Spark by Marisa, an antidote to some common poisons from Medicine, a frozen frog from Cirno, a doll sewed in his likeness from Alice, some Chinese dumplings from Hong Meirin, a flower bracelet from that youkai living in the mountains, and numerous others. He looked at the pile of gifts, wondering where he could put everything. He had intended to make more storage space by giving away the gifts, but with all this, all the space he had opened up would be used up again.

Rinnosuke sighed. Well, while the whole thing wasn’t a huge success, it still felt pretty good to have given all those gifts and it felt even better knowing that they all were willing to make him a gift in return. ‘Maybe I’ll do this next year.’

The next day, nobody came to his store. 

Flandre was sitting around, watching the many clocks inside the basement tick and tock. "Aah, I'm kinda bored...but what to do?" Flandre got up and started to walk around. She looked at the many books, broken toys, paintings, and worn out old shoes. There was just nothing to do today. Then Flandre thought, how did I get in this old, dirty basement again?. Then all the memories started to come back...

You see, Flandre used to be a normal little vampire. She was always playing with her sister until one day, she just went insane. Her sister trapped in the basement for 496 years...while sitting thinking she heard a rustling...she looked behind her and she saw a shadow coming down the stairs to the basement. "Reimu, the basement is so dark and dusty isn't ze?","oh please Marisa! You can handle it can't you?". Flandre's heart skipped a beat. Visitors! She hovered near the door waiting.

Reimu stepped out of the staircase. "Finally were here! Took a while huh?", "yeah, yeah, but look! This place is huge!", Marisa said. Flandre flew over and said, "who are you people?". Marisa flinched, surprised, while Reimu just calmy said,"well, I'm Reimu Hakurei, and this is Marisa Kirisame, what are you doing here?", "thats what I want to know! I'm so happy you came! Now I have somebody I can finally play with!", Flandre said happily. Reimu, confused said, "Oh...sorry, were just down here to borrow a borrow somethi-","Ha! we'd love to play with you!", Marisa butted in, "What kind of games do ya like to play, ze?", "Danmaku","ooh, the art of making patterns, ze? I'm pretty good at that!",Reimu frantically put in,"this is not really necessary is i-","Here I come!" Flandre screams as she begins.

"Spell Card! Cranberry Trap!", Flandre yells. Reimu uncertain says, "Well, if I must...Duplex Barrier!" Flandre avoids all the bullets with ease, and then sends out all her bullets flying, "what the-", Reimu is knocked back by a bullet. "Reimu, you need to be more careful", "Well then Marisa why don't you try attacking instead of just watching!", "fine, fine, watch Flan, I'm ready for anything!", "oh really?","Spell Card! Asteroid Belt!", Marisa screams. "Wow!" Flandre shrieks. "heh, your not half bad Marisa", "thank you. Either is yours, ze", "well, I'm just getting started!, Spell Card! Four of a Kind!", "Woah, thats some pretty fancy Danmaku you have there. You can clone ze? Hmm, thats pretty tricky..", "You really shouldn't stand still Marisa!", "huh?", Marisa turns around and sees Flandre right behind her, "Whoa!", as she is knocked back. "Heh, and your yelling at me to be more careful", Reimu says. Guess, its my turn!

"Spell Card! Hakurei Danmaku Bounded Field!", Reimu screams. Flandre gets hit by one of the bullets. She falls to the ground. "Wait...she can't be a one hit KO right?". They here a rustle in the gravel. Flandre pops up, "YOUR DEAD MEAT!". "M-Marisa! Somethings wrong with her...", "Your right ze! Its almost as if shes being possessed by some demon...", "hmph, Marisa, I can handle this. "W-wait Reimu!, you can't fight her by herself!", "watch me". "Spell Card! Fantasy Seal! -Blink-!", Flandre avoided all the bullets without even looking..."Heh, thats all you got weakling!? Spell Card! Ripples of 495 Years!", Reimu got knocked against a wall, Marisa hurried over to her. She was unconcious..."hmph, Flandre, there is one rule about me...and thats that you NEVER hurt my friends!, I have a trick up my sleeve that you'll never forget..." "Give it all you got witch!", "Spell Card...Love Sign...Master Spark!!", Flandre couldn't even remeber what happen, the fource of the blow was so intense she hadn't even felt it...

Flandre, sat up...and stood up. Marisa waited for her next spell card. But she didn't even do anything, and then...she started to giggle. "Hey! What are you laughing about!?", Flandre started to laugh out loud. Its been 496 years since she ever laughed that hard. "Its just...I never had that much fun before in my life!", Flandre ran over and tightly hugged Marisa," Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you SO MUCH!". Marisa didn't even know what to say, she just said, your welcome and that was that. Reimu shortly woke up since Flandre insisted that she stayed until Reimu woke up. "Well, Flandre, I have to be going now, sorry I have other things to attend to", Marisa said. "Ha! Like what Marisa? Sleeping and drinking?", Reimu jokingly said. "W-what! I mean...thats beside to the point! Besides Reimu, why did we come down here again?", "Oh I was going to get..wait! I forgot in all the fuss". The three girls laughed with each other. Reimu got up, and said she'd be waiting outside.

When Marisa got up, Flandre said, "Please visit me again! Please?", Marisa nodded. Definitely...yes I will be coming back... 

Girls do their best now and are preparing. Please watch warmly until it is ready.
Treasures of Eastern paradise were stolen! This mystery is unprecedented challenge for girls.

Far to the East, over the horizon, lies a land long forgotten by the world. Gensokyo, as it has come to be called, was once a part of rural Japan. Over a century ago, the youkai-infested area was sealed away by priests. Since then, humans and youkai have coexisted in relative (allowing, of course, for a few curtain-fire barrages a day) peace, the former shunning the technology of the outer world and learning magic instead. Such was life in this Eastern border land.

Today was a fine midsummer morning in Gensokyo. Tenderly colored flowers opened up to the robin’s-egg sky abuzz with flitting fairies and a black-winged girl tossing newspapers about. Golden sunlight, unfiltered by clouds, cascaded down from one end of Gensokyo to another.
The light streamed through the treetops of a deciduous forest and entered the east window of an old-fashioned house, shining on a young blonde girl until she reluctantly climbed out of bed.
The light joined the calls of roosters in heralding morning for the humans of a small village, and on its periphery, in a small house, a girl with long silver hair with blue highlights arose.
The light reached into the mountains, beyond thick forests and an icy lake, and touched a blood-red, Victorian-style mansion. At its doorstep, a redheaded girl in a green Chinese-style dress awoke and started to fold up the newspaper that was her only bedding. Some of the light even got into the darkened interior of the red mansion.
“Sakuya...” a young-looking, bat-winged girl with a worn red-and-white nightcap groaned, raising her head from her pillow to get out of a thin beam of light. “The curtain...”
“Yes, Lady Remilia,” answered a pretty, silver-haired girl in a French maid outfit. The two long braids on either side of her face swayed in time with the click of her high heels as she walked over to the window and shut the gap in the thick, light-absorbing curtains.
The light even crossed the boundary into the Netherworld, illuminating a path through the blooming cherry trees for a pink-haired girl, a short gray-haired girl and a floating object resembling a large white tadpole.

Yet there was one part of Gensokyo where the morning light failed to reach. Deep within a large bamboo forest, in the pitch-black interior of a large, Japanese-style mansion, an ornate alarm clock rang. A slender, pale hand reached out from under a carrot-patterned blanket to shut the clock off, and was soon joined by its owner, a cute girl with very long light purple hair and crinkly rabbit ears.
Getting out of bed with a sigh, the bunny girl lit an oil lamp and donned a pale pink miniskirt, a white blouse and a red necktie. She stopped to straighten her tie in the mirror before slipping on a black jacket. Taking the oil lamp with her, she made her way through the halls of the mansion and entered a large bedchamber, where a comely woman with long silver hair lay sprawled on a four-poster bed.
“Master Eirin, wake up, it’s morning,” the bunny girl said, gently shaking the woman.
Eirin sat up slowly, rubbing her eyes. “Ah... good morning, Udonge.”
“Master, do you think maybe we could change that Udonge nickname?” the bunny girl asked as she styled Eirin’s hair into a long, thick braid running down her back.
“Sure, Reisen. How does ‘Zayaku’ sound?”
“...Udonge is fine,” Reisen replied, her ears drooping a bit.
“Oh, I almost forgot,” Eirin spoke up as Reisen helped her into a long red-and-blue dress adorned with constellation patterns. “Could you go shopping today? I need some suzuran extract for my latest experiment.”

...

Reisen left the bamboo forest and immediately shielded her eyes from the bright sun. Once they had adjusted, she raised her head and focused her magic energy, and her feet lifted off the ground. Picking up speed and altitude, she was soon flying at a leisurely pace, admiring the unmarred day. Spending most of her time in a dark house made it all the more breathtaking. She wished every day were so beautiful.

Reisen walked into a small village. Noticing the stares of passersby, she tried, without much success, to make her ears less conspicuous, and pulled the back of her jacket down a little in an attempt to cover the cotton tail sticking out of the back of her skirt.
“Good morning, Miss Reisen,” came a familiar voice from behind her.
Reisen stiffened momentarily and forgot about pulling her jacket down. She turned slowly—sure enough, it was that silver-haired maid who had beaten her up and left her tied up in the cold several months ago. “Sakuya! What do you want this time?”
“Hm?” Sakuya, fiddling absently with one of her braids, looked quizzically back at Reisen. “I was just saying hello.”
“Don’t act like that time last winter never happened!”
“You’re still thinking about that?”
“I could’ve gotten pneumonia!”
“Oh well. You seem healthy enough now.” Sakuya turned. “I’ve got some shopping to do, so I’ll see you later.”
“Don’t ignore me!” Reisen cried, raising her right hand, index finger outstretched. A red, bullet-shaped magic blast issued from her finger, speeding toward the maid’s back.
Sakuya half-turned to look at the incoming attack, then vanished, leaving the blast to explode against the side of a building. Reisen looked around frantically for a second, then, hearing the whiz of knives through air, threw herself to one side, tumbling to a crouch, just as a dozen gleaming knives embedded themselves in the ground she had been standing on half a second ago.
Cursing under her breath, Reisen gathered magic in her hands and hurled blast after blast up into the air after Sakuya, who deftly weaved around them, almost without effort. A casual bystander might think the maid had inhuman reflexes, but Reisen knew it was actually time control.
“Look,” Sakuya said calmly as a glowing red blast passed harmlessly by her head. “I don’t really have time to play with you right now.”
A sphere of knives materialized in midair around Reisen and flew at her. Exploiting the gaps in their flight paths, Reisen managed to avoid being skewered, but by the time she turned her attention back to Sakuya, she was gone already.

A hand clapped down on Reisen’s shoulder. Startled, she turned to see a girl with long, silver, blue-highlighted hair, wearing a plain blue dress and a hat that vaguely resembled a lunchbox.
“Oh... hi, Keine,” Reisen said to the clearly irritated girl.
“What do you think you were doing, fighting in the middle of town?!” Keine yelled. “As if it wasn’t bad enough that bandits have been stealing our supply shipments!”
“Wait, bandits?”
“Yes, no shipments have been able to get here for a few days now. The stores are already empty!”
“So... no suzuran extract?”
“No! What do you want something like that for, anyway?”
“Nothing. Do you have any idea where these bandits might be hiding?”
“If I did, I’d have defeated them myself.”
“Well, if I find anything out, I’ll let you know.”

...

Reisen shivered a little as she entered a gloomy deciduous forest. A chokingly thick aura of magic hung in the air and made the hairs on the back of her neck stand up. She couldn’t imagine why anyone would want to live in such a place, but, inexplicably, the person she needed to see did.

Arriving outside an old-fashioned house with an especially strong aura of magic, Reisen banged on the door until a youngish girl with medium-length blonde hair, in a black-and-white dress and a witch hat, answered.
“Geez, you sure are noisy, ze...” the witch remarked.
“Marisa, give them back!”
“Give what back?” Marisa tilted her head a little.
“The supplies you stole from the human village! Master Eirin needs them!”
“I didn’t steal anything, ze.”
“As if I’d believe that! You steal all kinds of things! You even stole my microscope that one time!”
“Hey, you can’t prove that!”
“Anyway, confess and return the goods, and I won’t have to beat you up.”
“I guess you won’t be persuaded, ze...” Marisa sighed, and a broom leapt into her waiting hand. “So I’ll just have to knock some sense into your bunny head!”
Reisen dove away from the door just as several green magic bolts came flying out of it, and, landing on one knee, turned to see Marisa fly out the door on her broom.
“Love Sign—“ Marisa called with a grin, holding a spellcard high, “Master Spark!” She brought her cupped hands together and a colossal beam of magic energy poured out, leaving a swath of scorched grass under its path. Reisen attempted to leap out of the way, but the beam struck her obliquely, knocking the wind out of her and sending her flying into a nearby tree with a crack.
“Ugh...” Reisen groaned, the world spinning wildly before her eyes, as Marisa dismounted and walked over to her to gloat.
“So, how about that? Overpowering, huh?” the witch asked cheerfully, looking down into Reisen’s garnet-red eyes.
Reisen recognized her chance. Her eyes glowed brilliant red for a second. Marisa’s eyes caught the light and she recoiled, stunned. While she stumbled backward, Reisen got up and sent her to the ground with a karate chop to the back of the neck.

“Mm-mmmm!!” Marisa, tied tightly to a chair, said some undoubtedly nasty things that were muffled beyond comprehension by the knotted cloth held fast between her lips. She glared at the bunny girl searching her house with pure vitriol.
“I’m not sorry at all,” Reisen remarked dryly, opening a drawer. “You deserved it.”
Ignoring the witch’s muffled protests and the rattling of the chair as she struggled around in it, Reisen searched thoroughly, but found no sign of any goods that might have been stolen from the village’s supply shipments.
“Oh well, at least I got my microscope back...” Reisen commented as she left, one last “MMMMMMPH!” sounding after her. She chose not to wonder why there was a large, pointy object marked “Peacekeeper Missile” in the closet.

...

Reisen flew around aimlessly, unsure of where to go next. As she scanned the lush greenery below her, she noticed a pair of rabbit ears coming from behind a thicket.
“No way...” Reisen said to herself. Coming to a graceful landing, she called out, “Hey, who’s there?”
From behind the thicket came a young girl with curly, shoulder-length black hair and two rabbit ears atop her head, in a faded pink dress. “Oh, hi, Reisen,” she said. “Nice day, don’t you think-usa?”
“Tewi, aren’t you supposed to stay home and help Master Eirin today?”
“No, she sent me out on an important errand-usa.”
“Liar. You probably just snuck out to pick flowers again.”
“Okay, you got me-usa.” Tewi’s head sank, then rose again with an evil grin that showed the sharp points of her teeth. “But you won’t make it back home to tell on me!”
Reisen cried out as Tewi leapt on her, knocking her to the ground. The two rolled around in the grass, grappling with each other, crushing the vibrant, sweetly scented flowers. In their struggle, they hardly noticed that they were rolling down an incline. They certainly noticed, however, when they fell into a river.

Reisen and Tewi climbed, sputtering, out of the water and stood facing each other on the riverbank. Reisen raised her right hand, pointing her index finger at Tewi, and sent a magic blast hurtling toward her abdomen. The shorter bunnygirl jumped the blast and, landing close to her opponent, jabbed at her chin. Reisen raised an arm to knock Tewi’s aside and, making a fist, quickly brought it back down towards her head. Tewi, anticipating the counter, raised her arm to block the strike crosswise and, with a forward step, thrust her open palm at Reisen’s chest.
Reisen failed to bring her free arm up in time to parry. Taking the full force of the blow, she stumbled backwards and slipped on a patch of soggy, recently crushed grass.
“See, I told you,” Tewi produced another sharp-toothed grin as well as a length of rope and advanced on the fallen bunny girl.
Reisen, gritting her teeth, began to raise her right arm, only to have it slammed back down by Tewi’s foot, which came to rest on her wrist, trapping her hand in the water. Narrowing her eyes, she fired off her blast anyway, and the water burst into a cloud of steam and a shower of scalding droplets.
When the steam cleared, Tewi found herself bent awkwardly over, her right arm pulled straight behind her, Reisen twisting her wrist with one hand and pressing her shoulder blade down with the other. “Ouch, ouch, ouch-usa!” the hapless bunny girl protested.

...

After dropping off a bound and gagged Tewi at the Japanese-style mansion, Reisen set out again. The sun was past its peak already, and no sign of the bandits had turned up. Completely occupied with fretting over her inability to find the criminals, Reisen almost flew straight into a crow.
The crow, squawking loudly and frantically beating its wings, circled around Reisen until it was sure of having her attention, then flew off. The bunny girl wasn’t sure what was going on, but followed it anyway. The bird came to rest perched on a thin branch overlooking a ditch. Reisen, although a little confused at first, peered in.
“Mmmmph!” A black-haired, black-winged girl in a white blouse, a black miniskirt and a small red cap looked up at Reisen. Her arms and legs were lashed with heavy ropes, her wrists crossed behind her back, and a thick white cloth was tied over her mouth.
“Aya?” Reisen froze in surprise for a second before loosening the cloth.
Aya spat out a wad of balled-up cloth. “Thanks... I can’t believe I got defeated so easily. I’ve really been too careless lately.”
“Who did this to you?” Reisen inquired as she worked on Aya’s bonds.
“Fairies...” Aya looked at the ground.
“You were beaten by ordinary fairies?”
“Shut up!” Aya gave her bonds an emphatic pull, with the unfortunate effect of negating Reisen’s progress on them. “I told you, I just got careless...”
“Sorry. By the way, this may be a bad time to ask, but doesn’t the Bunbunmaru Newspaper come out today? We have a subscription...”
“After they tied me up, they took my camera and my Bunbunmarus... they even took my notepad! Shameless...”
“That’s odd, I haven’t really heard of fairies...” Reisen froze for a second again. “...robbing travelers...”

“Do you have any idea where they went?” Reisen asked as she hastily finished untying Aya.
Aya straightened the black feathers coating the wings on her back. “I can’t be sure, but I would guess north. Are you thinking of going after them?”
“Yes. I’ll try to get your things back.”
“Thanks. I’ll come and help you after I go home and get my spare camera.”
“What do you need a camera for?”
Aya smiled sweetly. “This is going to be a big scoop!”

...

Reisen drifted over verdant hillocks and patches of brilliant color, munching on the carrots she had brought for lunch and searching intently for signs of anything unusual. It wasn’t long before she spotted three figures floating in the distance. They couldn’t be fairies, though—they lacked wings. As she neared them, she saw that the one in the lead was a girl with shoulder-length wavy pink hair and a blue kimono and puffy cap. She was closely followed by a short girl, clad in a simple green dress, with short gray hair. Following the short girl was a faintly glowing white ball with a wispy tail. At the same time, the girls noticed her.
“Oh, look, Youmu, it’s a bunny,” the pink-haired one chirped.
“That’s Reisen, Mistress Yuyuko. Don’t you remember her from the harvest moon festival?”
“Hi, guys...” Reisen broke in.
“Hello. What brings you out here?” Youmu asked.
“I’m looking for the bandits who have been intercepting deliveries recently.”
“Oh, really? That’s what we were doing, ourselves, actually.”
“Yeah...” Yuyuko whined. “Not a single restaurant has any food left! At this rate, I’ll starve to death...”
“You ate ten bowls of rice for breakfast today...” Youmu pointed out.
“Say, Youmu, I kind of feel like rabbit stew...” Yuyuko shot Reisen a hungry stare.
“Ehh?!” Reisen’s eyes widened.
“Youmu, if you will.”
“Understood, Mistress Yuyuko.” Youmu drew the katana sheathed at her waist. “Sorry about this, Reisen.”

Reisen turned and flew away as fast as she could, with Youmu in hot pursuit. The white ball bobbed leisurely after Youmu, somehow managing to keep pace. Reisen ducked into a forest in hopes of losing her pursuer; to her horror, she heard the whistling of a swift blade and the sounds of varying lengths of wood being cut—and the sounds were coming closer and closer.
Reisen blasted the base of a tree about 50 meters ahead, and with a terrific crack it began to topple. She felt leaves brush against her calves as the massive cedar fell directly behind her. Knowing she had bought herself only a moment’s respite at best, the bunny girl dove into a river running through the middle of the forest and, holding her ears down, hoped that Youmu would keep going.

She peeked out of the water. To her dismay, Youmu was searching the area carefully. In desperation, Reisen ducked into a hole in the riverbank. To her surprise, the hole turned out to be a tunnel; beams of light coursed down through the water at its end.

Reisen surfaced, gasping for air, in a subterranean cavern lit by some sort of magically augmented phosphorescence. Pushing her thoroughly wet bangs away from her eyes, she noticed a large group of fairies surrounding her, magic attacks at the ready. She raised her hands in resignation.

...

Reisen sat against a stone wall, her bound legs folded uselessly in front of her. Her tied hands pressed uncomfortably into her back, and a cord connecting them to the ropes that kept her arms lashed to her sides prevented her from shifting them into a better position. Moreover, her hair and clothes were still soaked, exacerbating the existing cold. The bunny girl, shivering a little, whimpered into the layers of heavy cloth tied over her mouth.

As if in response, the sounds of fighting came from outside the small cave in which Reisen was being held. Following a series of high-pitched, guttural screams, in strode a maid with whom Reisen was quite familiar.
“Oh, it’s you,” Sakuya said. “I didn’t think they kept prisoners.”
“Mrrrf!”
Sakuya ran a silver knife through Reisen’s knots in rapid succession, and the cords fell loose around her.
“Thanks...” Reisen began, examining herself for rope burn.
“More importantly,” Sakuya interrupted, “you must know about this cavern complex, right?”
“I wasn’t in here very long before I was captured, but yes, I saw some of it while I was being brought here.”
“Good. Let’s go.”
“Hmm? Go where?” Reisen asked, wringing out her ears.
“Go beat up some bandits, of course,” Sakuya replied with a sly smile.

Sakuya drew a long gash across a fairy’s chest with her blade and, seizing the hapless fairy by the hair, slammed her face into the cavern wall.
“Don’t you think you’re defeating them too ruthlessly?” Reisen said with a grimace as she shot down a fairy hiding in ambush.
“They’ll live... probably.”
“There they are!” came a cry from across the cavern, and the maid and the bunny girl leapt in opposite directions, just as a hail of magic blasts reduced the floor they were standing on to dust and rubble. Reisen and Sakuya ducked behind cover and prepared to shoot back, only to see the fairies retreat, closing a heavy makeshift door behind them.
“Running scared already? That’s no fun,” Sakuya commented.
“Wait, I don’t like this...” responded Reisen. “Look, the way we came in has been blocked off, too.”
Predictably, clouds of faintly colored gas began to billow into the cavern as Reisen finished her sentence.
“Hmm... it’s the pollen of the devil lotus,” Sakuya remarked.
“How can you say that so calmly?!” Reisen cried, starting to feel rather fatigued.

Reisen saw Sakuya slump to the floor just before passing out herself.

...

Reisen slowly regained consciousness. She was still a bit light-headed, her muscles wouldn’t obey her and she had a dry taste in her mouth. Of course, she realized as her consciousness came back in full, this was because she was bound and gagged. Her forearms were tied parallel behind her back; ropes tied above and below her bust pinned her upper arms to her sides and pushed her shoulders up awkwardly. A knotted cloth was tied securely between her lips.
“Mmmmmph...” came a muffled voice from nearby, and Reisen turned to see Sakuya in a similar predicament.
A fairy walked into the small cave in which the two girls were being held, and grabbed them roughly by the collars. “Finally awake, huh. The boss wants to see you,” she said as she pulled the maid and the bunny girl to their feet.

Reisen and Sakuya were half-dragged, half-escorted through the complex into a well-lit, opulently decorated cavern, where they were forced to their knees and their ankles bound. The bunny girl let out a muffled cry of surprise upon seeing the winged girl seated in the middle of the cavern.
The girl, dressed in a black dress and conical cap, stood and brushed a lock of her long orange hair behind her shoulder. “Remove their gags,” she ordered.
“Lily?!” Reisen blurted as soon as her gag was pulled away.
“In some ways,” Lily replied. “But let me make myself clear—the Lily you once knew, who came year after year to announce the coming of spring—that Lily is dead!”
“About time,” Sakuya commented.
“Shut up!” Lily yelled. “It’s such callous attitudes toward fairies that have forced us to these measures!”
“Callous?” Reisen asked.
“Yes! The history of Gensokyo is punctuated with atrocities toward us fairies! Why, just last spring, in the Sanzu no Kawa incident, hundreds of us were maimed or killed without a second thought! Not one of the victims ever made the newspapers!” Lily narrowed her eyes and added, “And I believe both of you were involved...”
“So?” Sakuya nonchalantly inquired as Reisen gulped.
“So I formed this gang for the self-defense of the fairy race, as well as to tear down this society that actively works toward our destruction!”
“But what does that have to do with us?” Reisen asked.
“You two should consider yourself lucky you have valuable connections,” Lily responded. “Normally, since you’ve already seen our hideout, I’d kill you. But if I did, I’d be throwing away my key to the guarded secrets of Eientei and the Scarlet clan.”
Reisen went silent. She knew that if Eirin’s research fell into the wrong hands, the results could be catastrophic.
Sakuya seemed considerably less concerned. “You underestimate my mistress’s resolve,” she said with a brief laugh. “She would tear your heart from your chest before she agreed to pay a ransom, even if it was only 100 yen.”
“In that case,” Lily replied with a grin, “I guess there’s no point in keeping you alive.”
A fairy held a rusted dagger to Sakuya’s throat. The maid pulled away as much as she could, tugging futilely at her bonds, and for the first time a twinge of fear entered her expression.
“Hey, birdbrain!” Reisen shouted at the fairy, who instinctively turned. In that split second of eye contact, Reisen’s eyes glowed brightly red. The fairy’s expression blanked and, with stiff movements, she used the dagger to slice Sakuya’s bonds apart instead.
Sakuya, wasting no time, sprang to her feet and threw knives at the other fairies guarding the cavern; all hit their mark.

“Y-you!” Lily cried in exasperation as Sakuya cut Reisen free.
“Yes, me,” Sakuya responded with a sweet smile.
“Don’t think you’ve won yet!” Lily shouted, throwing her arms open wide and releasing a chokingly thick swarm of magic blasts at the two. As Reisen dove behind a stalagmite for cover, Sakuya cartwheeled out of the way, tossing three knives with her free hand. Lily twisted her torso one way to evade a knife, then the other way to evade another. As she wondered where the third was, she heard the clink of metal bouncing off stone and leapt back as a knife shot down from above and embedded itself into the floor where she had been standing. Sakuya took the opportunity to leap at Lily, knives at the ready. Lily, however, recovered sooner than Sakuya had anticipated, and fired a magic blast at point-blank range. Sakuya was hurled back by the explosion, and from Reisen’s point of view, it looked like she had been hit directly in the abdomen. Upon closer inspection, however, it was evident Sakuya had crossed her knives in front of her to block the attack. Reisen came out from behind her stalagmite and kept Lily occupied with a barrage of magic blasts while Sakuya righted herself in air and made a three-point landing.
Sakuya and Reisen traded volleys with Lily for what seemed like hours until an explosion sent Sakuya flying; she hit a cavern wall and lay slumped against it, surrounded by fallen knives and knives stuck in the wall. Before Reisen could do anything, Lily flew in for the kill, grinning evilly. Then the knives began to stir, and Reisen realized that they were neither fallen nor stuck.
They had been frozen in time.
Sakuya raised her head and smiled at Lily as the knives sprang into motion and pierced the fairy, who fell with a scream.

The maid got to her feet and stretched. “Thanks,” she said as she walked over to Reisen. “Let’s go and retrieve those stolen goods now.” As she turned to leave, she was struck in the back of the neck and fell unconscious.

...

Sakuya awoke in a dark room, suspended a couple meters above the ground. Her hands were tied securely behind her back and an intricate pattern of ropes criss-crossed her torso, framing her breasts and ending in a rope that passed between her bound legs, lifting up her skirt. A kerchief tied over the bottom half of her face held a rather large wad of rolled-up cloth in her mouth.
Reisen approached her. “Hello, Sakuya.”
“Mmmmmmmmph!”
“I really appreciated your help back there, but that doesn’t mean I’ve forgiven you for what you did to me in the winter.”
“MMMMMPH!”
“See you later.” Reisen left the room.

“Ah, Udonge, did you get that suzuran extract?” Eirin asked.
Reisen froze. She knew she had forgotten something.

...

Aya got her things back and managed to get all her newspapers distributed on time. She also wrote an excellent story about the fight against the bandits—unfortunately, her competitors also ran a story on it a month before she did.

Marisa was able to free herself eventually. She soon had her house back in order and could get to plotting revenge on Reisen.

Keine was grateful to Reisen and Sakuya for their efforts in defeating the bandit gang, although not so much so that she completely overlooked the damage their fight did to the village.

Sakuya was eventually found by Eirin and later released. She never talked about what happened with Eirin.

Yuyuko, too impatient to wait for the food stores to restock or to go home, resorted to eating night sparrows. (Youmu helped her catch them.)

Tewi was thoroughly lambasted for sneaking out, and resolved to get revenge on Reisen.

Reisen lived happily, ignorant of the plots against her, and decided that maybe the outdoors wasn’t so great after all.

As for Lily, she disbanded the bandit gang, got her white clothes back and came again next year to announce the spring. (She was shot down as usual shortly thereafter.)

It was a quiet day in The Forest of Magic, just like every other day. The spring air flowed into the room through the open window, bringing with it a cool and refreshing breeze. A young girl was sitting elegantly at her desk, marveling the wondrous object that lay before her.

"I can't believe I let Nitori talk me into testing this thing out for her. It seems so complicated, I can't figure out what goes where and how to set it up. Oh heck, I can't even figure out how to turn it on!...

Oh well, at least it was nice talking to someone, even if it resulted in something troublesome like this."

The young puppeteer sat perplexed on her chair, tinkering with the modern piece of technology. Alice was anxious and determined to get the device to work, and thus she didn't stop until late into the night. The refreshing breeze turned into a stiff wind and darkness flooded the house's insides. Noticing this, Alice stood up, lit a candle, and closed the large glass windows. When she sat back down, she noticed that the device was nearly set up, and all she had left to do was turn it on.

"Alright, I believe this button should do it.", she said with anticipation. To her excitement, the machine began to buzz and run, indicating that it was beginning to start up. Less than a couple minutes later, the screen of the strange device lit up with various icons and such. Alice remembered Nitori telling her that this was the "Desktop", whatever that was.

Eager to test out the device per her promise to Nitori, Alice put her hand on the mouse and started clicking frantically, until she realized that she was just clicking into empty space. She moused over an icon that she found quite interesting: a small blue and orange sphere. Below it was text that read "FireRan Browser".

"I wonder what this one will do if I click on it", pondered Alice. To her utmost enjoyment, as soon as she clicked on it her screen almost immediately changed completely. "Ah, this must be the Web Browser Nitori told me about. She said that this was probably the most popular feature of her invention."



In time, Alice got used to this new device Nitori called a "Computer", and eventually all the commands and whatnot would just come naturally as if she had been doing this forever. In that time, many other people took liking to this invention, including many people from the human village.

One day, Alice came across a website with lots of texts and images. When she asked Nitori about this, she said it was a Message Board, a place where people would post messages accompanied with images about various subjects. She noticed that one subject was very popular, a game called Uohout, created by a man called NUZ. She later learned that this was what they called a curtain fire shooter, and that it was really popular in the human village. Alice decided to try these out for herself, as many people exclaimed how fun they were.

The first time she decided play, Alice was quite confused. First of all, she couldn't decide which character to chose. There were many, after all. Anon, John, Steve and Ryan were the main ones, with many side characters as well. In the beginning, Alice wasn't very good, however as the days passed she got better and better and was eventually able to move up in the levels. However, one day Alice discovered that these shooting games weren't the only things about of this game called Ouhout. She also found out at the various doujins and fan-made comics existed, each one with great artwork and funny or dramatic story lines. Alice immersed herself in these stories, laughing at the hilarious jokes involving the stereotypes assigned to the characters, and sobbing at the stories of lost love and heartbreak.

Alice started developing a certain liking towards the character named "Anon", which was short for Anonymous. He was a lonely character who was always made fun of by everyone else. Day in and day out he was satirized and ridiculed, even though he tried his best to make friends with the others. As such, he spent almost all of his life inside his small, resolute home, practicing his Danmaku or reading manga. Although you couldn't see his face, you could tell that Anon was fairly attractive, which was a surprise considering his situation.



As time passed, Alice soon became infatuated with this heartfelt yet unbefriended character. She would fantasize being together with him, comforting him in his times of melancholy and going out together as an act of their love. She would lament over the though of being with him forever, enjoying themselves together, having kids, growing old as a couple, etcetera. She wanted to give him the love and appreciation that he desperately deserved, most of all because she knew exactly how he felt. It hurt Alice knowing how woebegone he must feel.

However, one day Alice came to an inconsolable realization. She realized that Anonymous was not real, and never would be real. She realized that both he and herself would be lonely forever, separated by 2dimensional and 3dimensional barriers. She realized that they would never be together, never share the beautiful view of the sunset, never hold hands while walking down a park trail, never have a peaceful picnic on the edge of the forest with a beautiful view of the lake.

"This isn't fair! This just isn't fair! Why can't he be real? Why has fate been so cruel, to present me with such a perfect man, only to be rejected by this barrier of woe, this realization of dismay?"

A single tear flowed down Alice's cheek, grazing her soft yet troubled face and shortly falling to the ground.

Alice cried herself to sleep that night, her hopes and emotions dashed, her future bleak and dim. Aside from the resolute sobbing, it was a quiet day in The Forest of Magic. Just like every other day. As such, it would stay that way forever... 

The last thing in the world I expected when I opened my eyes was to be greeted by a mass of black hair. I pulled an arm from under the blanket and ran my hand up to my forehead to brush back my hair, when I realized that it wasn't my hair that was in my face. A cold dread ran through my body as I slowly shifted myself away from the back of whoever it was I was with, when I caught a slight glimpse of something just at the edge of my vision. It was sitting propped against a wall, a gohei. It was about this time that it dawned on me that I might not be in my room at all anymore. The person in front of me shifted slightly and began to turn. I noticed two things immediately: First, it was a girl, and second, it was Reimu.

Oh shit.

I was laying on whatever kind of floor bed it was she slept on. I think it was called a futon, but that's not something I need to be worried about right now. My first worry was what I might have done with Reimu, and while the thoughts themselves weren't wholly unpleasant, the fact she might disagree with my opinions on the matter was something that worried me quite a lot. I realized I'd been holding my breath since she turned, and slowly exhaled through my nose. I began to slowly slide myself from the bed and blanket. Thankfully I had realized that I was still dressed in what I normally wear to beda t-shirt and jeansand wasn't going to have to run naked from the scene. It was much harder to squirm my way out without making too much commotion than I'd thought it would have been. Once I was prone on the tatami floor, I slowly got to my feet. My first order of business was to look around for my hat, since I always leave it nearby when I went to sleep, and if I was here, well, why wouldn't it be too? I didn't get too far in my search before Reimu started moving again. Afraid she'd wake up at any moment, I looked around for a door, but only saw walls. It took me a few seconds to remember that this shrine probably didn't have doors like I knew them, and once I realized that, I recognized the sliding doors almost immediately. Who knew that anime and manga would one day save me from being murdered by a shrine maiden. I slowly made my way over to one of the sliding doors, carefully stepping the whole way. My escape nearly realized, I slowly slid one of the doors open and slipped out once I had opened it enough. Sliding the door back closed, I felt a slight relief. At least now if she woke up I could pretend not to have woken up in her bed. I was safe now. Of course, that's what I thought.

"Who are you?"

Oh double shit.

I didn't want to turn around. Part of me felt that if I stood still long enough, I might be able to pass myself off as a statue. Well, a statue made of flesh and polyester at least. I heard the sound of footsteps on stone, something that started rather suddenly rather than gradually approached. I turned my head out of curiosity and confirmed my suspicions. Black and white, just as expected. I was screwed now.

"I don't come by for a few days and that girl goes out and gets herself a man to pass the time. Wonder if she's passing on the shrine maiden business already." Marisa said, straightening out her skirt and dress from her flight. She didn't seem hostile, angry or all too concerned, which I should be thankful for. Maybe I'll be able to get away from her- Wait, what did she say?

"I-uh, you've got it wrong. I- We, uh.. didn't... I don't think we did. I mean... uh..."

I was tripping over myself trying to explain, regardless of how convinced I was that I was innocent. I've no idea why I woke up here with Reimu, though I don't know what I might or might not have done following the point where I suddenly shifted realities. I'd think it would have been rather difficult for me to sleep through teleportation, but then again I'm the kind of guy that can fall asleep next to a construction crew and not wake up until all the hammering, sawing and banging had stopped and the crew had gone home for the day. Marisa just smiled, as if she knew the truth and was amused by my sad lies.

"Descendants have to come from somewhere. You should be happier, she normally treats everyone else like they don't matter."

Somehow I'm sure, I knew deep inside that if Reimu did find out where I had been, she wouldn't be quite as indifferent towards me. No, I'd definitely get the 'special treatment' that would most likely end with a shallow grave.

"Look, Marisa," I said, without even stopping to think of an excuse for how I knew her name if she asked. "I'm not with Raymoo," shit, I said that wrong and I know it. "I'm not from Gensokyo at all, actually. I woke up, and I was in Reimu's bed. I'd rather not have her know I was here, or that I exist at all. I'm sure this would be good for both our health, my physical, and her mental."

Marisa looked like she believed me. For a little while at least. Damn it.

"That was a great excuse, you almost had me there for a second." She said with a smile. Before I could get anything else in edgewise, Marisa had hopped past me and slid open the shrine door, calling inside loudly. I was frozen with a combination of shock and fear, and it didn't occur to me that I should run for my life until Reimu opened her eyes and looked at the door where Marisa and I were, me stuck staring like a deer in the headlights of a semi truck. I think Reimu said something at this point, but I sure didn't hear it over the sound of my own heart in my throat. If I ran now, I might make it away, but then again, that would just be even more suspicious and probably lead to a Bad End. As much as I resented the idea, I decided to stay and at least try not to act like a suspicious guy.

"You're surely a lazy shrine maiden if you're sleeping until mid-day. Look, you even have a worshiper here at the shrine and you're not going to be able to fully appreciate his presence if you sleep through his donation."

I think that last part caught both of our attentions, for opposite reasons. Marisa was covering for me at the very least, does that mean she believed me, or was she just screwing with my head? Or is she screwing with Reimu's? I have no idea what's going on anymore. Not only that, I don't even know what the hell I'm supposed to donate, the loose change in my pocket? Before I could gather my thoughts on how I would squirm out of this new problem I found myself in, I was ushered away by Marisa, who slid the door closed behind her.

I didn't want to ask about why she said what she did. Maybe she had her own reasons for it all, but I was already way over my head with this whole business to begin with. Waking up in Reimu's bed, being caught fleeing the scene by Marisa and, of course, the whole part of apparently being in Gensokyo to begin with. I guess it was finally setting in that my life as I knew it was pretty much over, because I slumped to the floor and sat my head in my hands. I didn't think anything like this could ever happen, and now it has, what do I do? I can cook for myself, but I doubt they have modern grocery stores here. That aside, I don't know how to farm either, so I'd have to find some way to survive until I pull things together, but what if I never manage to make it on my own? I'd have to live some life of servitude, and-

My mental rantings were interrupted by a sound. It took me a while to realize that Marisa had called my attention. I looked up at her from my position, I must have looked pathetic. She had a somewhat serious expression this time, which was quite the opposite of how she was coming across before.

"You're really from the Outside, aren't you?"

I blinked. She believed me after all? I simply nodded.

"Hmm, first time I've seen a fresh outsider. Usually they're sent back before I get to see one." She said, crouching slightly as if to get a better look. "You have weird clothes."

Well, that was a rather unexpected. Then again, they probably don't have orange slogan t-shirts and jeans in Gensokyo, or at least not as many as the outside world. I tried to think of something to say in response, but I just couldn't. This whole situation overwhelmed me to the point of silence by now. I just nodded again.

"I'll handle Reimu. I told her you were here to donate so she'd get up quicker, she's going to be pretty upset when I tell her I lied."

Almost as if on cue, Reimu appeared in her usual outfit. She really did wear those separated sleeve things, apparently. Not as if I really expected all that much different. Marisa stood and turned to Reimu and motioned into the shrine as she walked into it. Reimu looked a little confused but followed anyway. I knew when Marisa dropped the bomb, because there was a fairly angry sounding shout of 'WHAT!?' followed by some hurried explanations in Marisa's voice accompanied by the sounds of what I could only imagine was a heated chase around the building. I'd always thought the whole donations thing was just a joke among the fan base, but I guess a world shaped by the fans takes on some of their expectations.

I suddenly had a pang of clarity. A world shaped by the fans? A world powered by belief and faith would naturally mirror the beliefs and faiths of those thinking of it. Everything so far had seemed like doujin material itself, and this made me think that this could all just be a byproduct of my mind. Perhaps my own expectations of Reimu and Marisa are the trigger behind this event, and deeper still, my own fantasies are what created the situation I awoke to. I felt like I just discovered irrefutable proof of God, that my whim could cause situations, actions and people to occur as I wanted them, turning Gensokyo into a big fantasy playground. Just like that, though, the clarity left me as I realized that if Gensokyo really did exist as the fans willed it, it would not only take many more than me alone to change anything at a whim, but we'd all most likely have already known for sure of it's existence. The realization didn't upset me much however, since if it really were possible for me to influence the existence of Gensokyo, I'd surely ruin it all somehow.

Some time later, after Marisa and Reimu had settled their little issue, I had been brought back into the shrine where a rather frazzled looking Reimu was drinking some tea while an equally frazzled looking Marisa sat nearby.

"So, you're from the Outside?" Reimu asked, as if she needed any extra confirmation. I suspected that Marisa most likely explained the situation, and left out the part about the bed.

"That's right. I woke up in y- uh... on your shrine's grounds."

Well, I wasn't lying technically.

"Well, guess it can't be helped that you'd come here then. At least you didn't wander off and die. I hate having to clean up the remains that sometimes find their way to my shrine."

I definitely didn't need to hear that. It seemed like a confirmation that I wouldn't make it anywhere here, which while may be entirely true, didn't have a positive impact on my mood.

"That said, I can't send you back to the Outside."

Wait, what?

"What?"

Reimu took a sip of her tea before continuing.

"There's a certain gap youkai-Ah, youkai being... how to explain it..."

It seems that she's used to having to explain these things to outsiders, since I would imagine it to be fairly rare to expect an outsider to know all the things one would need to survive in Gensokyo.

"I know what youkai are. Or at least I have a slight idea. They're like... well on the outside they're mostly Japanese versions of monsters and supernatural creatures. Kappa, Oni, Tengu, things like that."

There was a slight change in Reimu's expression when I said Oni. I didn't think of it beforehand, but I probably dredged up some annoying memories of Suika she had when I said that. Having thought that now, though, I thought she was supposed to mooch off the shrine? I realized now that I hadn't seen her yet, whether that was a good thing or not.

"As I was saying, there's a certain gap youkai that can easily get you out. Though, no one knows how to find her, and the only chance of talking to her is by contacting her shikigami. If you are lucky, you might be able to meet her when she decides to drop in somewhere and make herself a nuisance. Right now though, the barrier that contains Gensokyo, this land, is going through a cycle. There was an incident recently where it weakened. Following this weakness is a great surge of strength. It happens every 60 years or so from my understanding, and as it's passed the Border has strengthened. I can't send you back myself for now, since the Border is too strong for me to affect."

That's news to me. I thought Reimu had some influence on the Border being the shrine maiden she is, but I guess this might be expected considering all the official statements she doesn't train. Would she still be able to do it even with training? It was pretty useless to consider as it was, since it'd probably take her 5 years anyway to train herself to the point she might need to open the Border.

"When's the soonest it will be weak enough for you to send me back?"

"Five years."

Oh my god, I'm going to die here before then.

"So, what about this Yu- kai?" I caught myself, but ended up with yet another weird pronunciation. I could still play it off though, more so than if I had actually said Yukari. "The gap one? Can we find her shikigami?"

As much as I could probably get this whole returning issue done and over with if I simply used what I knew, I would probably have a hard time convincing Reimu and Marisa of why I know the things I do about Gensokyo. I'm sure it'd be hard for me as well. After all, when you're looking someone right in the face that you thought only existed in a couple of games and a bunch of fan work until this morning, how do you tell them they're not real? How do you tell yourself that?

"Maybe. She stops by the human village every once in a while. She's pretty obvious in a crowd, she's the only one with nine fluffy tails."

Yeah, that would probably stand out in a crowd, even in Gensokyo I'd imagine. I'd worry about the details later though, since any planning would be wasted if I couldn't get to a safe place to stay until then.

"So what do I do until then?"

"Well, you can probably stay in the Human village, though I don't know what you'll do about housing."

I figured as much.

"If you walk down the road leading to the shrine long enough, you'll find some other people before nightfall, if you're fast enough."

That didn't bode to well for me. Not that I was a slow walker, but that the nearest other people are that far away. It was still early afternoon, and if it would take until nightfall at best to reach the village, that's roughly 6 hours of hiking through unfamiliar roads and terrain with the possibility of being sideswiped by a youkai at any time.

"There's one thing that's been bugging me though," Reimu said, her expression unchanging. "You seem to already be familiar with some aspects of Gensokyo. Every other outsider would be a little shocked or surprised to find out such a thing, but you seem to take it fairly easily."

Damn it. I was hoping this question wouldn't come up. Marisa's expression reflected some surprise, as if she'd never thought of it herself until now and suddenly came to the same realization. I should have figured out an excuse for this question first in case it came up, but it was too late for wishful thinking now.

"Well, uh, there are legends and such on the outside, as well as people that believe in them. I happened to be one of those people that believed in the rumour of Gensokyo. There was a few other people, including two girls named Maryberry and Renko."

Reimu didn't react. I wasn't sure if it was because she didn't know about the two that I named, or because she was still considering if she believed it or not. All things considered though, it wasn't exactly untrue, even if Renko and Maryberry weren't part of my world itself, per se.

"So that's how it is then? Nothing I can say about that I guess." Reimu said, sipping at her tea again.

"Too bad you can't fly." Marisa said, finally joining this little conversation. "You'd be able to get to the human village long before nightfall if you could just soar over the trees."

I feigned a rather pitiful act of being somewhat confused by Marisa, since I felt it would be something a 'normal' outsider would do in such a situation. I had no reason to believe people could fly here from personal experience outside of games, even though I expected it to be true regardless.

"Fly? How does one go about that?" I asked. I tried to make it sound like I had no idea what she was talking about, but at the same time tried to see if I could glean some kind of hidden secret to levitation. Marisa seemed a bit lost of an explanation and turned to Reimu as if to ask. Reimu, however, showed no interest in the subject and sat quietly drinking tea.

"Well, it's not exactly something that can be explained, it's more something that you just can or can't do." Marisa said while adjusting her hat. "Best way I relate is that if you want to fly strongly enough, you will eventually."

That made a moderate bit of sense. After all, with a world putting so much stock into the powers of faith and spirit, it wouldn't be too much of a stretch to assume that all these special powers were an extension of willpower and belief. I made a mental note to try out a few things once I reached safety, flying being one of them.

"I should probably try to get to the village now. The longer I stay here, the less time I have before dark and I don't want to get caught by anything dangerous."

I stood up from where I sat and started towards the doors. I lamented my lack of shoes as I slid the doors open and stared into the outside world. Marisa and Reimu were already talking about something else behind me, so I considered it best to continue on without interrupting. I stepped outside and slid the door shut. That's when I caught a glimpse of black out of the corner of my eye. My boots were laying on their side just beyond the edge of the porch-thing I was standing on. I didn't really care to understand what they were doing here, I was just thankful to have them. After sliding them on and lacing them up, I felt significantly better about the long trek ahead of me.

I wondered though. I remember falling asleep in my bed, and I ended up waking up in Reimu's. My boots were here, but outside, while they were downstairs by the front door back at home. I was wondering how many other things of mine might have made the transfer with me, and decided that a quick once over of the area would probably be of some benefit if there was anything else of mine that landed here. It was around this point I realized the difference in weather for the first time. There was still snow everywhere where I lived, but here in Gensokyo, it felt like early spring. I was somewhat relieved by this, since I could imagine that winters here would probably be much worse than Outside. After all, there are no Cirnos or Lettys in the Outside world.

During my scouring of the shrine grounds, I managed to find and recover my hat, which helped my morale somewhat. Now I felt somewhat like a part of Gensokyo, wearing a hat just like all the other main characters. When I caught myself thinking that however, I had to remind myself that I wasn't a real character and that such delusions would probably get me killed. I also managed to find my book bag, still packed with a notebook, two pens, my PSP and DS, and several games for both, but no adapters. Just as it had been for the last two months. I also surprisingly found my house keys and with it the little pen light I kept attached to the key ring, and my mp3 player. I felt a brief twinge of irony holding my mp3 player and realizing that I had several whole IOSYS cd's worth of touhou music on it, which would be quite fitting to enjoy while walking the countryside. Unfortunately though, I wasn't able to find my headphones on the grounds and decided it would be best not to waste any more time. Even if what I had couldn't help me much, having some familiarity in a strange world was something I was thankful for. As an added morale boost, I could probably also pawn some stuff off at Kourindo if I needed to to get a jump start on my 'new' life, even if it was just a transient phase until I was able to leave.

With most of my personal effects in place, I circled back around to the front of the shrine and started on my way down the road. I felt uneasy leaving a place I knew to be moderately safe and venturing out into the unknown. I looked back at the shrine, almost hoping I would see someone coming out to tell me not to leave alone and that I would be getting a personal escort. No one came of course, as I turned my head back to where I was walking I thought I saw someone trying to hide behind one side of the large gate that stood over the road, a woman with green hair. I didn't see anyone when I looked closer though and chalked it up to either my imagination or a youkai already. Despite the circumstances and the situation I found myself in, I felt rather optimistic about the whole thing now, especially since I managed to get away from the shrine without incident.

It's not every day someone finds that they've managed to materialize in a world that's only existed in fiction. I was somewhat looking forward to spending time here, because I realized when I do finally manage to leave this world, I'll be able to live knowing that I crossed the Border of Reality and Fantasy and survived to return.

He looked up at the sky, dismayed. It had been several hours since he started out from the Hakurei Shrine and it was already getting into the evening. The distant mountain ranges posed a particular problem, as they would blot out the sun much earlier than a flat horizon. A brewing dread over becoming some youkai's dinner was starting to instill a slight panic by now, as being out after nightfall was almost surely an easy way to get killed. He was thankful however that the Hakurei shrine is built over the East of Gensokyo, since it seemed the mountain range in the East was higher than those visible in the western horizon.

There had been a few times when he thought it was all over, catching a sight of some various beasts and youkai in the woods along the road, though they paid him no mind fo the most part or were otherwise appearing to be entirely uninterested. The road so far at least had been even and uneventful. Actually, it was more of a pathway at this point, the cobbling had long since given away to a walkway of dirt with sunken logs, almost like a park trail. The trail itself had slowly seemed to go into a rather gradual curve, as looking back at the path behind him showed that there was a slight arc. Little thought was given to the reasons for the condition of the path and why it wasn't cobbled anymore, since every conclusion he arrived at involved youkai and death. In fact, a lot of what he had been thinking of contained those factors, which is why he had taken to focusing on the memories he had of the music stored within his currently useless mp3 player. With enough concentration, he could almost hear them, and that was all he needed to keep himself composed despite his situation. Very soon, he would have a new hope, as he saw the forest ahead had suddenly cut off and the path took a sharp turn away from a short cliff face.

It was the first open view he had in several hours, and being below much of the tree line that seemed to comprise the entire view from the shrine, he could see the rooftops of houses in the distance. All feelings of hopelessness faded instantly at the sight. The pathway went along the cliff face for a short while before turning onto a slope that seemed like it was artificially created out of the cliff face, a crude set of stone and wood stairs he figured were made to ease travel over an otherwise steep slope further down the cliff. Shifting the book bag hanging from his shoulder, he turned back to the path and started towards the stairs. He took a few steps, and was suddenly blindsided. It took a moment to realize he had been pushed over the edge. He lost consciousness from shock long before he hit the ground.

By the time he opened his eyes, miraculously finding himself alive, the sun had long since set and he found himself in quite a situation. For the most part he felt terrible, several parts of his body hurt quite badly, but nothing felt as if it was broken. He did notice he had been bleeding, though the wounds had clotted. With a bit of twisting and squirming, he managed to right himself and turn his back to the cliff, propping up against it. Most of his hair had come out of it's hair tie and hung in his face and clung to dried blood around the cuts on his head. Despite being night time, it was rather bright, or brighter than he expected at least. The natural moonlight gave a rather pale lighting to the open areas. The area he landed seemed to be the bottom part of the path that descended the cliff. It didn't look as tall as it had from the top, maybe around fifteen feet. Still, though the fall wasn't enough to kill him, he was in too much pain to walk and the worst part, he had been unconscious for several hours, God knows what could have found him before he woke up. He took a quick look around him, finding his book bag had apparently fallen off him in transit to the ground. It had landed on it's back several feet from him. It looked largely unchanged, though he had hoped that it's contents had survived the fall. Little good would broken electronics serve him here even if for trade.

There was a rustle in the forest ahead of him. His heart jumped into his throat. While it was dimly lit on the path where he was, the foliage of the forest blocked out the light, making it look like a deep black abyss of trees. There was another rustle and a sound like the snap of a twig. Another rustle, they were getting closer. A thousand scenarios raced through his head, punctuated by the throbbing pain that continued to grow with the rate of his heart beat. He could make out a faint figure in the darkness of the trees. Whatever it was was human, or at least human shaped. A young girl stepped out into the moonlight, though it didn't take long for him to realize she was a youkai. The clawed hands and feet were sign enough of trouble, though the red eyes, grey and brown tail and dog ears were the easiest sign to follow.

"A human? What a treat! I don't even have to fight the rest of my pack for him." she said with a sick smile. He could only help but laugh. It was the worst thing he could think of at a time like this, but it started without him. A low chuckle, almost like a cough, that built into a clear, insane laughter. A mixture of utter terror and pain had pushed him over the edge of logical thinking.

"What're you laughing at? Hey!" the girl commanded sharply, only to be met by more laughter. It was uncontrollable, in the back of his mind, he felt that this is what it truly meant to 'laugh in the face of death'. The wolf girl took a step forward and drove out her foot, kicking into the rock next to his head. Several chunks broke away and he felt a new warmth on his face as a fresh wound began to bleed. His insane laughter stopped abruptly.

"What's wrong? Not funny anymore? We'll see how funny you find my next act, when I bite out your throat." she said, taking a few steps toward him, baring her teeth. A set of fully canine teeth greeted him with the ferocity of a hungry wolf.

"Little girl," he said, his voice hoarse from laughter. "You touch me and I'll send you to Hell." Her snarl faded and returned as one of insolence.

"What!? You piece of- I'll be sure to kill you right away!"

Clumsily he worked his right hand towards his pocket, hoping he could play the situation just a little while longer.

"That's what the last youkai that threatened me said shortly before I sent him to receive his judgment. He was holding me out above the cliff here, you see," he said, working his hand slowly into his pocket. His key ring was right at his fingertips, and he could feel the small plastic press light he kept attached to it he kept to help find things he might have dropped in the street at night. It was his only trump card. So far, the wolf girl looked like she was buying his story.

"I finished him with a rather powerful attack at point blank, and as a result I fell down this cliff. You should be thankful I'm still sore, or else you'd never have lived to threaten me."

The wolf girl's snarl worsened. He didn't feel like he had much time left.

"That's a tall tale, but there's no way a half-dead pile of meat like you could have beaten a youkai." she said indignantly, taking another few steps forward. She was within arms reach of his feet by now.

"Look at me, youkai girl. Do I look like any normal villager from these parts? I'm not just some bag of meat like these people, I'm a youkai exterminator from another world. A world outside of Gensokyo. That bag there contains all manner of weapons I use to destroy your kind."

She took a step back. Her expression didn't change, but it was naturally true he didn't look like villagers here and this worked in his favour, as did his bag which he noted she glanced at out of the corner of her eyes. He had managed to squirm his keyring into his hand by now and folded it into his palm, holding the press light in a way that concealed most of it though left the bulb exposed enough to still shed it's pale blue light. He slowly withdrew his hand from his pocket.

"I hear you have some spellcard rules around these parts to limit individual strength. So... how about a high stakes game. One card each, I go first, and-"

"No way!" she interjected. "I go first!"

"I go first," he commanded sternly, "Or I will simply destroy you where you stand before you can even begin." He waited for her to say something, but she didn't. The silence hung between them for a few seconds. He brought his hand, concealing the light, up to his lap casually.

"I go first, and if you manage to avoid it, you get to go. If you hit me, you can eat me. If I win, however, I will kill you regardless."

He could feel an air of uncertainty, as he was hoping to instill. His only hope was beginning to work in his favour, being an outsider, all he had going for him was the fact that he didn't fit in and his blatant disregard for established rules he was hoping was a part of every youkai's life. The wolf girl nodded slowly, her face changing to a determined expression hiding her nervousness. He mustered all his strength for what what coming next.

"Then I'll begin." He said, raising his arm from his lap. He pressed the button on the light and began to move his arm, pressing and releasing the button in short bursts to break up the pattern as he drew random shapes and characters in the air with his hand, which as far as the wolf girl was concerned, was creating light from nowhere.

"Paragon of Humanity 'Perfect Destruction Wave'."

The bluff worked. Before there was any time to realize that it was a hoax, the youkai turned tail and ran back into the forest. He dropped his arm to his side, throbbing with pain still. It had been only a few minutes since he had woken up, and most of the pain had begun to dull from tolerance, though he felt in no shape to start moving. Risking another youkai attack would be suicide though and the possibility the girl would return with others occurred to him, he forced himself to his feet. It was a fairly painful process, though he recovered his hat and bag, he also discovered that the contents of the latter had also survived the fall. He began his slow hobble back along the path, his body aching every step of the way.

Limping his way down the path, rustling sounds in the trees were heard again, though none of them sounded like they were coming towards him. Thinking back to a few minutes ago, he remembered not being able to clearly see the girl until she stepped out of the woods, and suddenly realized that she might not have been the only youkai in the area. A familiar dread began to set in as he wondered if others were watching, and worse yet, if they were aware of his feint. This time however, fear couldn't quicken his pace beyond his painful limp, and he was forced to progress slowly listening to periodic shuffles in the darkness within the trees. It was as if all his fears of the early evening were starting to come to life. Perhaps it was the pain, or maybe a deep realization of the trouble he was in, injured and still possibly several hours from the village, he fell to his knees and then laid down on the path. He really was in too much pain to walk, and was only carrying himself on adrenaline from his brush with death. The rustling didn't stop with him however, and he closed his eyes, resigning himself to whatever fate awaited him.

It felt like an eternity passed, his body throbbing in time to his heart. He heard the distant sound of footsteps and his heart jumped. Something was coming for him and he wasn't going to put up much of a fight any more. It took him a few seconds to realize the sounds were coming from up the path however, and he strained to look up to see down the path. Several figures were moving towards him in the pale light, though his poor angle didn't allow him the best view. He lowered his head again, closing his eyes. Bracing one arm against the ground, he lifted himself up and looked down the road.

"Come any closer and I'll kill you all." he shouted at the figures. They all stopped, which bought him some time to see they were all humanoid, though he couldn't make out much more aside from the fact they were all men. The group of men talked to each other for a few seconds before one of them, a shorter man with a bald head, stepped forward.

"We've heard that there was an outsider coming down from the Hakurei shrine that might be seriously hurt at the cliff pass, so we came as soon as we got word."

It occurred to him that they were villagers, though he didn't realize entirely what they had said, only that he was glad to see them. His arm gave out beneath him and he fell, hitting his head hard against the ground. He heard some shouts before he lost consciousness again.

The next time he opened his eyes, it was morning. A single beam of light shone through a small gap in curtains covering a nearby window. His mind swam as he looked around the room, trying to remember what happened. Slowly, memories of the night came back to him, the wolf youkai, his fall from the cliff, the villagers on the path. He realized he was in a bed, not just a mat on the floor. His body still ached from the night before, though he felt relieved to be in relative peace. He felt slight tremors in the bed before he heard the footsteps outside the door to the room. The door opened with a click and a man with silver hair and yellow eyes stepped into the room carrying a tray bearing a pitcher and a cup.

"Ah, you're awake. That's good."

"Rinnosuke?"

Rinnosuke blinked. He was clearly surprised to be named. He adjusted his glasses and walked over to the bedside, where he placed the tray on a short table next to the bed.

"Yes, that's my name, but I wonder how an outsider like you knows it."

The bedridden man didn't remember that he should be acting as if he doesn't know anything about Gensokyo in his haze, he closed his eyes and tried to fight off the coming headache.

"It's... an ability. Like your item recognition. I can... know who people are and what they can do."

Rinnosuke seemed to ponder for a bit, pouring some water from the pitcher into the cup.

"Sounds like a pretty useful thing to have in a place like Gensokyo."

"How did I get here?"

"I don't know. How or why people cross over the boundary between Inside and Outside isn't exactly something we know how to explai-"

"No, I mean here, this room. Last I remember I was passing out in the dirt."

"Oh, right." Rinnosuke said, giving an exaggerated cough. "A particular customer of mine came by last night to borrow some items and told me about an outsider they ran across. She didn't seem too interested in talking about that until I offered to waive part of her outstanding tab..." Rinnosuke said, trailing off and taking on a fairly aggravated expression. It took him a few seconds to get back to the explanation.

"She told me that she saw him fall off a cliff. She tried to save him but he hit the ground pretty hard. She then said she had some important business at the time and had to leave without checking to see if he was alright, but she did offer a prayer to his soul and hurried along."

The man in the bed started to have a bad feeling, a discomfort began to grow in the pit of his stomach. He had flashes of memory from when he first fell from the cliff, something he hadn't thought about until now. It was still hazy though, as if looking at a picture taken out of focus.

"Of course, this had happened in the evening and I hadn't heard of it until nightfall. That's when I hurried to the village to see if I could find help in recovering this person to see if he was still alive. I got a few men of the village I have contact with to lend a hand and go search. In the end, they brought you here and helped treat your wounds."

Since waking up again, he realized for the first time that he had been tended to. Though all of his hair was loose now, he could feel slight tingling where the cuts he knew about were. One visible one he remembered being on his chest was covered lightly in some sort of cream and covered with an adhesive bandage. Rinnosuke must have noticed him looking at it, as he spoke up shortly afterwards.

"Yes, even here in Gensokyo we have some fairly modern conveniences for outsiders. The medicine is supplied by a rather recently discovered medical genius, but the bandage is something that was brought to me from the outside world. I believe you call them Band-Aids?"

"Something like that."

A silence followed. It almost felt like the silence was throbbing for the man in the bed, as a headache closed in on him.

"I should let you rest some more, you were looking pretty bad from that fall you took and I'm sure you could use some more time to recover. Just one last question before I go. Do you mind telling me your name?"

He hadn't thought of it before, but he he hadn't been asked his name back at the Shrine, though admittedly it wasn't exactly a situation that would require someone's name. He also considered that neither of the girls might have particularly cared about his name, especially if he came without a donation.

"Patrick Miller."

Rinnosuke gave a short nod and backed away from the bed.

"When you're feeling better, feel free to take a look around the shop. I have some more questions for you before you leave though, so I'd like it if you'd answer them for me to repay the tab you'd otherwise run up from medical treatment and housing."

There was always a catch. Patrick gave a snide smile to Rinnosuke as he left the room, closing the door behind him. Still sore, Patrick made for the cup of water on the tray, and noticed there were a few objects that looked like pills on the tray as well. Taking his chances, he downed the pills with the water and laid back in the bed. A few minutes later he fell into a welcomed sleep. 

When he next awoke, the room was in much of the same state it had been in when he last opened his eyes. A faint beam of light filtered through a gap in the curtains, giving the room a dim atmosphere. Patrick took some time to look around the room this time, seeing that it was sparsely furnished. A writing desk in the far corner with a simple wooden chair, his bed, and the table next to him, which still bore the tray Rinnosuke brought in. There still existed a slight pain in his body, though the throbbing headache had vanished and he felt well enough to get up. Still carefully moving, Patrick removed the covers from himself. His shirt had been removed, presumably to treat the cuts and scrapes he suffered. Though he hadn't thought of it after he had fallen, he noted the bandage on his chest, several on his arms and some he could feel on his back that indicated he must have taken a fairly extensive beating. He attributed them to his tumble down the face of the cliff and abrupt end on the loose rocks at the bottom. The more miraculous thing though was that he didn't suffer any broken bones from it all.

Patrick dropped his legs over the edge of the bed, he still had his pants on, which gave him some strange comfort. Slowly standing from the bed, he still felt a little woozy from getting up so soon after waking up. Patrick first went to the window, drawing aside the curtains. It was early morning, and from the window, he could see the tree line where the Forest of Magic began. The Forest was quite a sight, each of the trees were tall and thick, looking as if they'd been alive for thousands of years. Patrick felt vibrations through the floorboard with a steady beat, someone was walking around somewhere inside. The window itself seemed to look out from a second floor, and it took several seconds for Patrick to feel that the vibrations were coming from beneath him. Turning towards the door, Patrick caught sight of his shirt folded at the foot of the bed, along with his boots and socks on the floor. Picking up his shirt, he noticed it had been washed. No traces of blood or dirt remained. He started putting his shirt on as he stepped towards the door and turned the handle, pulling it open. He slid his shirt down and stepped through the doorway, but stopped. He looked at the door, seeing a small faceplate that read 'Guest', though in the back of his mind was a lingering feeling that he had seen something else there that caught his attention in the first place.

Dismissing it for now, he shut the door behind him and looked around. There were two other doorways in the hallway he was in, though his room was right in the corner of a turn. He could see the end of a railing up ahead, and started towards it, finding the stairway down. As much as he wanted to go snooping around, he was sure that if he could feel other people walking around inside, so could other people feel him as he walked, and most likely hear the floor creaking overhead. However, Patrick made a mental note to himself to ask to look around or be toured at least later on as he started down the stairs. As he descended, he saw a fairly normal looking hall area, which opened along one wall. A glimpse of cookware hanging from the walls made clear it was the kitchen. Reaching the bottom of the stairs, he could see into the forward part of the building through a loose curtain, which he figured lead to the shop portion. He could also hear voices now, a man and woman, coming from the front. He figured the man was Rinnosuke, but had no idea who the woman was. Curiosity naturally took over as he walked up the hallway to the curtain separating the shop from the house to listen in.

"Why not?" the woman asked, sounding rather flustered.

"You already owe me for several books I let you take you promised to pay for. I can't turn a blind eye to your overwhelming tab anymore."

"Aaahh," she cried in an exasperated fashion, "Just one more book? I promise I'll pay you next time!"

"I'm sorry, but no. If you want another book so badly, you should go to the Scarlet Devil Mansion and ask permission to borrow from their library."

There was a brief silence between them, and Patrick moved the curtain aside so that he could get a better look. There was stuff everywhere, it looked like a junkyard compared to the clean, empty look of the rest of the house. Patrick could barely see the back of Rinnosuke's head over all the junk from where he stood, though he could get a better view of the woman. She had oddly coloured hair which appeared to be two different colours, the bangs and long sideburns being blue, while the rest was a pale shade, like grey. Another peculiar feature was her odd looking wings, though they at least looked more like wings than some other residents of Gensokyo could claim theirs do. Patrick felt like he had seen her somewhere before, but a name didn't come to mind.

Patrick pulled the curtain aside more and stepped out into the shop area. This caught the woman's attention and she looked over at him. That's when he also noticed two small protrusions on her head that were coloured similarly to the blue hair, almost looking like small horns.

"Ah, you have a guest?"

Rinnosuke turned around then and noticed Patrick.

"Yes, he's an outsider," he said, turning his attention back to the woman. "I heard second hand that one had popped up at the Hakurei shrine, but that he seemed to be in trouble at the cliffs. He was saved and brought here by some villagers that owed me considerable tabs. Needless to say, I reduced how much they owe me by half for their help."

Patrick felt a slight twinge of annoyance. So that seemed to be the real reason people ran out to find him, debt. Patrick had a mental image of Rinnosuke being some kind of criminal overlord, ordering people that owed him money around in order to exploit their desire to pay off their tabs. Though, if they owed such tabs in the first place, Rinnosuke mustn't be too imposing.

"So what if I helped him out again? Would you cut my debt and give me another book?"

There was a brief silence, as if Rinnosuke was considering it.

"No."

"Aaaahh! You're such an idiot! Fine, I'll show you I can pay off my tab through good deeds too!"

"No, that's not how it-"

"Stop your excuses!" the woman continued, turning her attention to Patrick. "You! Go fall off a mountain so I can save you for Kourin and reduce my debt."

"Don't call me Kou-"

"You better pull through on this deal, Kourin. I'll save that outsider for you again and you'll have no choice but to cut my debt in half!"

With that, she turned on her heels and marched to the door proudly, throwing it open and storming outside into the early morning light. The door slowly swung shut on it's own behind her. Rinnosuke gave a heavy sigh and turned from the counter.

"So, I see you're well enough to move."

Patrick had a slightly amused grin on his face from the whole spectacle. It wasn't too often he got to see such amazing displays of nineball powerlevels.

"Who was that Kourin?"

Rinnosuke's face sunk.

"Wha- Why are you calling me that now?"

"It's easier to say."

Rinnosuke pushed his glasses up, a hint of annoyance on his brow.

"Fine then, so long as I get to call you 'Patty'."

"Okay."

The annoyance in Rinnosuke's expression grew. Patrick figured Rinnosuke was trying to dissuade him from using 'Kourin' by threatening to use an embarrassing sounding nickname, but ultimately backfired. Before Patrick could savour any more of the moment, a low whistle began behind him and grew in volume rapidly.

"Well then Pat- Patrick, do you want some tea?"

Patrick nodded, and Rinnosuke walked past him, hanging the curtain up on a hook hidden above the door frame.


Rinnosuke had poured the two of them cups of tea. They were the kind of cups Patrick had always seen only on a screen, the kind with no handle but thick enough to apparently not scald your fingers. Also on the table was a small basket with some slices of what looked like hand made bread. Taking the initiative, Patrick treated himself to a few slices, washing it down with the tea. He wasn't exactly a tea connoisseur, but he knew that what he had just tasted was probably the best tea he'd ever have in his life. Patrick set his cup down on the table.

"This stuff is pretty incredible tasting. It's different from tea I'm used to."

Rinnosuke gave a smile that bordered on cocky.

"It's a personal specialty. I've been experimenting with various ways of processing the tea leaves to create a truly remarkable and flavourful cup of tea. This hobby served me well in my life before I opened my own shop and began running this antique and curiosities store."

"Is that how it is?"

Rinnosuke took a drink of his tea and set it down as well. He was obviously ignoring the comment, which was fine for Patrick.

"I have questions for you, about the outside."

Patrick was somewhat surprised that Rinnosuke had waited this long before starting his questioning. He figured that despite how many outsiders there might be in Gensokyo and how many might arrive, he doesn't get the chance to ask many of them questions.

"Alright then, what do you want to know?"

Rinnosuke took a second to think. It seemed that he had a lot on his mind, and that he was trying to pick the best questions.

"How many people know about Gensokyo?"

A tricky one right off the bat. Patrick stalled for time with his tea as he pondered his answer. He was worried how Rinnosuke would take it if he told him their world was nothing but games and books in his world. On the other hand, he wondered if it was the right thing to tell him a skewed version of the truth. He lowered the cup.

"Many people know about it, but not many people believe in it. It's considered a legend, but there are still quite a number of people that genuinely believe in it. Personally, I wasn't one of them until I woke up here."

The answer seemed to satisfy Rinnosuke. A strange thought occurred to Patrick at this point. While it would probably be normal to ask that kind of a question, he felt there was a reason for it. Of all the things that popped up in Gensokyo from across the Border, Patrick wondered if a copy of one of the games or books ever popped up. The thought somewhat worried him, especially since Rinnosuke dealt with material from the outside world, it wouldn't be unusual for him to come into contact with this kind of thing. Worse still, he might have had the misfortune of coming across material of Mannosuke.

"Next question then, How do the things in your bag work?"

Patrick came to a sudden realization, that he hadn't seen his bag in his room. It was too late after the fact now, but it was obvious that Rinnosuke had been poking through it. He made another mental note to be more angry about that later.

"They're things from my world that happened to come through with me. They're electronics used to play games. Handy for when you have a few hours of free time and nothing to do, though you need to make sure they have power. They do have internal batteries that need to be recharged, but you'd need electrical power and the adapter to charge them. The adapters should be in the bag, you'd need to supply the power. You just turn them on and press the buttons in the right orders essentially."

Again, Rinnosuke seemed content with the answer.

"Well, would lightning work to charge them?"

Patrick wasn't sure he should even take this question seriously, though the serious expression on Rinnosuke's face seemed to state he should.

"No, that'd probably destroy them."

"Ah, well that's a problem I'll figure out later. Next question..."

Rinnosuke paused for a second, as if he was trying to think of how to word his next question properly. In the back of Patrick's mind, a slight nagging feeling had been building up ever since he came downstairs, and he couldn't take the feeling any more.

"Actually, I have a question for you. Gensokyo is located in Japan. Despite this, it seems everyone can speak English, and speak it instead of Japanese. What's with that?"

Rinnosuke seemed a bit confused with the question, as if it never crossed his mind. A slight expression of realization came to him however before his answer.

"That's right, you probably don't know about that, do you? Most of the original inhabitants do indeed speak Japanese, but very little English, or many other languages at that," he said, adjusting his glasses. "However, every once in a while we get foreign Outsiders in Gensokyo, and sometimes they pick up the language, sometimes they don't. It had gotten to a point where parts of the villages were segregated based on languages spoken. A certain resident here remedied this problem though by tampering with the borders of language through a series of loopholes only she can create. To this extent, even though I'm speaking Japanese right now, you're hearing it in whatever language you speak natively, like English, just as I hear you in Japanese."

Patrick could feel his mouth hanging open slightly. Of all the answers in the world, that was something he would have never suspected. He was even prepared to accept the explanation of an English patch. He felt a dual wave of awe and dread, amazed by the power Yukari has to affect the entire way people speak and understand each other. The dread was the realization of this power though, and perhaps a long delayed relapse of the serious trouble he was in being in this world. Patrick didn't feel like having to answer any more questions, and thankfully he wouldn't have to, as a voice rang out from the front of the building.

"Kourin~, your favourite customer is here!"

Another womans voice, more familiar. Rinnosuke sighed again and stood from the table.

"We'll continue this later." Rinnosuke said, gulping down the last of his tea. Patrick followed suit and left his cup on the table as Rinnosuke strode from the kitchen and turned out of view towards the front of the building.

"Hey, did that guy survive?" the woman's voice asked.

"Yes, though he slept for nearly a day after I gave him that medicine you brought in. Where'd you buy it from?"

"Hmm, some rabbit in a suit. I saw her leaving the nearby village when I stopped in to pick up a few things after I left here. She was selling some weird medicines, so I bought a few of them and dropped them off here for you in case that guy was alive."

"Why is it you'll give money to strangers for strange pills, but you won't even pay your tab here?"

"Because I don't pay for junk."

Silence followed. Patrick chuckled slightly to himself as he could only imagine Rinnosuke's expression right now. He felt someone walking across the front of the store and towards the kitchen. Marisa stepped through the doorway into the kitchen.

"You Outsiders are tougher than you look. I thought for sure you were dead when I knocked you off the cliff-"

Marisa abruptly stopped herself, as if she had just realized she had said something she didn't mean to. Patrick sat stunned for a few seconds. Memories of his fall came back, cloudy at first. He did remember being hit from behind, he had tried to turn around to see what hit him, and that's when he fell. He didn't have any clear memories, but there was one detail that did return to him that was lost in a cloud of pain for the last few times he tried to remember. He was hit by someone wearing black and white. Patrick's expression turned to one of angry annoyance.

"You hit me?"

"Sorry about that, I move pretty fast on my broom and I don't really watch where I'm going sometimes so-"

"Why didn't you help me? You didn't even try to stop me from falling."

"I wouldn't say that, I was too shocked at first, since I had unexpectedly run into someone. The least I could do was cast a weak levitation spell I learned for times when I want something but I'm too lazy to go get it, which is pretty much all the time," she said, with a sheepish smile and a slight chuckle. "I didn't think it worked in time, but it seems it at least worked enough to keep you from dying or breaking anything."

Patrick did calm down a little bit hearing that. It was true that he didn't break a bone during the ordeal, and it would make some more sense for it to have been the work of a spell that prevented that damage. Patrick slid his chair back and stood up, grabbing another slice of bread.

"Well, thanks at least for that little help you did offer. I'd imagine you would have had a hard time carrying someone while riding your broom, so I'll let that go."

"Actually, it wouldn't have been a problem. I thought you were dead though, so I wasn't going to waste my time hauling a corpse around, especially a dead man. People would start to get the wrong idea about a sweet innocent girl like me."

Patrick choked on the bread slightly. He decided he would disregard what was just said, as he felt that arguing with Marisa would only lead to more headaches. He did suppose that it wasn't entirely fair to blame her entirely for that thought though, since he did consider that if he had seen something similar happen to someone else, he might also assume that they were dead and wouldn't go check out of fear over finding they are in fact dead. He decided not to press this issue though, since he didn't want Marisa to ruin his mental image of her any more than she had. Patrick was slowly coming to terms with realizing that the Gensokyo he knew is much different from the Gensokyo he knows now.

"In any case, you owe me for nearly killing me."

"Huh? How so?"

"Don't you feel a little guilty about almost killing a fellow human being? Let alone one who is fairly defenseless in this world? You should make it up to me."

Marisa looked a bit confused, and Patrick wasn't sure if it was because she was trying to understand the concept of guilt, or if she was trying to think of what she could do in exchange for forgiveness.

"Okay, well what do you want me to do for you then?"

Patrick felt slightly relieved. Not only that she apparently agreed she should make it up, but that she didn't come to any weird conclusions. He then steeled himself, deciding what he was going to ask. He almost didn't want to, though it was more due to nerves than any other reasoning he could come up with. He took a deep breath to calm himself down, then asked the most important question he would need answered.

"Can you teach me to fly?"

"No way."

Patrick smirked. He expected about as much.

"First you'll want to fly, then you'll want to learn how to danmaku, next thing you know, you make off with my Non-Directional Laser and Master Spark like a common thief."

There was a noted emphasis on 'my', and Patrick's smirk widened to a grin. Marisa gave him a strange look, as if she was evaluating his mental stability.

"Besides, I remember saying something back at the shrine about how to fly. You just have to will it enough," she said, floating into the air almost effortlessly. If Patrick didn't know better, he'd swear she was being lifted by wires.

"Never saw you without your broom before."

Marisa looked down, as if she'd just realized that herself.

"Ah yeah. It's not like I need it to fly, but I don't look enough like a witch flying around like this. I feel like I should stick my arms out."

"Is that so?"

"Yeah. Wait..."

Patrick retained his grin as a confused looking Marisa returned to the floor.

"How did you know that?"

"Know what?" Patrick asked, insincerely. He hadn't been thinking about his circumstances and was starting to settle into being in this world. If he wasn't careful, he'd really let out some information he wouldn't want others to know, and then he'd have really dug himself a hole.

"That saying."

"Saying?"

"Yeah, 'Is that so?'"

"What's so special about it?"

"... Nothing, nevermind."

Marisa made her way over to the half full tea pot was sitting on a nearby counter and poured herself a cup of tea. Patrick felt that trying to talk to her again right now would be a little awkward, so he decided to make his way to the store. Leaving the kitchen, he turned back to the front of the building, entering the store portion where Rinnosuke was digging through some boxes stacked in the far back corner of the cluttered area. Now was as good a time as any to make a cursory check of the area for anything that might be of interest.

First thing he saw was his bag, sitting on it's side behind the counter, the squeeze latches undone and the top hung open slightly. Inside, he found his hat and the hair tie he had been wearing, along with his mp3 player. The mp3 player looked slightly cracked, and a corner of the display screen was blacked out, but it turned on fine and seemed to work, even though he didn't have his headphones. Patrick replaced all but his hair tie, using it to hold back his hair in a ponytail. He hoisted his bag and slid the carrying strap over his shoulder as he stood to return to his exploration of the shops goods. The counter itself seemed to be a showcase of some kind, housing a bunch of various other electronic devices. Some other music players, various cameras old and new, what looked like a laptop, a blender, flashlights, nothing particularly useful looking aside from the flashlights, though he doubted he could find batteries for them in case he needed them. Patrick turned his attention to others parts of the store, wandering between boxes, bags and crates of assorted things. Boots, coats, umbrellas in one corner, newspapers, fashion magazines, gaming magazines along one wall. To his surprise, he also found a beaten up box that looked like a shoe box that was about half full with what looked like bullets. He wasn't too sure what to make of a box full of bullets as he poked at the contents. Many of the bullets were dirty looking or marked up, and there were a few empty casings in the box as well. Patrick picked up a bullet that looked about the size he remembered 9mm being. It was around this time as well, that Rinnosuke noticed Patrick was in the room.

"Ah, careful with that!" he said, taking long steps towards Patrick and snatching the bullet from his hand.

"These things are dangerous."

"Yeah, I know what bullets are. You wouldn't happen to have guns to go with them, would you?"

Rinnosuke didn't answer. It seemed that Rinnosuke was mulling over whether or not to answer the question truthfully.

"Weapons like that won't do you any good, they're not powerful enough to protect you from anyone other than other humans in this world."

"Then, do you have weapons that would work against youkai?"

Silence. Rinnosuke's expression turned sour, as if he was disapproving of the notion of letting go of any of his items. Patrick didn't care what the answer was, because he already knew he could change Rinnosuke's mind.

"I do, but I can tell you right now you can't afford one."

Patrick lifted the flap of his bag and pulled out the foam case he kept his PSP in.

"Not even if I offer this as a trade?"

Patrick held up the PSP. Silence again, but this time he could see the difference in Rinnosuke's face. In front of him, a wondrous technological gadget from the outside world that still worked, something he probably wasn't able to boast about much.

"I hope you're fine with a sword."

"Just having one will make me feel better. Even if I can't use one correctly, I can act like I do."

Rinnosuke made a noise that sounded like a sighing laughter. Patrick wasn't too sure what to think of that, but watched as Rinnosuke made his way over to a pile of crates stacked on top of a rather sturdy but weathered looking dresser and pulled open the top drawer. Inside was a bunch of weapons, mostly swords, of various styles. There were more swords without sheathes than with them, and they all laid rather haphazardly, almost as if they were dropped into the drawer in a bundle and left there.

"This drawer is really the only one with anything worth using. Problem is, I don't know off the top of my head which ones are good and which ones aren't."

Of course there was a problem. It was quickly becoming second nature to expect things to go wrong, and Patrick started considering if he should even bother enjoying his time here, and just live a peaceful life in a village, cowering at his own shadow and counting the hours until he could be sent back home. A slight twitch picked up in the back of Patrick's right shoulder. He moved his shoulder around and reached back to rub it idly when he felt a slight tingle in his arm. Patrick snapped back to attention, he was sure there was something in this drawer that could help him, he just had to find it.

"You okay Patrick? Never seen so many blades before?" Rinnosuke asked with an almost proud tone.

"I'm fine, just a bit of clarity there. I can feel something in this drawer has some spiritual power tied to it."

Patrick slid the PSP into his pocket for now, and carefully started moving various swords around as he searched. The drawer wasn't very deep, but it was long and wide. At an estimation, there had to be at least 60 different swords, and he couldn't tell how many had the sense of power he had felt. It had slipped his mind since he'd come to Gensokyo, but he did have something that might be considered an 'ability' in terms of powers, even on the Outside. He had learned from experience growing up on an entertainment diet of Ghostbusters and various other paranormal and monster movies and TV shows that he was particularly sensitive to paranormal events. While hauntings and ghosts are something that most people on the Outside would dismiss on the basis of being considered fantasy, they were quite real to Patrick, and any time he was in the presence of a spiritual power, whether it be an item with residual spirit attached to it or a genuine entity, he would get twitches in his right arm as it began to go numb.

As he moved the swords, ignoring the few pinches he felt as sharp blades bit into his skin occasionally, his hands came to a smooth sheath, and he felt the same tingling. This was it. He carefully moved more of the swords away, pulling out a weathered looking katana. While having seen display pieces with the handle wrapped in some kind of leather or fabric, this swords handle had a similar design made of metal. There was a broken piece of metal near the tsuba that seemed like it might have been part of the sword at some point, and a ring attached to the scabbard he assumed was to carry it on a belt. It wasn't a very impressive looking sword, which was something that rather disappointed him, but he was sure this sword was one that would protect him.

"Ah, that?" Rinnosuke said, reaching his hand out to touch the sword as Patrick held it. "It's an Officer's sword, a Shin-Gunto 'Type 95'. I understand they were issued to officers during a war in the outside world several decades ago."

It almost made too much sense. It had been said that only magical or historical weapons would be able to harm youkai, and right now, Patrick was holding a weapon that was not only a piece of history but likely also contained residual spirit from the times it was carried in battle. Carefully, Patrick drew the blade. He instantly noticed the blood grooves on the blade, something he hadn't seen before on a katana styled sword. With some tricky positioning, Patrick tested the edge with a fingernail, something he had been taught as a method of feeling how sharp a blade was without as much danger of injury as using your fingers directly. It was still fairly sharp too, which was good as Patrick had no idea how to care for or maintain a sword to restore it's edge.

"I'll take this then. I'm sure it'll work for me."

Patrick hoped that was true as he pulled the PSP from his pocket and handed it to Rinnosuke. Rinnosuke eagerly accepted it and hurried across the store, to a spot beside the counter, where he placed the PSP into a small box. He had started to make his way back when he stopped and looked towards the kitchen. Soon after, Patrick also noticed what had most likely caught Rinnosuke's attention, the smell of onions being cooked. Rinnosuke changed course and hurried out of the store towards the kitchen. For a few seconds, Patrick considered following him, but then considered something more pressing to attend to. He went over to where Rinnosuke had walked to, opened the box, and retrieved his PSP, quickly sliding it back into the bag around his shoulder and doing up the push latches. Closing the box behind him, he idly made his way towards the kitchen as well, having already heard Rinnosuke start arguing with Marisa.

"You can't just start cooking my food!"

"Relax, Kourin. Besides, I haven't had breakfast yet. The tea made me feel nostalgic, and I felt that nostalgia went best with steak."

"Is there anything you won't steal from me?"

Brief silence.

"Nope."

Patrick entered the kitchen just as Marisa started to laugh and pat Rinnosuke on the shoulder. Rinnosuke sat down at the table with his head in one hand. He looked like he was muttering something, but Marisa didn't seem to be paying much attention to him as she pulled a knife from a stand on the counter and proceeded to cut into the meat as it fried in a pan.

"Relax Kourin, I'll split this with you if you really treasure some meat so much."

Rinnosuke didn't seem to improve much after hearing that, but he raised his head from his hand.

"I was going to eat that myself tonight you know. You should probably prepare some other dishes to go with it so it's not a waste and we get hungry again soon."

That seemed to be all the motivation Marisa needed, and immediately started gathering together various things, obviously familiar with the kitchen and it's contents. Patrick felt slightly amused at the sight, someone who had nearly killed him and showed little to no concern over the fact was no here cooking for someone in their own home. In the back of his mind, he felt it was justified though, since as far as he remembered, Rinnosuke had known Marisa her entire life, and it was suggested he even worked for her family at one point. It was probably a normal thing for Rinnosuke to have taken care of Marisa, and now she returns the favour every so often, even if it is by surprise and troublesome.

"What about your guest? We can't exactly split the steak again, unless you give him half of yours."

Rinnosuke turned his head towards the doorway, a ponderous look on his face.

"It's okay actually, I don't even get hungry until I'm awake for a few hours. In fact, I was going to go take a look around at the village, get to know the area a little bit. I'll most likely find some way to stay there tonight so I'm not imposing on you anymore."

Patrick laughed to himself in his head, he sure had sounded rather sincere there. While it was true he wanted to leave, it was because he wanted to get away before Rinnosuke discovered he had been ripped off. Turning from the kitchen, he walked towards the stairs, heading to the guest room to get his footwear, as walking around Gensokyo barefoot sounded like a terrible idea. Patrick entered the corner room, picked up his socks and boots and put them on. As a last bit of actual courtesy, since he was actually cared for and able to rest, he made the bed again. Satisfied with his work, Patrick made his way downstairs. As he passed the kitchen, he saw that Rinnosuke looked like he was getting over his near depression as Marisa cooked. While he did want to stay and try some of Marisa's cooking out of curiosity, he didn't want to run the risk of being caught pilfering from Rinnosuke. Unlike others that routinely stole from him, Patrick was fairly certain that even a half-youkai could easily punch him across a room before he even had a chance to react.

Without a word, Patrick made his way through the store front, stopping by the entrance to look around again. Patrick briefly hesitated before leaving, he had a lingering feeling he should take something else while he had the chance, but didn't even know where to begin. Deciding it was better to leave as soon as possible, Patrick pushed against the door. He was met with a rather solid thump and a cry of pain. The entire world felt like it turned into ice.

"Hey!"

Patrick opened the door again and stepped out quickly, shutting it behind him. He saw a humanoid shape on the ground and reacted without thinking, kneeling down over the person as they were sitting on the ground, likely knocked down from the door.

"Quiet. I was in a hurry, but I'm trying to leave without too much attention, just-"

Patrick stopped short. His mind caught up with him and he had a flash of realization. He realized he had knocked down a young girl dressed in a pair of grey breeches and wearing what appeared to be a grey button up vest, though the things he saw after making this realization disturbed him. The first thing he saw was a pair of red eyes glaring at him angrily. The next was a set of grey and brown wolf ears resting atop the young girls head.

"I'm going to bite your god damned face off, human, just-"

Patrick stood up quickly, catching the girl off guard and she stopped speaking. He took a few steps back, slowly circling away from the building and the forest as the girl jumped to her feet, claws and fangs bared. Instinctively, Patrick's hand moved to the handle of the sword he was carrying now, and instantly felt much more reassured of his situation. The next thing he knew, a knee struck him in the jaw and he was sent reeling.

"Damn it!"

He heard a short laugh as he regained his balance and saw the young girl in front of him standing calmly. Her tail was lazily flicking back and forth.

"I thought you were some kind of professional youkai exterminator, but I realized just now you don't have a shred of power at all. I owe you one for a couple nights ago. You made me out to be a bitch, so I'll show you why I'm set to be the next Alpha."

She approached like a blur again, though Patrick was able to react this time. He took a step to the side and only barely managed to avoid the clawed kick that tore through the air where his stomach would have been. It took him a second to unsheathe the blade in his hands, dropping the scabbard as he did so. That second was all it took for the girl to charge again. A small fist struck him in the chest hard enough to make him stumble backwards. He felt like he'd been punched by a truck. His mind was reeling from the strength this girl had, finally understanding for himself the physical difference between humans and youkai. The girl watched him once more, though she seemed slightly agitated this time. It took a few seconds of her solid staring to realize she was watching the blade of the sword.

"Your sword smells like blood. Even from here I can feel the malice that sword holds. What are you?"

The question took a few seconds to register. She must be able to recognize the same kind of presence Patrick felt in it. Even holding it he could feel the fingers on his right hand tingling. It was used during a war, who knows how many people it had killed, and if they were even soldiers.

"I'm just a guy with a sword that has claimed many lives, dead set on cutting through any obstacles in this world. Even if those obstacles are little girls."

The girl bared her fangs again, clearly angry over Patrick's comments about her appearance. Once again she charged forward, giving Patrick only minimal time to react. In the few seconds he had, he turned the sword downwards, with the point towards the ground, and swung out. There was a slight catch, a yelp, and the girl barreled into him and bowled him over. He felt a small warmth spread across his chest, and quickly tried to locate the girl. He spotted her on her knees just beyond him, and he rolled over, getting into a crouching position on one knee. It was then he saw the thin trail of blood running down her back and soaking into the vest she wore. A wave of anxiety washed over him, and he suppressed his first instinct to go help her, remembering that she was a youkai and that just seconds earlier, she had attempted to kill him.

"You see... I can cut you. So you'd be better off leaving with your life."

The girl got to her feet, turning towards Patrick. He could see the rather large gash along her shoulder now, she was almost completely soaked in blood already. Her face was baring an angry snarl despite the tears in her eyes.

"You're a dead man. You're going to regret letting me go."

She made a dash for the forest, disappearing into the trees quickly, clutching her shoulder. Patrick saw that there was a red stain on his shirt, and his stomach heaved. He turned his eyes away and took a few breaths, trying not to think about the cold spot on his chest as the blood began to grow cold. He knew for sure now that the sword could hurt youkai, since Patrick was sure that if it hadn't, she would have been able to recover instantly. What he wasn't sure of however was his ability to fight like that again in the future, and what particularly worried him was that he had run into her as it seemed she was heading into Kourindou. What this meant and what her connection was to the building wasn't clear, and Patrick hoped that she wasn't particularly important to Rinnosuke, and if she was that he would never find out about what happened or who did it.

He had never had a reason to try to seriously hurt or even kill someone, and even now after seeing what he did to the wolf girl, he realized he didn't want to do that unless it was a last resort. Patrick swept his hand across his head, brushing back some hairs that had come loose, looking around for the scabbard. After locating it, Patrick spotted a barrel full of water near Kourindou. He figured it was rainwater, or otherwise not important, and used it to wash off the blood still left on the end of the blade before re-sheathing it. Patrick looked around, having time now to see the area, and spotted houses not too far in the distance. Adjusting the bag on his shoulder, he set the sword through the strap to rest on the bag as he walked, and set out towards the village.

Patrick walked through the streets of the human town, taking in his surroundings. It was still fairly early in the morning, and only a few people were out in the streets. What people there were were usually busy opening shops, or doing morning errands. The few that spotted him however, seemed to eye him suspiciously, as could likely be expected considering he was a strange man with a sword, with a fairly noticeable patch of blood on his shirt. No one had said anything to him however, as most people seemed to avoid him, and his slight embarrassment in the situation made it hard for him to ask someone directly for help. As it were, he could see more of the town below, as the area he came into was on the outskirts, and had more of a rural appearance to it compared to what he could see further along, at the bottom of the gentle sloping hill the outskirts were located on. Even from here, he could make out more modern looking buildings, and that's where he had decided to head. That is, until a door opened outwards in front of him. Patrick strode full force into the door and bounced off, falling to the ground in his surprise and loss of footing.

"Holy shit! What the hell? Be more careful, you... you..." Patrick exclaimed, getting to his knees. His stomach seized up almost immediately at the sight of the other person, a tall man that looked like he was chiseled from pure muscle. The most problematic thing Patrick noticed immediately was that the man was glaring at him with an expression that either meant he was about to crush his skull with his bare hands, or he had just lost a very big bet.

"I mean, I'm sorry. I should have been more attentive. I kind of spaced out and- Uh..."

"Yer an outsider, ain'tcha?"

Patrick blinked a few times. The mans voice was about as gruff as you'd expect, and Patrick's nerves settled down from panic mode and he could make out more details, namely, that the man himself didn't look Japanese himself. Patrick suddenly realized he had been asked a question.

"Ah, yes. I popped up here about a day or so ago. You're an outsider too?"

The man huffed, as if he took offense at the thought of being taken as an outsider. He turned without a word and turned back to the building he had stepped out of, pulling the door closed and locking it. Patrick noticed that it was a door he was more familiar with, and not the sliding type of doors that seemed more prevalent in this area. Through a small window, he could see quite a number of tools arranged in a way that would only make sense if they were for sale. Before he could ask questions, if he had any, the man had walked away, heading in the direction Patrick had walked from. Things were already looking fantastic, he had been in the village for not even twenty minutes and likely already got on someone's nerves. He'd fit right in naturally. Deciding standing around would get him nowhere, Patrick continued on his way. Today would prove to be a day of interruptions, however, as he heard the sound of an opening door and quickly froze, looking around for the source. He spotted a woman leaving another building that looked like a house a few feet ahead of him. He almost immediately recognized the strange box-hat she wore, but before he could say anything, she had noticed him staring, and gave a short start as if surprised.

"Oh, uh, hello..." Keine said, sounding somewhat hesitant. Patrick remembered the patch of blood on his shirt and the sword he carried and chalked up her reaction to that, as she had indeed noticed them already.

"You're... Keine Kami... Kamishirasawa, was it?"

Keine jumped again, as if her name was shocking to hear. Then again, she probably wasn't used to being recognized by outsiders, something she probably already knew as well, more based on her power than any normal perceptive skills. She seemed slightly lost for words before she took a breath and calmed herself down.

"I know this is sudden, but would you mind coming with me?"

It was Patrick's turn to be surprised now. He didn't necessarily have any objections to following her, but she was right, it was sudden. He stood there for a while, expecting her to start moving, but she didn't. The situation grew awkward after a few seconds, and Patrick decided to take the first step. Once he did, Keine sprung into motion as well, as if she had just realized she was going somewhere as well, Patrick slowly catching up beside her.

"So, I assume you have a reason to ask me to follow you?" Patrick asked. Keine seemed somewhat lost in thought, and she looked like she was seeing something far away. Patrick tried in vain to follow her gaze, but didn't see anything of interest. Perhaps she was using her power in some way?

"I just have some questions, and..." she trailed off, as if she had forgotten what to say next. She never did pick back up where she dropped off.

"Seems I've got a track record for being questioned. Rinnosuke at Kourindou had some questions for me about the outside as well. I kinda guess I should have expected as much."

Keine looked at him with a somewhat confused expression, and he realized he should probably pay more attention to what he's saying. It'd be easy enough for him to pass off his 'ability' to know people, though since it was about as real as Gensok- Well, not real at all, he could simply explain it away. He was a bit curious as to why she hadn't inquired how he knew her name though.

"Actually, my questions are more about you and your history."

"Ah, that's how it is then? Are you more interested in the people from the outside than their world?"

Keine didn't reply. All this time, they had been walking down the hill towards the main part of town, and he could see a large building ahead that looked like a typical school like building. He could also see children of varying ages gathered in pockets around it. Keine didn't say anything until they reached the building, where several children greeted her. She greeted them back warmly, quite a change from her somewhat melancholy state just a short while ago. She ushered the children into the building, but stopped at the doors, turning around.

"Come with me. I'll send the children to the class, I want to question you here, where it will be safe."

A chill ran up Patrick's spine. He didn't like the way she had said that, and something in the back of his mind told him he'd be better off leaving. Part of him also wanted to follow her however, and that was split into two reasons. The first being that because she was an attractive woman that appeared somewhere in his age range that actually wanted to know more about him, and the second being that he felt that whatever safety she was talking about was something probably worth seeking as he had no idea what the danger could be. His imagination acting up, his mind flashed back to the large man he ran in to, and Patrick had horrible images of a group of anti-outsiders tearing him to pieces to feed to youkai. Patrick started towards the building, and Keine turned on her heels and walked into the building.

Once inside, he was directed to a small room with several chairs and a desk while Keine went to the classroom to give the students something to do. Patrick set his bag and sword down on the floor next to him, propping the sword up so the handle rested against the side of the chair. It took several minutes by his reasoning for Keine to return, and when she did, she quickly snatched up the sword and placed it on the desk, beyond his reach.

"Uh...?"

"No weapons on school grounds."

Fair enough. After all, he was a strange man with a sword and a bloodspot. Keine turned the chair at the desk towards him and took a seat, looking him over with a slightly concerned expression. He kind of felt like he was being evaluated.

"Where are you from in the outside world?"

Patrick felt a little jolt of surprise from Keine suddenly breaking the silence.

"Canada, but, uh..."

"Don't worry, I know quite a bit about the outside world historically as well. Kourindou occasionally receives textbooks from the outside, I have almost all of them that have ever come through."

Well, that was good to know.

"What's your name?"

"Patrick Miller."

"Is that a common name in the outside? Patrick?"

These questions were a little weird, but whatever.

"I don't really know. Was Keine a common Japanese name?"

Keine made a small, almost amused grin but said nothing.

"What was your childhood like?"

"Are you a licensed psychiatrist?"

Keine didn't reply, she simply watched him with a kind of intensity that made him a little uncomfortable.

"Boring and uninteresting mostly. Went to school, played with friends, spent most of my time inside otherwise reading or playing games."

She seemed satisfied with something, and the tension in the atmosphere felt like it lifted a little.

"Do you know about Gensokyo?"

"Yes, there are legends and myths on the outside. I happened to be one of the believers."

Seemed he was taking a liking to that as an excuse. While it was partially true, he just didn't want to be the one to tell them that they're not real. After all, in a world where faith is power, he kind of wondered what kind of effects people believing they didn't exist would have. The idea of a barren, empty Gensokyo didn't sound too promising, even if he wasn't planning on being a permanent resident.

"How did you know my name?"

Ah, and there it was.

"I-It's an ability of mine, like your historical divination and your were-hakutaku form. There are some people in my world with powers, and-"

"You're lying."

Patrick could almost feel his blood run cold. He almost hoped he had just heard an echo of his subconscious, but denial wouldn't make the distinctly Keine sounding voice fade from memory any faster.

"I can tell from your history you've never had such an ability. At best you have slight spiritual power, but nothing significant."

Patrick was at a loss for words. He had no idea she could actually know someone's history. His disbelief wavered though, and he felt that maybe she was just bluffing and was hoping to try to scare him into giving some other kind of answer. If she knew his history, why was she asking?

"It really is an ability. I can know a person's name an abilities just by looking at them."

"You first arrived here inside the Hakurei shrine. After being sent off because of the barrier's fluctuations being too strong for Reimu to breach, you were knocked off a cliff and managed to survive, only to be accosted by a youkai you managed to scare off. You were rescued soon afterwards by villagers who took you to Kourindou, where you were treated and rested for a whole day. You ultimately repaid the hospitality shown to you by swindling Rinnosuke out of a sword with a considerable history in the outside world."

God damn it, she wasn't bluffing after all it seemed. Patrick's short surprise quickly turned to annoyance as he started to feel he was being played around with.

"Fine then. Gensokyo only exists in a series of video games in the outside world. You, this building, everyone in it, this entire cloistered world, is nothing more than the coding of a mad drunken Japanese man."

The awkward silence began immediately as Keine's expression changed into one of disbelief. She didn't blink out of existence however, so maybe it was still a good thing.

"You expect me to believe something stupid like that?"

Something, somewhere in Patrick's mind snapped. He could feel the workings of nerd rage boiling up.

"You never existed until Imperishable Night, where you appeared as a stage 3 boss and attack the heroines, which consisted of pairs of Reimu and Yukari, Marisa and Alice, Yuyuko and Youmu, and Sakuya and Remilia. You were afraid of their intentions, thinking of them as youkai, and you used your power to erase the history of the human village to protect it's inhabitants, thinking the heroines were youkai coming to attack the people." Patrick was in full swing rant mode by this point, having slid to the edge of his chair.

"After you were soundly beaten, something I did myself with ease on Hard without needing a single bomb, you restored the town and the heroines headed off to the bamboo forest, where they found Eientei, home of Kaguya, your good friend Mokou's bitter rival, and the location of the true perpetrators of the fake moon. You later showed up in the Extra stage as your were-hakutaku form and tried to keep the heroines from Mokou, but were soundly beaten again, only managing to claim a single of my lives with Reincarnation 「Returning-Bridge Ichijo」. While I can still beat you only losing one life, I still can't beat Mokou, but I can get as far as Forgiveness 「Honest Man's Death」on a regular basis."

Patrick settled down a little when he realize Keine was staring at him with a rather stunned expression. His satisfaction in his apparent victory was threatening to be overshadowed now by his fear that such a detailed retelling of events would have some sort of negative impact on the world as a whole. Keine slowly seemed to come back to her senses and gave a small cough, as if clearing her throat. Her previously tense and somewhat hostile disposition seemed to have vanished as well, leaving behind something that looked like a mix of astonishment and disbelief. Keine didn't say anything for nearly a minute, but she slowly took the sword from the desk and handed it back to Patrick, who took it and laid it in his lap.

"Seems I owe you an apology at least. Perhaps your world really has something like this, I couldn't know that. Your knowledge of details is rather impressive though, and you know things you probably wouldn't ever know had you been a normal human. Whatever this game is, it's rather... thorough. I'm sorry for doubting you, and that's all the questions I had."

Patrick started to feel a little embarrassed for his tirade, but she didn't seem to be on edge anymore, so whatever it was that was causing her tension had been cleared up.

"Well, actually, I do have one more question."

"Hmm?"

Keine looked like she was trying to think of how to say something. He could see her mouthing words to herself, though he couldn't make out anything.

"Do you... have anywhere to go in the town?"

"Not really. I was thinking of finding some shop or something that would take me in as help so I can get my bearings here. I'm sure you know I'm stuck here for a few years unless I find a new way out."

Keine slowly nodded, as if she did know what he was saying and was acknowledging it and went back to her pensive state. In the pit of Patrick's stomach, he could feel something that felt like a weight, pulling him down. He noticed a slight vibration as he realized someone was walking through the hall. What would ensue would go down in Keine's own history as the worst timed moment ever. The footsteps stopped outside the door, which began to slide open as Keine spoke up.

"You can stay with me then."

Mokou had already opened the door half way, and had a rather angry expression of surprise. Keine had realized too late the door was opening, and Patrick had already dropped a few bricks. The door closed quickly, and the footsteps moved away. Keine stood from her hair flustered and ran out into the hall, chasing Mokou. Oh boy. Patrick didn't want to leave the chair, feeling it was the only place in the world that would protect him. He could hear the two of them arguing in the hallway.

"Stay with you? What's wrong with you Keine?"

"He's an outsider, and he's lost here. The least I could do is help him."

"Always helping people Keine, one day that will come back to hurt you again."

"Mokou, that was-"

"That man was a lunatic that only wanted you to serve him."

"But this one isn't dangerous."

"Isn't dangerous? He's carrying a damned sword and smells like blood! Didn't you think to ask about that?"

Silence fell once again. Patrick could feel footsteps heading back in the direction of the room, and a very aggravated looking Mokou opened the door.

"Stand up."

Patrick decided to comply immediately, and stood from the chair, picking the sword up off his lap. He went to move it to his side and instinctively reached for the handle to adjust his grip. Before he realized it, a hand shot out and came down on the end of the handle, and another one thrust out and struck him on the forehead hard, causing him to stagger backwards and loosen his grip on the sword in surprise. The sword was taken from him by a sharp yank, and almost immediately, he had a pair of hands on his shoulders thrusting him backwards as an angry Mokou nearly carried him across the room and pinned him to the wall.

"What was that about, huh? Trying to attack me?"

"No, I-"

"Where'd the blood come from? The sword? You some kind of murderer?"

"I was attacked, I-"

"I bet you were, carrying a sword like it was nothing."

"No, It was-"

"Why are you even walking around covered in blood? If you were attacked, shouldn't you have gone for help?"

Patrick had passed his limit of rational control. His fear was quickly giving away to frustration at constantly being cut off, and being unable to explain himself to an obviously agitated Mokou was getting on his nerves enough to reawaken what was left of his anger that hadn't entirely subsided yet. With a surge of adrenaline, he managed a little leverage, pushing himself away from the wall as Mokou applied more pressure to his shoulders. Using what little room he had, he snapped his head forward and struck Mokou square in the face with his forehead, causing her to step backwards, taking one hand off his shoulder to cover her face. He took this opportunity, and grabbed her one remaining arm by the wrist, turned his body while twisting her arm, and hooked his nearest arm over her elbow while maintaining his hold, somewhat similar to how the remembered an arm bar his dad taught him. Mokou bent with her arm, obviously not wanting to resist too much. Patrick's victory inspired some confidence until he remembered Mokou controlled fire, which made itself apparent the moment her captured arm burst into flames.

Patrick released her and stepped back, watching as Mokou flickered with flame. A trail of blood ran from her nose, and Patrick realized then that he had probably gotten even more blood on his shirt from that. Mokou's angry glare wreathed in flame was all it took for the rest of Patrick's confidence to flee in terror, as realizing he was outclassed and couldn't even beat Mokou in a video game. Before she attacked though, Keine appeared in the doorway.

"Mokou! What are you doing?"

Mokou turned towards Keine, who was briefly started by the blood on her face, but entered the room and squeezed past Mokou.

"Please Mokou, I won't let it happen again."

Mokou didn't say anything, just glared at Patrick when she wasn't looking at Keine. If Patrick hadn't been in a mild panic, he'd have probably appreciated how touchingly dramatic the scene looked as Mokou's flames died down. Once things calmed down somewhat, and Patrick's fear of death was temporarily postponed as it seemed Keine was able to diffuse the situation, Patrick noticed that Mokou, aside from being fairly tall, only looked like she was around 16, while Keine looked like she was in her mid twenties at most. Mokou also really did look like quite the reverse trap, particularly due to having a bloody face.

After a short trip to the bathroom to wash her face and with help from some medical supplies to plug her nose, Mokou returned with Keine, and explanations were made, even though Keine had to return to the classroom for some time to calm down the students who had gotten riled from the commotion.

"I see, so you stole the sword from Kourindou, and used it to fight off a youkai that attacked you. Guess I jumped the gun a little thinking you were some madman slasher."

"Eh, I don't blame you. I think people on the outskirts thought the same thing when they saw me."

Mokou gave a smug smirk. Actually getting a chance to see Mokou in person was pretty impressive, she looked every bit of a badass she was portrayed in doujin, and if not for her feminine voice, it would be quite easy for her to pass as a trap.

"Listen though, Patrick. Keine's the only good friend I've had in a long time, and she's had some pretty bad people take advantage of her kindness towards humans in the past. I could never convince her to give up her teaching, but if I could, I would have her live in the bamboo with me where I could be sure she was safe from her own naivety sometimes."

Patrick couldn't think of anything fitting to say, so he simply remained silent. Mokou looked him over again, and he got the feeling of being appraised.

"Keine's giving you a chance, and I'm letting her do it. I don't want you causing her trouble, or you'll make a very angry, eternal enemy out of me. You don't want to make enemies with someone you can't kill."

Now that it had been brought up, Patrick felt a strong desire to find out more about the subject of immortality, and Mokou's powers in general.

"So, you can't ever be killed? There's nothing that could ever permanently destroy you?"

Mokou's expression changed slightly, as if she was pondering why Patrick would ask something like that.

"Just curious, this whole immortality thing is a bit new to me and all."

"... Well... Maybe if some Onmyouji were able to perform a high level purification spell, he would probably banish the Phoenix and dispel the spiritual immortality. I'd probably end up imploding or something." she said with a smirk.

"Well, would that actually work?"

"Pfft, probably not. Anyone that tried would likely serve a painful, burning death before they managed to get close enough to land a seal that might not even work in the first place."

Mokou gave a slight chuckle, as if she found the idea of burning someone to death entertaining, but Patrick simply assumed she was probably picturing Kaguya in such a situation. Keine returned shortly afterwards.

"Sorry Patrick, but I've got to actually teach my class now," Keine said, reaching into a pocket at the side of her dress and pulling out a handful of coins, offering them to Patrick. "Get some food in the town and come back here in a few hours."

"I'll go with him, show him around a bit."

Keine looked at Mokou as if she was genuinely surprised at her friend's sudden hospitality. Patrick did a bit of the same thing, but figured she probably wanted to keep an eye on him to make sure he wasn't up to anything devious.

"Okay then, I'll be back around later Keine."

Keine smiled and nodded.

"Alright, see you later Patrick. You can leave your stuff here, it would help you prevent any more attacks if you didn't walk around with a weapon."

Keine left the room, followed by Patrick. Mokou followed behind him, closing the door. Patrick watched Keine up ahead as she walked through a door into a noisy classroom. As Patrick and Mokou passed, he could see a few kids in the class trying to take a peek out the window, but were quickly reprimanded by Keine.

"Looks like a tough teacher."

"You should see the lessons I help with."

Patrick looked back at Mokou over his shoulder. He was a bit surprised that she'd help out in a school at all, let alone help teach. They quickly reached the end of the hall, and stepped through the doors into the outside. It had been about an hour or so at least, and there were more signs of people up and moving around. Though Patrick stopped in the door, Mokou kept on walking ahead. After a few feet, she stopped and turned back to Patrick, a quizzical look on her face.

"You coming or not?"

Patrick snapped back to reality, and took a few steps away from the door.

"Yeah, I just have no idea where to go."

Mokou gave a small smile.

"I know a great yakitori stand you might like."

Patrick felt a little awkward walking through town with Mokou. Partially because of the silence between them, but also because of the odd looks several people gave them. More towards Mokou than him, but he was still getting the odd glance as well. It hadn't crossed his mind that he had several bloodstains on his shirt, and that's probably what caused the most reaction towards him. Since he had seen the town from the hill, more people had started to come out, and parts of the streets already looked fairly busy, with various shops opening their doors and windows, and a few stalls being opened by their owners. One thing Patrick noticed however, was the bizarre mix of apparent technology levels. Some buildings were made primarily of wood, with wooden shutters, paper screen doors and had a general old fashioned Japanese feel to them, while other buildings were built from stone and brick and had glass windows.

"This place is a lot different then I imagined it." Patrick said aloud, as if Mokou would have some kind of explanation.

"Hmm, what were you expecting?" Well, she had him there, he thought. He never really expected anything really, having no real knowledge of what a Meiji era town would look like. "I don't know much about the outside world anymore, but these stone houses are a lot more common now, same with some of the houses in the richer parts of the town. I don't exactly follow the business of humans in this town, but from what I overheard from Keine, there was some big commotion over an engineer from the outside world who knew how to make an electric generator. Sure enough, he became high society instantly after it's completion, and electric power is common for the rich, even if they don't necessarily have the means to use it."

Mokou stops with a sigh, sweeping back some of her hair from her face.

"Anything for luxury I suppose."

"Doesn't anyone else want electricity?"

Mokou snorted.

"People have better common sense when their head isn't stuffed with cotton. Everyone else realizes they don't need electricity if they don't have anything to use it with. It's more of a bragging right for the elite."

"Makes sense, I guess."

"Besides, who needs electric power when you have fire power?"

At this point, small embers began to float off of Mokou for a few seconds before dissipating. A few nearby women walking the street began gossiping about the sight, quite obviously, in an almost exaggerated hand-over-mouth 'EEEH MAJI' sort of way. Patrick had a bit of a hard time taking it seriously, wondering if this kind of over-the-top way of acting was going to be a common theme among the common populace.

The two of them walked in silence once again, rounding corners and taking shortcuts through alleyways when available, the smell of smoke coming ever closer, until they reached a large plaza lined with shops and stalls. Here, the smell was at it's strongest, and he realized why once he saw the number of open air food stalls being opened, their owners lighting up their grills to prepare for a day of business.

"This is a lot of food stands," Patrick said, looking around at the stalls. Various yakiniku and yakitori stalls, a few ramen and soba shops, and even a place with 'Burger' written on it like a title. "This is something else."

"Yeah, there's not much business in the mornings, but you'd probably be surprised to know that it's nearly impossible to get a meal here come mid day. Almost everyone comes here to eat, even youkai and other folks that live around the area. Even that silver dog comes here for a meal every once in a while," Mokou said, heading towards a stall in the far corner from where they entered the area. "The stall I'm looking for is over here."

Patrick watched Mokou walk up to the stand and step inside, and he followed suit. As he did, he immediately noticed the man behind the counter, a tall, thin looking man with short, fire red hair and grey and brown dog-like ears. It only took a few seconds before it clicked and Patrick began to feel very uneasy.

"This a friend of yours Mokou?"

Mokou waved her hand in a dismissive manner.

"Nah, he's Keine's latest pet, so I'm showing him around so she doesn't have to do it later."

The two of them chuckled at Patrick's expense as he stood there sweating bullets. The man looked him over, and Patrick knew immediately that he was looking at the blood stains.

"Why's he all bloodied up?"

"Youkai troubles, and a small misunderstanding with Mokou." Patrick said, cutting off Mokou before she could reply. The man fixed his gaze on him.

"Youkai troubles you say? Funny you should say that," he said, a small grin crossing his face. "I've heard some stories from a particular girl of mine about some human troubles, some guy going around with delusions of being a youkai hunter who attacked her with a sword."

Patrick was sure his heart had stopped just then, he was suddenly all too aware that he was potentially surrounded by youkai, and totally unarmed. Panic alarms were raging in the depths of his mind telling him to run away, but his legs wouldn't follow.

"I- uh... I'm..."

"If you ask me though," the man cut in, "she needed it. Always playing at dreams of power and thinking herself some big, strong youkai when she's only still a pup. Sure, she was angry she got hurt, but I think she's starting to realize that if she wants to play hard, she's going to get treated hard, and a fairly serious wound was probably what it would take to calm her down a bit."

His panic came to a grinding halt. For a moment, Patrick felt that he was just being tricked in some way, but considered that is he was actually in danger, he would very likely be dead already. One thing nagged at him though, the man's choice of words.

"Wait, what did you mean by 'one of your girls'?"

The man looked confused, as if he hadn't understood the question entirely.

"She's one of my daughters."

"So, she's..."

"Domesticated and house broken, indeed."

Patrick couldn't help but laugh. It was a mixture of disbelief and genuine amusement. Disbelief that he had been so endangered by a 'domestic' youkai animal and that he would likely have been destroyed had she actually been 'wild'. The amusement came from a mental image of the girl in a dog collar and sleeping in a dog house.

"Anyway, what'll you be having today?"

"I'll have some negima." Mokou replied, leaving Patrick momentarily surprised until he remembered that negima is actually food and not just a manga series. The wolf turned his attention to Patrick, who was all too suddenly aware he had no idea what was on the menu, or what to order.

"He'll have the same thing." Mokou said, having noticed Patrick's dilemma. The man nodded and went about preparing the skewers, and he left the stand to go get something.

"A youkai running a stand in a human village, huh?" Patrick said as the man left the stall. "Is that common?"

"Pretty much, actually. People call this a human village, but it's more like a village for people with human-like tendencies. Humans and youkai can live here if they want a peaceful kind of life, or they can live in the wilds if they'd prefer, or are otherwise a hassle to the people, like a particular black-white witch."

"Guess that makes sense."

"Yeah, Keiji is a pretty good guy, and well respected around here."

"Keiji?"

Mokou chuckled.

"I completely forgot introductions. The guy running this stand is Keiji Mitsumine, though I and a few other people call him Fujiwara no Keiji due to a drunken claim he made about raising one of the later descendants of my old family."

"That's not just a drunken claim, you know," Keiji said, stepping back into the stall, skewers in hand as he went about setting them on the grill. "Just because I was drunk doesn't mean it didn't happen."

"Not that it particularly matters anyway, I cut ties with that family long ago. Rightfully so as well, since they ended up getting themselves destroyed."

There was a brief silence, broken only by the sound of meat frying on the grill.

"So, can I get you anything to drink?" Keiji asked.

"Sake." Mokou replied instantly, even though it was likely not even 9 am yet. Keiji turned to Patrick, waiting for him to pipe up.

"Uh, water? I don't really drink."

"Fair enough."

Keiji knelt behind the counter and soon produced a large jug of water and a smaller, white porcelain-looking bottle, as well as an average sized cup and a smaller cup that looked like the same porcelain material as the small bottle. He placed the jug and cup on the counter, as he placed the smaller cup in front of Mokou and proceeded to fill it. In turn, he did the same with the water.

"So, kid, you never told me your name," Keiji said as Patrick took a sip of the water. Apparently there was some kind of cooler behind the counter, since the water was actually pretty cold.

"My name's Patrick Miller, I'm an outsider. Mokou already told me your name, as Im sure you know."

"Yeah, I caught that," he said, casting a glance at Mokou. "I'm telling you though, I really did help raise that Hidehira kid."

"Well, I don't really know what you're talking about. I haven't exactly studied the history of Japan. To tell you the truth, I thought the whole 'Fujiwara no' thing was just made up until I actually looked into it and found out it was actually a historical family in Japan. Beyond that though, I don't really know anything."

Keiji seemed a bit disappointed, while Mokou seemed indifferent. She probably didn't exactly care for having her family history discussed, and Patrick decided to drop it. No one said anything for a few seconds until Mokou started up another conversation with Keiji, talking about things happening around the village, how some people are doing, and various other things Patrick didn't really follow. After a short while, the negima skewers were taken from the grill, and a few small bowls of some kind of sauce were taken from behind the counter and placed onto a tray.

"Food's up."

Mokou grabbed a skewer and began to eat, and Patrick joined in soon afterwards. It really wasn't that different from a shish-kebab, and the sauce that came with it was pretty good as well. Despite being just chicken and green onion, it was surprisingly filling. What as probably more surprising though, was Mokou's eating. Clearly a veteran of eating, she had downed seven of the ten skewers made before he had started his second, and had already placed another order for ten more. Patrick briefly wondered if she always ate like that and if she did, how she wasn't overweight. Yuyuko would have the excuse of being dead, but Mokou was still mostly a human. He dismissed the thought though, since she could probably literally melt away fat, and that life and death battles with Kaguya was probably good exercise.

There was a flash of movement out of the corner of Patrick's eye, and before he could see what it was, it had vanished. He had thought nothing of it, until a brown and black cat suddenly appeared on the counter when Keiji's back was turned and began to pick at some raw bird parts on the chef's side of the counter. It had happened so quickly, that Patrick and Mokou hadn't the time to react, and Keiji didn't even notice until the cat had managed to pick up half a leg and drop it from the counter, by which point Patrick had called Keiji's attention. It was futile though, since by the time Keiji saw the cat himself, it had already taken the half-leg and started scurrying towards a nearby alley. That's when Patrick made two important realizations: the cat had two tails, and there was a small golden earring hanging from it's left ear.

"Oh, OH! I'll be right back, I have to catch that cat!" Patrick said suddenly, darting from the stall, leaving a confused Mokou and an angry Keiji behind. The cat vanished into an alley shortly ahead of Patrick, who took the same route. He could see it up ahead, struggling to keep a fast pace as well as keep from losing the stolen prize. Thankfully the alley was fairly devoid of junk to get in the way, as Patrick chased the twin-tailed cat as it took corners and darted out into other streets and into other alleyways. Despite his best efforts, Patrick really wasn't much of a match for a cat, especially not a youkai cat, in terms of speed. Just as it crossed another street and darted into an alley once more, Patrick stopped his chase just inside the alley.

"Chen?" He called out loud as he stopped in his tracks.

The cat cornered once again and disappeared. Patrick leaned against a wall and tried to catch his breath. Maybe he was wrong, and earrings were a common fashion accessory for all nekomata. Patrick took a few more steps into the alley, a slight feeling that he should try seeing if he could chase it again, when a brown head poked itself around the corner. He froze again, and then started slowly making his way towards the corner, keeping his hands low and open at his sides as an attempt to gesture he meant no harm.

"How do you know my name?"

Patrick nearly jumped out of his skin. He wasn't wrong apparently, but hearing a cat talk threw him for a bit of a loop.

"That's not important right now, but I need to talk to you."

Chen disappeared again, and Patrick ran up to the corner, prepared to chase her again. Instead, he found her in her human form, sitting on top of a high wall a few feet in, idly wiping dirt off the half-leg she was now holding in her hand.

"What was it you wanted to talk about?" Chen asked, sniffing at the leg.

"I need to meet Yukari, she's probably the only person in Gensokyo that can send me back to the outside."

Chen seemed to be paying attention to the leg in her hands more than Patrick, turning it over and inspecting it. A flame appeared in her hand and she held the leg over it.

"Not a chance. You're a weird man covered in blood, and Ran told me not to get involved with bad men."

Patrick made a mental note to himself to get a new shirt at some point in the near future, as it would likely continue to work against his best interests to parade around with a collection of bloodstains.

"These are just a misunderstanding, I'm not a bad guy."

Chen continued to flame broil the leg in her hand as she looked down at Patrick. It was absurd to him how a girl who looked no older than 13 could look so intimidating, though he chalked it up to the fact that one of her hands was currently on fire, chicken or no chicken.

"I don't think I should trust you."

Patrick started to get frustrated that his only chance so far to get home is about ready to hop off a wall and disappear on him, and he didn't know when his next chance would come. He decided to put his only skill that meant anything to use: knowledge.

"Fine then. It's okay if you don't trust me. I do know, however, that you occasionally come to the village to play with the other cats even when Yukari and Ran wouldn't want you to. I also know that Ran occasionally comes by as well to do errands. All I need to do is present her with some fried tofu when I see her and she's sure to hear me out. That's when I'll tell her about your mischief here in town."

Chen nearly fell off the wall in surprise. That was it, he could see it in her eyes, he really hit a weak spot. If there was anything he knew about Chen, it was that she had a child's intellect, and like most children, they fear and hate punishment.

"No, no, I'm sorry, okay!" she said, dousing the fire and jumping down off the wall. "Please don't tell Ran, Yukari will get mad at her if she finds out that she doesn't keep a close eye on me, and Ran will be mad. I-" she stopped, looking at the half cooked half-leg in her hand. "I'm being bad, even though Ran tries so hard to be good. I need to be a good shi- uh... shini- No, shikigami. A good shikigami, and make Ran proud."

She turned her eyes to the ground, a sad look on her face.

"I'll bring this back. I shouldn't be stealing, I should save money for treats when I want them. That's what Ran does." she said, turning the leg over in her hands. "Will you forgive me?"

"The theft isn't my problem, you should apologize to the stall owner when you go back. If I get back before you, I could see if he'll be easy on you. Though..." Patrick trailed off. Chen waited a few seconds for him to continue.

"What's wrong?"

"I don't know how to get back there..."

Chen giggled.

"Okay then Mr. Badguy, I'll start being a good shikigami by leading the lost boy back!"

Patrick accepted, despite his annoyance at being called a boy by a girl who was clearly younger than him by physical appearance, but could easily turn him into a smear with little effort.

Several minutes later, Patrick and Chen had returned to the stall, where Mokou was still sitting and, apparently, eating. Keiji came out from the stand and approached the two.

"So, this is the youkai cat, eh? You know how many times I've caught her stealing?"

Before he could continue, Chen held up the leg as she offered it back.

"I'm sorry Mr. Dog, I shouldn't be stealing."

"Do-" Keiji's voice caught in his throat. Patrick made the all-too-late association of a cat and dog, and suddenly found huge irony in the situation, and began laughing. He composed himself when he saw Keiji looking at him, however.

"I hope you can forgive her. She knows what she did is wrong and she knows that I can tell her master about what she's been doing. She promised not to steal anymore, and she'll save money for next time she wants something." Patrick said, hoping to ease some of the tension and get Chen off the hook. Keiji looked at him, then to Chen, then sighed and reclaimed the leg.

"There's not much I can do about it if she's sorry. Her thefts to date aren't really all that costly and doesn't really hurt my business much either, so I'm no going to ask for repayment either. Just be sure to become a good, regular customer in the future, alright?"

Chen looked relieved, and simply nodded.

"Looks like this leg was partially cooked already. I might as well finish the job for you then. Come on in." Keiji said, which was quickly and eagerly responded to by Chen bouncing her way into the stall. Patrick could easily see the truth in all the fan portrayals of Ran now and her nosebleeds for Chen. He entered the stall as well, and immediately noticed somewhere around 30 used skewers sitting on a separate tray on the counter in front of Mokou, who was nursing another cup of sake. There were a few skewers of negima left over as well, which he found were left for him.

After Patrick finished eating, Mokou pulled a bill from her pocket and placed it on the counter where it was quickly claimed by Keiji. It had only been around forty-five minutes since they first arrived, but the plaza was already getting busy with people. Mokou left the stall, and almost immediately, someone else came in and placed an order. Patrick skirted the customer and approached Chen.

"So, if it's not too much trouble now, you think I could meet Yukari?"

Chen seemed lost in thought for a moment.

"Hmm, I couldn't help you there. Yukari's always sleeping and the only person that sees her is Ran."

"I see, what about Ran?"

"Ran's been busy lately too, so she hasn't been home much."

"Damn..." Patrick stopped to think for a moment, wondering if there was an alternative. He briefly considered just leaving and waiting for Chen to go home, then following her, but given that she could fly and he couldn't, that plan was scrapped very quickly. "Could you ask Ran the next time you do see her to come to the human village? Tell her there's someone staying with the history teacher Keine that wants to meet Yukari. If she refuses, tell her that I'll pay her in fried tofu."

Chen nodded.

"If you promise not to tell Ran and keep our secret, I'll help you, Mr. Badguy."

"Ah, by the way, my name is Patrick, so you can call me that if you want."

Chen's eyes wandered back to the bloodstains on his shirt.

"Hmm. Nope."

"Fair enough, then."

Patrick left the stall behind and caught up to Mokou, who hadn't even stopped to wait for him.

"You get what you wanted out of that cat?" she asked.

"Yeah, or, well, somewhat at least. Still have to go through yet another person to get to Yukari."

Mokou gave an amused snort.

"Her, eh? What do you want to meet her for? She's a pain in the ass."

"Well, for one, she can send me back home."

Mokou didn't reply for a while.

"It's not too bad here you know. You get used to it after a while."

Now it was Patrick's turn to snort amusedly.

"Maybe for people that can throw fire, but right now I'm walking through an unfamiliar Japanese style village with faint Meiji trappings with a woman who has been alive for more than twelve-hundred years, surrounded by people that are either normal humans, normal humans with special powers, or animal humanoids with special powers, and all I can put between me and the world that will have any effect is a sword that just barely has any effect," he said, taking a slight pause. "If I were a trained swordsman, that'd be no problem, but I'm not. I'm a fairly average guy who used to lead a fairly average life before my world got flipped, turned upside down. Only difference is when this story is retold, it won't be about how I became a prince of Bel-Air, but rather a corpse, granted that anyone even retells my 'story' in the first place."

Once again, Mokou was silent. After a few steps Mokou stopped and turned around, looking Patrick directly in the eyes.

"Guess I owe you an apology then. I was absolutely convinced you were some weirdo and you were nothing but trouble. That's why I offered to show you around, to see if you did anything weird or suspicious. I've been separated from normal people so long I guess I forgot that there are some good people around." she said, with a smile. "Guess I don't have to worry about you hurting Keine most of all either, which is a good thing for you, because I'd have broken every bone in your body before I boiled you from the inside out if you did."

Patrick had a little trouble responding to that, as it was a little difficult to do so with the mental image of that in his mind.

"I wouldn't dream of hurting Keine, not when she's going to be putting me up for a while."

Mokou simply nodded, but didn't say anything. She turned around again and started walking off.

"There's more things I want to show you and we're burning daylight, so come on."

Patrick started walking with her again, continuing the guided tour of the town.

He had found himself in deep trouble. How he had managed to get himself surrounded, he'll never known, but the fact of the matter was that he was now looking up at a circle of hungry youkai. They're eyes shining in the darkness around him, watching his movements. He reached for the sword hanging at his side, drawing the blade quickly from the sheath and assuming a stance. His heart felt like it was banging against his ribcage, and even though his instincts told him to run he knew that if he did he would only be caught and eaten slowly instead of torn to pieces on the spot.

There was a rustle behind him, and he reacted by turned quickly using his heel as a pivot, and slashed his blade in the direction of the sound. He met a moments resistance, and was greeted by a shrill cry of pain as he caught sight of the source, a youkai girl who had just been cut through the chest. She staggered weakly back and stumbled against a tree. Murmurs flooded the area as the youkai in the trees began to move, shifting their stances, moving along the branches. Another rustle, beside him. A turn and a slash and blade parts bone, sending a stray arm to the forest floor. Another rustle, another cut. Two rustles, a wide swipe. A set of talons scored his back, and he grimaced through the pain, a red crack forming at the corner of his mouth. With a half turn and a swipe, he dispatches his attacker and turns back to deal with more aggressors.

With each slash, each stab, each cut, more cracks appear, and more cracks widen. The cracked flesh falls away in bloody chunks, dissipating into dust on contact with the foliage underfoot. As the pieces fall away, a new face slowly replaces a first. More angular, thinner than his normal face, a man with a scar on his cheek. As he lands his final blow, striking down the final attacker, the last of his face falls away taking his eyes with it. He's left with the face of another man, a man with a cold stare. A man who had killed an army of youkai on impulse, and lived an equally violent life among humans. He gives the sword a flick to remove the blood and slides it back into the sheath. A sudden impact from the back rouses Patrick from his dream.

A dream. Patrick opened his eyes groggily.

"What the hell..." he muttered to himself, fighting with both a headache and now a sore back. It was a dream, but it was still a pretty messed up dream. He chalked it up to the alcohol. What had started as a sort of guided tour of the town ended up with him and Mokou playing odd drinking games in a local bar. He could only faintly remember other details, but at some point Mokou obviously brought him back here, but where 'here' was he couldn't remember.

Fumbling around in the dark for a few minutes, Patrick found a section of wall that moved and slid it aside. He stepped through and slid the door closed behind him. He took a step forward and kicked a wall. It took him a few seconds to realize what this meant, and slid the door behind him open once more and stepped out of the closet. Well, good thing it was dark and there was no one else in the room, he didn't feel like quite such an idiot. He found another door and opened it. This time he could see another room, dimly lit from the outside by a window. Stepping through the door, he took a few steps into the room and looked around. It was still pretty dark, but from what he could see, it was some sort of living room. There was a low table in the center of the room, and a few alcoves along the walls where he could make out the outlines of various decorative items. Vases and the like.

His head throbbed, reminding him of his headache. If he wanted to find out where he was, he should probably do it in the morning when there's more light. He turned around and headed back to the open door when he spotted a door next to his. Out of curiosity, he slid it open a crack. It was another bedroom, and he could make out a bed and someone sleeping. So he wasn't in some abandoned house at least, whoever house he is in probably knows he's here too. At least, he hoped so as he slid the door closed again and walked back into his room. He fell back to sleep again quickly, but didn't have another strange dream.

The next time he opened his eyes, everything was brighter and his headache had faded some. He first noticed the door to the closet, still open. At least he had enough sense to close the door to the room behind him. He left the bed and opened the door, where he was greeted by the sight of Keine sitting at the low table with a sheaf of papers and a cup of tea. The sound of the door caught her attention.

"Ah, good morning Patrick," she said with a smile. "Did you sleep well?"

"Well enough, considering I fell out of bed in the middle of the night." Patrick replied with a grumble. He decided to leave out the part about his dream. Keine responded with a giggle.

"So, I take it you enjoyed sightseeing with Mokou yesterday? Considering you could barely stand by the time you two came back."

Patrick scratched his head. Now that he thought about it, he couldn't remember much about the day. He could remember having lunch, and something about a school. Aside from that and some random memories of the bar, there wasn't too much else he could recall. Not that he would care to remember, since if he could he'd probably realize he'd made an ass of himself.

"I only remember a few things now, everything else is still hazy." Patrick said. Seemed that having distant memories and hazy mental images was becoming something of a recurring theme he would be dealing with.

"Well, there's some tea if you'd like some," Keine said, gesturing towards a door opposite the bedrooms. "You can help yourself to anything here within reason, as long as you're a guest."

"Well, thanks." Patrick said, crossing the room and passing through the mentioned door, finding himself in a kitchen. It had a very western looking design as opposed to the eastern design of the rest of the house so far. A teapot sat on a counter, and a small tray of bread sat nearby. Taking Keine's advice, he helped himself to some bread as well, and faintly remembered doing much of the same back when he was at Kourindou. He poured himself a cup of tea as well when he heard a knocking sound. Sounded like it came from further into the house, away from the room Keine was in. The knocking sound came again. He wondered if Keine could hear it, and idly walked in the direction it was coming from. Another knock, and Patrick deduced it was coming from a door that appeared to lead outside. He slid the door open, and was greeted by a flame haired young girl with a grey button up vest, her shoulder wrapped in bandages. Her red eyes changed from surprise to anger in the span of a second.

"Oh shi-"

"You!" she shouted, baring her fangs at him. Patrick took a few steps back before the girl pounced him, tackling him to the floor by the collar of his shirt. "Of all the places for you to turn up, why-"

She was interrupted by a flash of light, and leapt off Patrick just in time for a coloured bolt of light to sail just inches from his face.

"That's enough Tsukiko," Keine said from somewhere out of sight. The girl landed next to Patrick, facing towards Keine. Patrick craned his neck to see Keine. "What do you think you're doing attacking my guests?"

"Guest?" the girl, apparently named Tsukiko, replied. "This guys just scum. Look what he did to me!" she said, indicating the bandages on her shoulder. Keine simply scoffed.

"Maybe if you weren't always causing trouble for people you wouldn't get hurt," Keine said, rather directly. "It was only a matter of time before people got tired of your games."

Neither of them said anything else for a few seconds. Tsukiko was visibly annoyed by the situation, but seemed to suck it up as she pulled a folded paper from he pocket. Patrick started to get up off the floor when the wolf girl looked down at him with burning eyes. Maybe just a few more seconds was okay.

"I came to drop off my history homework for the other day," Tsukiko said, walking towards Keine. Patrick took this moment to sit up and get to his feet. "I'm getting sick of your headbutts."

Keine smiled at the girl, then reached out a hand like she was going to ruffle her hair. Instead, she gave her a swift headbutt anyway.

"Oooww~! Jeez. What was that for!?" Tsukiko whined.

"I appreciate your efforts, but you're still late. This was due in yesterday." Keine said, smiling at the girl. Patrick wondered how common it was for teachers to headbutt students anyway, or why Tsukiko didn't do anything about it. Tsukiko turned away from Keine. Patrick could see a red mark on her forehead where Keine collided skulls, and her eyes looked like they were watering somewhat. She noticed Patrick looking at her an started turning red, storming towards the door.

"Outta my way, stupid human!" Tsukiko said, pushing her way past Patrick as she walked out the door and slid is shut hard behind her.

"What a problem child," Patrick said, looking towards Keine, who simply sighed. "She always like this?"

"Yes," she replied, looking at the sheet of paper in her hand. "She comes from a large family of wolf youkai. They're a pretty popular family around town, with the father running a food stand and the mother is a seamstress, the kids of the family earn the most attention for the family with their work around town doing odd jobs or hunting. Tsukiko though, she's the only one that's still wild at heart."

"She sure seems to believe herself some kind of powerful being." Patrick said, recalling the few times in the past he's encountered her. Keine responds with a nod.

"She's a youkai, so it's a bit natural for her to have power, but she goes overboard with it. She's the youngest child of the family and she's grown up on folktales of dangerous youkai. She's almost as bad as that ice fairy that claims herself to be the strongest in Gensokyo."

Patrick smirks at that idea, Tsukiko and Cirno having duels with each other. He briefly considers trying to find out if Tsukiko has an equivalent of Icicle Fall -Easy-, but dismisses that idea when the idea of failing at danmaku when it's a genuine threat dawns on him. On that thought however, he realizes he should probably find some kind of time to learn more about the way various things work, from flying to actually creating danmaku.

"I need to get going now," Keine said, looking out the window. "School will be starting soon and I have to be in my class. You're welcome to stay here if you like, I'll be home by the afternoon." she said, heading back into the room she came from. A few moments later she stepped out with a large bag and strode past Patrick to the door.

"Have a good day." she said, stepping through the still open door and closing it. Once he was alone, Patrick realized all to suddenly that he didn't have anything to do, and had no idea what there was to do in the first place. He cursed to himself at this realization, since he'd always run into someone or inadvertantly found something to do. Now though, he's alone and has nothing to do. His mind turns to his bag, and he considers spending some time playing one of his portables, but decides against it, having no way to charge them if they should die on him.

Patrick walks back to the kitchen, where his cup of tea has gone from hot to warm, and picked it up. He wandered around the house aimlessly, drinking tea and looking at things. After a few minutes, he found a book case filled with an assortment of history books. He noticed as he looked at the titles printed on the spines, despite being written in Japanese, the text would transform itself into English. He remembered mention of Yukari's borderhax on language and understanding, but he never really saw how much it applied to even writing.

After a few minutes of enjoying the optical tricks of transforming text, Patrick spotted a book about Meiji Japan and decided that it was as good a place to start as any. One book turned into two, then three. It wasn't until he had moved onto the sixth book that he realized all these books had been written by Keine herself, and that some of the books detailing distant past were writtenw ith very specific details. He couldn't help but wonder if these books were written by Keine using direct historical stories from Mokou. After all, she would have been alive during many of the time periods found in the books. That made some interesting questions pop into Patricks mind, however.

Keine's power is the ability to influence history, either hiding or outright changing it. Keine could read Patrick's history at will though, so the need to use someone to recite history to her in order to write a book wouldn't make sense unless her knowledge of history was imperfect. On the other hand, he couldn't outright deny that having someone that actually lived through those times would be an invaluable tool to writing on the subject. It wouldn't be unusual for the books to be written for a general audience either, instead of books written specifically for people interested in history.

Patrick found himself back at the bookshelf, with all the previous books. The ones he was pulling were all from the same shelf, and most of the others were written by other people, though he noticed quite a few books written by Akyu, and previous incarnations. That's right, there was another person that was dedicated to recording history and events, which made Keine's apparently choice to record Mokou's version of history even more bizarre. Unless, of course, she was writing the books out of personal adoration for Mokou.

Patrick's train of thought was interrupted though by another knocking at the door. He briefly considers not answering it and continuing with reading the books, but then again it could be something important for Keine. As long as he's going to be here, he should at least try to be useful. He sets the books back onto the shelf and heads over to the door, sliding it open. The first thing he sees is a mass of tails. The Ran they're connected do doesn't register for a few seconds until Chen pokes her head out from a fluffy mass.

"Here he is Ran! I told you he was here!" Chen said happily, wrapping her arms around one of the tails.

"Chen tells me you want to meet with Yukari so you can leave Gensokyo?"

Patrick was stunned for a second. Well, it was true, but with the opportunity to go all of a sudden, he felt a bit bad about it. Still, he had a chance to go home.

"Uh, yeah, yeah, one second." he said, returning to the house to scrounge around for his bag. He figured Keine probably brought it back with her, and she did. He found it stuck inside a closet, along with the sword. For a moment, he considered leaving the sword behind, but since it would likely be a very pricely historical objec ton the outside, he took it anyway. He can go home and make money off his trip. Patrick returned outside, where Ran eyed the sword and the now faded bloodstains on Patrick's shirt, but said nothing. Patrick slid the door shut behind him.

"Okay, I'm ready." he said. Ran nods.

"Then follow me." she replies, and proceeds to float into the air effortlessly. Patrick took a step forward, and then no one moved for a few seconds.

"Well?" Ran said impatiently.

"Uh, what? Aren't you going to lead me?" Patrick asked, confused. Ran blinked, then sighed.

"You can't fly, can you?" she asked.

"No, but is it that important?"

Ran shook her head and took on a disappointed look.

"You can't reach where we're going on foot. The only way is by air."

Patrick looked down at the ground for a moment to think, then back up at Ran.

"Well, can't you carry me?"

Ran responded with laughter, matched by Chen.

"Carry you!? Who do the hell do you think I am!? Either you fly, or you're out of luck."

Patrick cursed his luck. He would have to fly to earn his chance to go home, but he had no idea where to start. All he knew was that he would have to believe enough that he wanted to fly, but that couldn't be the whole trick. Still, he had to take a shot. He closed his eyes, trying to clear his mind. He pictured himself floating off the ground and into the air, as if it was the most natural thing ever. He focused on the actual lift off itself, simply leaving the ground under a natural force of will. For a moment, he felt a flicker of wind and opened his eyes just in time for the breeze to die down. Damn it.

"If you can't fly, then I can't help you." Ran said, floating farther away. Patrick wanted to protest this, but knew it was useless. "Once you get the hang of it, you can try to get another message to me again and I'll see what we can do."

With that, Ran and Chen flew away with Patrick's chance out. He wandered back into the house, dropping his bag and sword next to the door. He had gotten a chance to leave, and had tried to take it, but he was denied because of his failure to get himself involved in this fantasy worlds rules. He had avoided getting too into it, because he knew that if he could fly and shoot lasers he wouldn't want to leave, but now it would seem he didn't have much of a choice, he would have to learn how to fly at the very least, which would bother him enough to attain something impossible that he would no doubt miss the second he leaves Gensokyo.

Once again, he considered practicing trying to fly, but brushed the idea off. He'd ask Keine later to try to help him out, but until then he still had to entertain himself. He walked back over the the bookshelf to find something else to read while he killed time, and noticed a book that seemed to be fiction rather than history. It occurred to him that a fiction story in a fictional world would be a little bizarre, but the historical books he read seemed to be accurate enough to reality in the first place.

Taking the fiction from the shelf, Patrick walked over to a rather large chair in the corner and sat down, opening the book.

"Unit one, what's your status?"

The line crackled with static, intermittent with bursts of sound and garbled voice. Occasionally the video link would pick up for one of the crafts, and the pilots, even though their respiratory masks, were clearly frightened.

"So-something- here -isplay dow- Need back-"

"Unit one! Damn it..."

He watched helplessly as the status monitors flickered. Several of the windows blanked out entirely as their attached statistics vanished, signifying a ship lost. He clenched his fist, anger boiling inside him at this unknown enemy attacking a scouting unit in friendly space. This would not go unpunished, though how he would get his revenge on an unnamed spectre in the endless void of space was something that hadn't crossed his mind.

That is, until a single ship managed to establish stable connection.

"Sir! Enemy fighters- -osing in. Lunar- -sign, being he- ed by a new model. Syste- -ywire, cann- t reco-"

The line went dead as the status window blinked out. A feeling of anger and hatred ran up his spine. Lunarians. His own people, and he knew who was behind this attack. The only one that could be behind the attack, their missing Princess.

"Kaguya."

- - -

Kaguya's eyes flickered open, the surrounding world hazy. Her hair floated around her, concealing and entangling the various tubes and cables attached to her otherwise naked body, which hung suspended in a tube of liquid. Around her, the control room of the ship blinked to life, lights appearing on the more distant consoles, then slowly multiplying as the systems came online.

"Enemy ships encountered, Princess. We wiped them out." A female voice reported, the sound filtered directly into Kaguya's brain.

"How many were there?" The princess replied subconsciously.

"About ten or so, I hadn't thought to count. They were lightly armed FA-1, probably scouts. The Ray handled perfectly, and the 'Inaba' Anti-Systems Weapon worked well, despite a slight catch in the release."

She didn't respond. Even through the haze of the liquid surrounding her, she could make out the displays of various statistics recorded from onboard computers from the returning fighters. It really had been an entirely one-sided battle, though she was concerned that attacking the scout party might have called more attention than it was worth, as all of the reports indicated that the unit wasn't headed towards the ship at all.

"Eirin?"

A nearby computer blinked to life at the word, the AI initializing from sleep mode.

"Yes, my Princess?"

"That scout unit wasn't a threat, was it?"

Even though the AI wasn't programmed to laugh, Kaguya had heard an echo of something that sounded something like it.

"I was merely curious as to the efficiency of the Inaba weapon. Records indicate that even at it's deployment at only 78.5982%, enemy ships were almost entirely locked out from even such basic systems as life support and Heads-Up Display."

The cold AI voice, though natural sounding in speech, possessed nothing of the kind of warmth of a person. She tried to suppress her feelings, knowing that anything she felt or thought could be read and interpreted by the ships systems. She silently issued commands to the systems to engage the engines and leave the sector, having revealed themselves through a needless battle.

"Eirin, how's my tank?"

"My Lady's HOURAI system is running at 100%. Condition Green. Air supply: Good. Nutrient supply: Regulated. Waste Management: Online. Fluid Temperature Normal. 'Elixir' stasis fluid showing signs of degradation. Initializing fluid cycling."

She felt the jets kick on softly as a new batch of stasis fluid was beginning to cycle in to replace the current. She could feel a slight vibration through the wires that she recognized as a sign the ship was moving again. She had long been exiled from the moon, but never had she attacked friendly scouts before, all for the sake of testing a new weapons system developed largely by the ship's AI itself. Part of her wondered if it was her decision to attack, or the AI's suggestion in her subconscious. She feared what it meant if it was the latter.

"Maintain systems, Eirin. Take us to the asteroid belt."

There was no response, but being connected to the system like she was, Kaguya could feel the flow of information as Eirin's AI took control. She closed her eyes, lost in the sea of muted sounds filtered through the liquid surrounding her. The faint buzz of the ship, the distant hum of the engines, and the occasional 'echo' of sound from the AI, a result of the occasional mishandling of data. She slowly drifted back to sleep. 

You are a young onmyouji, a practitioner of the Huziwara school, trained nearly from the womb to work your mystical arts against the various dangerous denizens of Gensokyo. Today is the day of your 18th birthday, and the celebration of your coming of age coincides with your final test in onmyoudo arts; a one on one challenge against your grandfather, the current Master of your 'dojo' of sorts, and a widely renowned expert in the art revered even by youkai who practice. The duel begins, and lasts for the better part of three hours before you manage a narrow victory by invoking a curse of sleep. The party following the event lasts well into the spring night.

You awake early the next morning, before anyone else, and head outside. Your house and dojo is located near the bamboo forest, and as such there is a light fog in the air at all times. Today's seems to be thicker than usual however, though is doesn't concern you, since you rather enjoy the fog. Wandering around the grounds, you seem the remnants of last nights celebrations, a myriad of sandal prints in the soft dirt and crushed grass from the blankets that had been laid out for seating around the charred remains of a fire pit. You notice something odd however, a set of footprints with a slight point near each of the toes, as if the person had claws of some sort. You feel a slight unease, wondering who or what could be in the area, or was in the area.

A sound from behind you catches your attention, and you turn quickly, ready to defend yourself. Your younger brother jumps slightly at your sudden movement and asks you what you're doing.

"Nothing," you say, covering your concern. "Just thought I'd take a bit of a walk."

Your brother nods, wiping at his eyes. He doesn't seem to notice the footprints, and soon enough he heads back into the house, leaving you alone once again. You turn back to the footprints and decide to investigate more, tracking them right to where they emerge from the bamboo forest. It is as you thought, though you also noticed that the footprints themselves were partially obscured by other, different prints, leading you to believe that whoever they belonged to had come during the party last night, and was probably no longer in the area. Human or youkai, you were sure whatever it was that came out of the forest last night would know better than to do anything stupid. Your curiosity sated, but your concern lingering, you head back to the house to find everyone else beginning to wake up for the new day. Your concerns fade away for the time being, as you get ready to begin your daily chores and do your morning exercises and training.

You find yourself unfocused however, and making minor mistakes you haven't made since you were ten, much to the amusement of a few other students in the area. You chalk it up to the slight hangover from the night before, but you know the real reason: the footprints. You feel a tinge of worry biting at you as your mind floods with questions constantly, why would a youkai come out among onmyouji? What were they after? Where did they go afterwards? Will they come again? The day drags on, and the questions grow and multiply. You are surprised several times as the day goes on, snapping back to attention when someone addresses you, realizing you were zoning out. As the sun sets, you steel your resolve. You're going to track down the owner of those footprints and get your answers. You prepare some talismans and charms that night, your newfound focus clearing your mind of troubles and allowing you to complete the work without distractions or error. That night, you sleep soundly, all your questions and worries will be answered tomorrow.

Tomorrow comes soon, and you wake up several minutes before daybreak. You change from your casual wear into your onmyoudo robes, slipping several packets of amulets and talismans into the pockets. You silently creep from the house and turn towards the forest, the fog today just as thick as the day before. You take a few steps from the house, looking for any signs of the tracks when your heart jumps in your chest. You see the tracks, but they're fresh. Your mind is alight with questions again, and you find yourself turning to follow them to where they were going rather than where they came from, and after several minutes of trailing footprints as they vanish into grass, you come to a point where they turn back into themselves and realize that whoever it was had stopped outside the room you were in last night when you were preparing your talismans. You're following the footprints back around the house before you even realize it, a burning conviction to find the person that had left these tracks, a personal fire raging in your mind. Whoever left them was looking at you, and anyone slinking around in the night and spying on people likely has malicious intent. You disappear into the bamboo forest.

Minutes turn into hours, and you're still following the sporadic trail of footprints through the forest. Even as the day approaches evening, you're dead set on the tracks and will continue even through the night if need be. The fog continues to thicken as you follow the prints, and the world begins to darken. You can feel your heart in your chest hammering away as the thought of losing the trail in the dark fog eats at your mind.

That's when you see a faint light shimmering in the distance. The faint traces of sunlight remaining in the world reveal the prints leading towards the light. With new speed, you run full tilt towards the light and come up to a large, exquisite looking mansion built in a clearing. Upon inspection, you can see the footprints lead right up to the house. You've found it, this was where you would face whoever it was that was stalking your property at night. Before you can retrieve a talisman and prepare yourself, you hear some voices from within and the rhythmic pounding of running footsteps.

"Come back here Tewi!"

"No way, you totally left yourself open!"

A sliding door flew open, and moments later, you were bowled over.

Your head is swimming from the impacts of both person and ground, though you feel someone moving around. A few seconds later, a young but attractive dark haired girl is looking down at you. You don't notice the rabbit ears until a few seconds later.

"I think he's dead."

She kneels down next to you, her red eyes somewhat unsettling, but holding no malice. She seems as if she's assessing you for a few seconds before you notice she's looking into your eyes.

"You in there?" she asks, not sounding overly concerned. You manage to pull yourself up, sitting on the ground. The world still feels like it's spinning, and your head is throbbing in pain, but you otherwise feel fine. You turn to her to apologize for being in her way when you catch a glimpse of her feet. Barefoot, with small claw like nails.

"You!" you say, fumbling towards your pocket to retrieve a talisman. The girl extends her hand, there is a flash and the world went dark.

The next time you wake up, you're in an unfamiliar room. A young girl at your side stands up and walks towards the door, you notice she also has rabbit ears, though her hair is red. She opens the door and calls out into the hallway. A few seconds later, the black haired girl from earlier comes in, finding you sitting up once again. You reach to your pockets, but find them empty. They must have confiscated your talismans, you curse your luck under your breath.

There is silence for a few seconds, as you watch the girl and she watches you. She breaks the silence first.

"Do you like rabbits?"

Her question completely throws you. You fumble with words for a few seconds trying to give a response.

"Yes. As long as they're not troublesome youkai rabbits," you say. She gives a small smile and walks over to you, crouching down next to you again like she did outside. In the lighting of the room, she looks even better than she did in the gloomy fog. You feel a slight burning in your cheeks.

"Then it's a good thing there are no troublesome ones around here." she says with a smile.

She introduces herself as Tewi, and you introduce yourself in turn. You explain that you'd noticed unfamiliar tracks around your home at the edge of the bamboo forest and tracked them back here. You felt they had belonged to someone with sinister intentions, and you were determined to get to the bottom of it and get rid of any potential dangers to your household as the newest graduate and the current heir to the Master position, due to your father's death. Tewi listens to the entire explanation, but offers no explanation for her own goals. Instead, she simply stands up afterwards and walks towards the door.

"I'll lead you out of the forest, you'll get lost on your own."

The trek through the bamboo is long and silent. You briefly consider saying something just to start a conversation, but you find yourself lost for words when it comes to talking to a youkai rabbit. Instead, you find yourself thinking back to when you woke up, the other youkai you saw, she appeared much like Tewi, and there were a number of other rabbits in the building as you were leaving. Though your suspicions of a dangerous youkai prowling your estate had been cleared, you find yourself wondering about a possible army of youkai living in relative isolation, hidden in an almost impossible to navigate forest of illusions. Before you can dwell on it too much longer though, you realize you can see the edge of the bamboo forest.

"This is as far as I'm going, I'm pretty popular among humans for my good luck," Tewi says, turning on her heel towards you. You notice she's not looking directly at you. "'Everyone gets one' as they say. People come looking for me to achieve good fortune, so I can't rick being mobbed by showing my face too often."

You nod in agreement. It did sound rather harrowing to have to deal with, though after a few seconds her words finally sink in.

"So, can I get some good fortune for finding you?"

Tewi looks you in the eyes, a disappointed expression on her brow.

"Well, you did manage to find Eientei and not get lost and die, so I think the good fortune already found you. Consider yourself lucky enough to be home safely."

She sounded a little upset. You regret asking after the fact, thinking that even when people do find her, they probably ask the same question, and they receive the same reply.

"I'm sorry, I guess my greed got the better of me." It was a weak apology, but you felt that it would be better than nothing. You offer a slight bow as a goodbye and turn towards the edge of the forest. As you begin walking you hear the sounds of rustling behind you. Looking back, Tewi has already vanished. Moments later, as you near the edge of the forest, you hear voices as family and students rush towards you, clearly surprised to find you and begin peppering you with questions about your absence. You don't answer them, but instead head back in to the house. Only then does it dawn on you you never retrieved your amulets and talismans before you were escorted from Eientei. Against your better judgment, you plan a second outing into the forest the next day.

Dawn comes, and once again you enter the tree line near where you exited the forest. The fog today is almost non existent. You can see your own footprints leading out, and trace them back to where Tewi lead you. You're surprised to find that while Tewi's tracks lead up to the location, there are no return tracks. Could she have flown back? You dismiss the idea idly, after all, she's a rabbit, not a bird. Rabbits can't fly, youkai or not. Having become somewhat adept at following Tewi's footprints, especially in a clearer day like today, you have very little trouble following both sets of tracks back the way they came from. Just as the night before, you reach the mansion around sunset, however tonight has a much different atmosphere. You can hear music and singing from quite a distance away, and it grows louder as you approach. When you reach Eientei, you discover it has been practically opened up, and is nearly surrounded by youkai rabbits dancing and singing, pounding mochi and celebrating apparently just for the sake of celebration. Among them, a single black haired rabbit bounds around, equally involved in the merrymaking. You find yourself watching too long however as Tewi eventually notices you and quickly disappears into the crowd of other rabbits. You decide to enter the main building.

Somehow, the interior seems much smaller than you remember it. After a short time of wandering around however, you notice that all sound has faded away. You turn around and notice that what had been a simple hallway leading in from the outside has stretched into eternity, the end long out of sight. You feel your heart begin to pound in your chest. Something is wrong, something is seriously wrong. You approach the nearest door and slide it open, revealing another hallway. Stepping in, you reach to shut the door behind you, only to feel nothing but air. You look back again and notice the doorway has completely vanished. Your heart rate increases as you begin to panic. That's when you hear laughter, a dry, feminine laugh. It resonates down the hallway, coming from somewhere far out of sight. You glimpse what appears to be the shimmering form of a person, and strain your eyes against the growing darkness to see. A pair of bright red eyes open in front of you, seeming to shine with an inner light. You stumble backwards in surprise, to see the eyes belong to another rabbit, much unlike the others you've seen so far. This one was wearing a strange outfit that appeared as something you've only seen at the expensive western clothing stores in the village. Her shining red eyes complimented her equally insane grin, as she pointed her right hand towards you, thumb and index finger extended.

"You've got some nerve coming for my Mistress, human. You're not leaving here alive or sane, you have no choice in the matter."

You take a few more steps backwards, trying to control your fear. You lament your lack of amulets, thinking that if you had some right now you would be able to stand a better chance, but you still have a repertoire of other arts at your disposal. Before you can decide on a plan however, four circles of light appear in front of her hand, and all too quickly, barrages of glowing bolts of light shoot out, flying towards you. You instinctually dodge the bolts, remembering the Spellcard rules obeyed within Gensokyo, something even you had learned in your training. You realize a pattern to the shots, and realize the less you move, the easier it is to maneuver between the shots. As you do, you begin to recite an incantation, the same sleep curse you used on your grandfather. The rings of light fade and the barrage ends, and using the mere seconds you have, you invoke the curse, sending out a thin wave of coloured lights. This catches the woman off guard, and two of the lights impact her and vanish. Seconds pass, and a full minute comes around as the rabbit stares you down, clearly fighting the effects of your invocation.

"You... you'll never... beat... Master..." she says, slurring her words in her increasing fatigue.

"Why did Tewi send you after me?"

You're not sure if she was surprised or just staggered really hard at that moment.

"Tewi? No... I..."

She never finishes her sentence. The light in her eyes fades, and almost instantly, the hallway snaps back to it's normal state, and the sound of music and singing fills the air again before she even hits the ground asleep. You look around, relieved to be back to normality, and decide to at least put the unconscious rabbit in one of the rooms, so she's not just laying in the middle of a hallway. Sliding open one of the doors, you find an empty room, and with relative ease, you carry the sleeping woman into the room and lay her down on a futon already unrolled on the ground. As you begin to leave the room, you see the packets of amulets and talismans you had on you. Claiming them, you are relieved at your small victory. That is, until you turn to the door.

"Oh dear, what have you done to my Udonge?"

Another woman stands in the door, bow readied and arrow nocked. Dark grey eyes that seem ready to pierce you just as easily as the arrow pointed towards your heart stare at you with cold calculation. Much to your dismay, you find yourself unable to think of the best way to explain yourself. You're about ready to resign to whatever fate was about to befall you, when a voice sounds out in the hallway.

"Help me! Eirin~!"

For a moment, the womans attention falters as she takes her eyes off of you. With single motion, you throw an entire packet of talismans and utter a short incantation. The packet bursts apart, releasing a barrage of paper. The woman turns her attention back with a surprised expression and releases her arrow. It bites through the seals with ease, but your small window of surprise allowed you time to move, suffering only a wound to the shoulder as a result. The talismans close in on the woman and surround her, eventually wrap around her, trapping her in a spell of binding. Her surprised shout as she falls caught the attention of others, as several seconds later, a number of youkai rabbits appear in the doorway, several still carrying the kine used to make mochi, and all of them bearing angry glares. You set your hand on the arrow in your shoulder and wrench it free, thankful it wasn't barbed. Wounded and outnumbered, you're almost certain to be overpowered. Not willing to simply give up, you take out another packet of talismans, preparing to invoke a spellcard. That's when a familiar face appears in the crowd.

"What are you doing?"

Tewi pushes her way into the room through the crowd, visibly furious.

"First you show up out of nowhere again, and now I find out you've not only attacked Eirin, but you were preparing to do who knows what to Udonge as she was sleeping," she says, stamping her foot like a child throwing a tantrum. "What were you thinking?"

You simply hold up the packets in your hands.

"I came back for these."

Tewi's irritation fades slightly as it seems to be slightly replaced with embarrassment. You get the feeling she forgot to return your possessions before you left, and is just now remembering.

"Well, guess that's partially my fault."

You stand up, wincing slightly from the wound in your shoulder. A growing stain has already formed, and you hear several murmurs from the other rabbits in the door. You notice Tewi looking at the blood spot.

"I'll be fine. It'll heal."

Tewi looks at you, then looks back at the woman bound in talismans on the floor, currently struggling to free herself with several help from several rabbits. Tewi looks back at you and sighs.

"You've got a surprising amount of good luck for a normal human. Are you sure you're not some kind of luck youkai?" Tewi says, a small sarcastic smile forming. She turns towards the door and starts commanding the various rabbits around, ordering several to draw water, a few more to fetch some medical supplies. She then joins the other rabbits in freeing the bound woman, all the while saying something.

You are treated by the rabbits, who clean and dress the wound. Much to your surprise, the woman you bound, Eirin, donates some medical salve to the process, easing the pain to near non-existence. The other rabbit, who you learn is named Reisen also begins to wake up eventually.

"So... what is this place?" you ask following the treatment, even more curious now that you've encountered several dangers within this building.

The explanation details that the building is called Eientei, and that while it is largely populated with youkai rabbits, it is mostly controlled by several people. Kaguya Houraisan, an exiled princess who claims to come from the moon, Eirin Yagokoro, Lunarian genius and medical expert, Reisen Udongein Inaba, who is what is apparently a 'Moon Rabbit' and is responsible for the maddening illusions that take place within the building. Finally, Tewi introduces herself again, though she mentions that she'd been in this forest long before Eientei existed, and was actually the oldest person in the building. She also includes that she is the 'Commander' of the youkai rabbits. Following the explanation, you explain in turn, mentioning that you had been there the previous day, the reasons that lead you here that time, and the loss of your talismans that lead you back here today. Eirin and Reisen are particularly embarrassed at their actions over a misunderstanding, and apologize for their actions.

You then discover that their hostility is largely due to someone named Fujiwara no Mokou, who is supposedly an immortal, who constantly sends assassin's after Kaguya, despite her being immortal as well. You learn of an almost timeless rivalry between the two eternals and their countless attempts to kill the other. You find it fairly absurd to believe that someone like Kaguya could have lived for more than a thousand years and still retain her apparent youth, but then you consider that Tewi is older and looks even younger. Still though, you have your doubts. Youkai do have their differences from humans after all.

Explanations give way into light conversation over tea. The youkai rabbits eventually return to their revelries, and the others all return to their various duties, leaving only you and Tewi in the end. Once again, you find yourself hard pressed to start a conversation. Time ticks by as you two sit in silence, both of you seemingly unable to begin a conversation.

"So, I'll lead you back to the forest's edge. Make sure not to forget anything this time." Tewi said, standing from where she was sitting on the floor and heading over to the door. You hesitate, feeling that you'd much rather stay, but ultimately give in and follow.

The walk through the bamboo forest is silent once again, the only sound being the sound of the two of you walking. You feel a slight hint of embarrassment, your second time being guided out of the forest, and your second chance to ask Tewi what she was doing loitering around your property int he first place, but you can't bring yourself to ask. You do however enjoy the walk more this time, as the clear sky offers much more illumination of the forest, allowing you to enjoy it's almost magical allure. Despite it's danger, the forest really is a beautiful sight. You look back to Tewi from admiring the forest, and find her walking backwards, her eyes set on you.

"Yes?"

Tewi doesn't respond, she simply tilts her head to one side, much like she did the first time you were in Eientei.

"Do you like rabbits?"

That question again. You've wondered why she would ask a question like that in the first place, though it wasn't quite as jarring now as the first time she asked it. Perhaps she was self conscious about being a youkai? Or maybe she was just worried that you had a particular distaste for rabbits.

"Yes, as long as they're not troublesome youkai rabbits."

She gives the same mischievous smile you remember her having the last time.

"Then it's a good thing there are no troublesome ones around here."

The same response as before too. Maybe she's just strange. You'd figure that several hundred years of life would probably cause the most stable individuals to start losing their mind, or maybe it's a side effect of living with someone like Reisen. Whatever the case, you can't be too sure of her reasoning behind it. The rest of the trip is uneventful. Tewi stops at the edge of the forest again, and you continue on alone. This time though, Tewi is still standing there when you look back. Once again, people from the house come running out to you with the same questions. This time, however, you have answers.

You tell them about the house in the forest, about the youkai rabbits, the moon princess, her resident genius, the mad rabbit and the rabbit of good fortune. You tell the younger family members and students about your battle against Reisen and Eirin, though your attempts to show off the wound you suffered from Eirin proves futile when you discover the wound had completely healed already, leaving only slightly stained and medicined bandages behind. Regardless, the kids eat up every word, and the tales of your experience seem to encourage them to train harder. Your grandfather however has a different feeling on the matter.

"You must never go back there, you will come to regret your involvement in their affairs."

His words come as a surprise to you, even though they contain a great deal of mystery. What affairs was he talking about? Your attempts to press him for more information are only replied with more warnings, which eventually give into demands. You agree to respect his wishes, and the matter is set behind you. It rains that night. The next day, you notice fresh clawed footprints leading around the house again. It takes almost all of your willpower to choose to ignore them. Several days pass, and every couple days you see a new set of footprints around the yard. Sometimes leading to the house, up to the windows, other times seeming to just wander aimlessly. You begin to keep track of when they appear and when they don't. You begin to find yourself able to predict when they'll appear again, and one night, you decide to set a slight trap.

One summer night, long after night fall when all others are asleep, you're alone in your room meditating. You've snuffed all lights, to make it appear that you've gone to sleep. An almost indiscernible sound comes from outside your window as a pair of small twigs you set up crunch underfoot.

"Do you like humans?"

There is a quiet rustle and then silence. You quietly walk to your window and look out. You see a slight glint of moonlight on red eyes as Tewi looks up at you from beneath the window. She truly had the appearance of a rabbit caught in a trap. Despite the darkness, you can make out the slight mixture of surprise and amusement in Tewi's expression.

"You scared me there." she said quietly, moving away from the window. You simply smile.

"Well rightly so. I hear there's some troublesome rabbits out here that like to spy on people."

Tewi furrows her brow.

"Well sorry for being troublesome."

You offer a slight snicker.

"I thought there were no troublesome rabbit youkai around here?"

Tewi's expression changes to surprised embarrassment as she stamps her foot again.

"Oh, you totally set me up for that one." she says, looking like a kid that just lost a game to a friend. Silence falls between you once again, but this time, you're determined not to let it persist.

"... Want a carrot?"

"That's not some kind of euphemism for sex is it?"

You instantly feel your face begin to burn as Tewi's mouth widens into a sly grin. It seems she's turned the tables on you this time, but she does agree to come in.

You prepare some tea and carrots, and sit down with Tewi. You ask her about her reasons for coming around your property all the time. At first she seems hesitant to give a straight answer, but before long you pressure her into spilling. Apparently there have been a number of incidents in the past few years that have caused quite a bit of excitement, but it's been a long while since anything has happened that gave Tewi an excuse to leave Eientei and she's begun to get a little stir crazy having to stay in one place. She often takes walks at night now to relax and to just enjoy the night, and having a group of humans living so close to the forest gives her something different to look at. She had always been aware it was an onmyoudo dojo, but due to being a youkai she had always been afraid of coming during the day out of fear of being attacked, so she never gets to meet everyone else. You decide then that you will help her out, and promise to tell everyone else more about her, and tell her that she'll be safe to come during the day if she pleases. This really seems to cheer her up.

Leaving that topic behind, your conversations turn into Tewi telling you stories of things she's seen during her life, many of which are things that you yourself learned about from Keine while you attended her school. In this case though, you get a much more radical viewpoint, history from the youkai side of life. Her stories nearly continue until sunrise, at which point she hurries off back to Eientei. You too head off to bed.

Several days pass without sign of Tewi, though you've had plenty of time to inform everyone of the agreement the two of you made, and that she should be treated as a normal person rather than a youkai. When she does finally turn up on the hottest day of the summer, she's welcomed pleasantly by everyone on the grounds at the time, many of which are pleased to meet her. She is strangely shy the first few visits, but when she starts showing up more regularly she gets more and more open with everyone until she seems just as naturally part of the household as anyone else. You also learned second hand that she's a prankster, and her constant tricks keep the current students on their toes, giving them practical experience against youkai tactics and deceptions. Even your grandfather, who had initially been wary of a youkai entering the grounds unrestricted seemed to lighten up.

One day, however, when the students were allowed a free day to rest, the grounds were nearly empty when Tewi came by. You greeted her before you had to leave on an errand to the village, and informed her you'd be gone for a while. She didn't mind, and said she had something she wanted to talk about when you got back. She seemed slightly nervous, which in turn made you worried as you traveled to the village. The entire time, you wondered what it was she had to say, and you began to fear the worst. You've come to enjoy her company more, and she seemed to be much happier around your house and dojo than she was back at Eientei, you didn't want to have to lose her. You made every effort to get back as soon as possible. By the time you returned from the village, you set the groceries and supplies in the kitchen just as you overheard what sounded like a muffled shout. You realized it was Tewi, something was wrong! You hurried towards the back of the house where you thought you heard it, hearing voices as you got closer to your grandfather's room.

"Grant my request, you god forsaken beast!"

That was your grandfather's voice! In an instant a feeling of hatred and anger boils up inside you that you've never felt before. You kick in the sliding door to your grandfather's room, finding him partially disrobed and forcing Tewi down, her dress pulled up to her chest and his free hand tugging at her bloomers. Tewi looked at you with tearful, frightened eyes, and you nticed for the first time the large burn scars that covered your grandfather's back and upper arms. You ran forward, your own fire burning inside, and dug your foot into the old man's ribs with a sharp kick, he gave a shout of pain and rolled off Tewi as she scrambled away from him. You saw a few amulets stuck to her, and you recognized them as seals meant to weaken a youkai. Tewi could barely force herself to stand as she curled next to your legs, sobbing.

"What in hell were you trying to do to Tewi."

Grandfather just sneered and spat.

"She's a youkai, she doesn't deserve the same treatment as humans, especially one with such a gift as good fortune. She should be an obedient slave to some powerful onmyouji as a shikigami, granting him the easy life."

You felt your stomach turn over. You never expected such coldness was possible, let alone from your own grandfather and a renowned Master famed throughout the land.

"You're a disgusting person, grandfather. I can hardly tell you from the beasts in the wild, forcing your own lusts and desires onto whomever you want. I won't let you hurt any girl I like, even if she is a youkai."

You saw Tewi look up at you out of the corner of your eye, face soaked from tears, clearly surprised by what you've just admitted. You felt a slight wave of embarrassment over it, even though you displayed a front of anger. Grandfather's sneer turned into a cold glare.

"You'll never have what it takes to be the next master, you damned deviant. I forsake you from the dojo and strike you from the hierarchy. Leave these grounds now or face punishment."

So it had come to this. He was willing to turn you away for defying his cruelty. You didn't care, you couldn't stand to remain in the family any more after his sickening treatment. You kneel down and help Tewi to her feet, still shaking and crying, and lead her from the room. You briefly stop in your own room to retrieve some personal effects, then take half the groceries you had just dropped off. You briefly regretted having to leave while everyone else was out, including your younger brother, but you swore you would come back for him another day, take him away from the leadership of that disgusting man. Instinctively, you headed into the bamboo forest. It didn't take long for Tewi to start slowing down however.

"Wait... I can't... wait..."

You stop and turn around. You can see Tewi is clearly struggling to even stay on her feet, and you recall the amulets that were used on her. You tell her to remove them, but find out that she can't, that the amulets themselves prevent her from touching them. You agree to take them off for her, but she hesitates. Realization catches up to you, and you get a weird mix of anticipation and embarrassment.You're going to have to take the amulets off yourself. You start with the ones stuck to her arms, peeling them off first. An awkward pause follows, as Tewi is too nervous to continue, and you're too embarrassed to continue as well. You take the initiative however, and start to lift her dress to get to the ones on her legs at least. She gives a little yelp and moves to push her skirt down, but stops half way, her hands resting on her stomach. You can see she's starting to turn red, and you can fell you are as well. Never the less, you begin to peel off the amulets closest to her ankles, working your way up, by the time you reach her knees, she's closed her eyes and begun to turn an even deeper red. By the time you finish with her legs, you almost feel it would be dangerous to continue as well, as certain parts of you other than your cheeks are now receiving ample amounts of blood.

"You okay Tewi? There's still some-"

"I- No, I can't..."

"It'll be fine, I'll just sit behind you and start at your back, and you can put my hands on the rest."

There was a hesitant pause. You know she needs to get the rest of the amulets off, and you know you want to take them off, but you're also concerned with being too forceful. She's probably already been traumatized enough coming so close to being violated by an old man, the least you want to do is cause her any more suffering. You get up and walk around behind her. She slowly lifts up her dress the rest of the way, and lets it hang forward from her neck. There are a few amulets on her back, and you can see the edge of one on her side. You peel off the ones you can see, being sure to be careful when peeling off the one on her side, though the way she folder her arms into her chest made it harder than it should have been. After those, Tewi adjusted her dress, hanging it the other way, and took hold of your hands, placing them on two different spots. You could feel the edges of the amulets at your finger tips, and you also realized that one hand was on her stomach, and the other was right in the middle of her chest. Taking a deep breath, you focused on removing the amulets and nothing else, completing the process carefully.

"Is that all?"

Tewi nodded, slipped her dress back down. You took this moment in her blind spot to adjust your recent growth as to not draw any attention to it that might cause negative reactions. Tewi didn't move aside from shifting into a seiza position.

"You're okay, right? Tewi?"

Tewi nodded again. You almost hate to ask, but have a feeling something like this might have happened before. As for now, you help her back to her feet, pick up your bags, and walk further into the forest with her. The entire way back to Eientei, Tewi never lets go of your arm.

Getting back to Eientei takes longer, and it's past nightfall by the time you arrive. When you do, youkai rabbits come out in droves, and Reisen is right behind them all. They quickly notice Tewi looking a bit worn out and look at you with suspicious eyes. She quickly dismisses their suspicions though, informing them of what happened earlier in the day. Naturally, the reaction is one of anger. In the resulting chaos, Tewi wanders into the building and disappears into a room. Concerned for her, you follow her and enter the room behind her. She's already managed to ball herself up in the corner and huddle into a blanket. It really breaks your heart to see her looking so broken and hurt.

"Tewi..."

You can't find any words to fix what happened. There probably aren't any words that can do that. All you can do right now is be there for her. You walk across the room and sit down next to her. She leans against you and buries her face into your shoulder, and you lay your arm across her shoulders. The two of you sit like that until you both fall asleep.

By the time you wake up, Tewi is already gone, a crumpled blanket left where she once sat. You wander around Eientei for a while, coming across a few youkai rabbits that are already awake, and Reisen, who seems to be filling in for Tewi by commanding what rabbits were active around. You find Tewi herself sitting in a small courtyard near the back of Eientei. You head towards her quietly, but find yourself surprised when she turns quickly, a bright smile on her face.

"You sleep a lot, you're missing a great day."

You look outside. The fog is thick again today, and there is a light rain falling. All and all, it appears to be a fairly dreary day.

"What makes today so great?"

Tewi stands up and throws her arms around your neck.

"Because it's the first day of a new love."

Your heart skips a beat, and before you even have time to recover, Tewi leans in and kisses you. You have to focus on staying upright to keep your knees from giving out on you. Tewi pulls back and buries her face in your chest. The only thing you can do is wrap your arms around her.

"Thanks for yesterday. It's been far too long since someone treated me like a woman instead of a good luck charm."

You don't know what to say. While you did save her from the perversions of an old man, you didn't really realize what was happening until you had already jumped into action. Could you really say it was a conscious decision to save her? You chase such thoughts from your head. Of course you meant to save her, and you did because it's the right thing to do. She was a friend and a companion, but that man only saw her as a source of power and sex. It made you angry just thinking about it again, but that was far in the past now, and would never happen again. Your only fear is that Tewi will never trust other humans again. Tewi slides from your arms and takes a step around you with a spring in her step.

"Can't spend the entire day being all lovey, I've got work to do. You just enjoy the day normally!" she says cheerfully before bounding off to wake up more rabbits. You felt relieved that she seemed to have gotten over the trauma of last night so quickly. You decide to take her advice and enjoy the day normally, or rather, what you would consider normal. You perform your routine exercises, and even assist with the chores. You even help Reisen and Eirin with dinner, despite Eirin's insistence on using a bunch of odd ingredients you've never heard of. You thoroughly enjoy the day, and retire to a room now shared by you and Tewi near the more isolated back of the house, something she apparently arranged earlier today. You could get used to life like this.

You open your eyes sometime during the night, the deep silence of Eientei a little unsettling for the first time. You slide out of your bed to go get a drink of water, when you hear a slight rustling sound. You stop to see if you can hear it again, and you do, but it sounds farther away. Whatever it is, it's coming from outside. Before you have time to think on it, a series of loud noises erupts from around Eientei, and parts of the building erupt into flames. Tewi wakes with a scream, as does half of Eientei. By the time everyone's caught on to what's happening, you've already snatched up the remaining packets of amulets and rushed outside. That's when you see her, blue hair wreathed in flames, gouts of flames licking across her body. She looked like a fiery goddess, afloat in the air above Eientei.

"KA~GU~YA~!"

Her shouts tear through the night air with a venomous hatred you could never have thought existed. A small group of youkai rabbits rose into the air, but were met with a shower of fire and amulets. Another onmyouji? You ready your amulets and let them fly, they spiral outwards in thick waves. She notices the attack however, and with a single sweep, burns several amulets out of the air and approaches with impossible speed, squeezing right through the tiniest gaps. You're startled by her rapid approach and take a few steps back. You can see a deep look of familiarity in her eyes.

"You. Where did you learn that attack?"

You have a sudden dread deep within the pit of your stomach. A lingering hunch that you've gotten into something beyond your control. You realize now, even though they were the words of a disgusting man, that they were true, that he never should have come back out here.

"I'm a student of the Huziwara Onmyoudo-"

She bursts out laughing. At first a light laugh, but it quickly builds into an insane cackle. The flames sheathing her body grow bigger as she continues, to the point they threaten to ignite the forest around her.

"You don't even know. You don't even know the truth do you? Is that pathetic excuse for a man still alive? I thought I burnt him to death for his arrogance."

Your heart sinks as images of your grandfathers burns flash into your memory. Did she burn him? Does that mean she knew him?

"What you know is an art I've long since created, the personal training of an ancient aristocrat developed into a private style. That lecherous dog stole my technique, then he tried to steal my dignity, and now he's passing his theft onto new generations. Inexcusable. Unforgivable! I'm going to finish him once and for all, once I burn this place, it's inhabitants, and Kaguya to the ground." she said, with a wicked smile. Realization stuck you like a ton of bricks. This was Mokou! "That prissy princess will be so lost without all her precious servants, it'll only be a matter of time before she gives up on life entirely."

"I can't let you do that."

Mokou's fires flared violently in response.

"You think you can stop me with a technique I invented?"

"Do you think you can stop a man dedicated to protecting his friends and loved ones?"

A wave of fire washed forth, and you took several more steps back, the heat already causing you to break a sweat. The lesser foliage in the forest had already dried out and caught fire. You could see the rabbits in the background, frantically working to douse the fires that had erupted around Eientei.

"I'm giving you a chance to live, human. I will kill you if you get in my way. Kaguya and her sympathizers must die, and I'm not going to let some young upstart get in my way."

Without warning, a ball of fire issues forth from the wreath of flames and speeds towards you. You avoid it in time, and produce a handful of amulets, tossing them forth with an incantation. Tounges of flame lick at the amulets, but have no effect. Mokou only barely manages to avoid a direct hit.

"Fine, have it your way."

Mokou took to the air, producing a wave of amulets similar to the one you attacked with first. You're familiar with the pattern, and avoid it easily, countering with your own shower of amulets in return. Mokou's agility in the air gives her an advantage, but she comes much closer to being hit. You smile to yourself, feeling that your own personal touches to your training and technique have varied your patterns enough to make them unfamiliar to Mokou. The two of you exchange waves of amulets for what seems like an eternity, as you stall for time until the mansion can be put out. Once the last of the flames have been doused, you see Reisen and Eirin exit from Eientei and begin heading in your direction. Your turn is almost up, and Mokou had descended fairly close to the ground. Now was your only chance. You produce a single talisman and charge towards Mokou, leaping towards her with all your might.

"Immortal「Fire Bird -Flying Phoenix-」"

You can barely react before a large bird of flames swoops over you. The pain is unbearable as your skin burns and cracks and your clothing burns away. Through the flames, you reach out with your single talisman and, with a wild swipe, manage to stick it to Mokou's pant leg. The flames dissipate and you collapse into a heap, your breathing strained as you try to force air through your heat scorched throat. You hear a loud scream, and only barely see Tewi at the edge of vision, being restrained by several other rabbits. Her screams of anger are broken only by painful sobs. Eirin hesitates before running back into Eientei, likely to try to find something she can use to save you. At some point, Kaguya had emerged from Eientei and was now locked in battle with Mokou. Moving is hard, breathing is hard, but you manage to roll over onto your back to see the two in mid air engaged in a furious battle. You smile through burned and cracked lips, and utter your final incantation.

"Purification「Demon Purge」"

Mokou's flames flare brighter than before, surprising everyone including Mokou. In an instant, the flames turn upon themselves as a roiling torrent of flames issues forth from Mokou in all directions. Kaguya retreats in surprise, unsure of what's happening as Mokou's screams pierce the night sky. The torrents of flame cut out suddenly as a huge bird of fire materializes from Mokou's body. The Phoenix writhes in it's own personal agony momentarily before bursting in a brilliant display of white light, the force of which utterly obliterates Mokou's body, now separated from her source of immortality. Your consciousness begins to fade as you hear Eirin's voice, coming from what seems like an eternity away. The night is so clear now, it feels like a perfect night to sleep under the stars forever.

It was late at night somewhere in august. The moon was full and was blood red which cause the entire night sky in gensokyo to seem as if a red blanket fell was covering it, literally. After many,many hours of working and trying to fix all the chaos that happen during the day in Scarlet Devil Manor, Sakuya the elegant and perfect maid of the manor was ready for a rest. But she knew that before she could, she should bring a cup of tea to her mistress, Remilia Scarlet. As she walks to Remilia's room, Sakuya could not help but gaze as the tainted moon.

"A red moon, also known as a hunters moon. I could tell that the mistress is going to be doing something weird again tonight." She mumbled.

She gave a big sigh as she remembers all the misadventure her Remilia would do every night when the moon is the color of blood.

"Let's hope it won't be as bad as last time..."

Sakuya finally arrive at Remilia's door and knocked. As expected, no one answer so she went in. Remilia jumped as Sakuya entered.

"Sakuya! How many times have I asked you to knock before entering my room!" Remilia said in a angry tone.

"Pardon me, mistress, but I did knock. It was just that you didn't answer."

"Well, maybe you should knock harder or twice the next time. And besides, who told you that you could talk back to me?"

"My apologies my lady.Would you like some red tea?" Sakuya gently poured some tea into a cup and handed it to Remilia.

"Well, since you're not completely useless I'll forgive you for now." Remilia said as she took a sip.

"There is nothing more relaxing then having a cup of tea at a night of a red moon" Remilia purr.

“I agree mistress. But don't you usually go out during a night like this?"

"I was going to, mind you. But tonight is a beautiful hunters moon and I want to enjoy it for a few more minutes." She snapped

"I see. The hunters moon,when the moon and the sky is tainted a bloody red and is name after the light that is given to hunters that hunt at nights like this..." Sakuya cited.

"Yeah,yeah, great job Wikipedia. Anyway, I need you to do a job for me."

"It wouldn't happen to have something to do with kidnapping humans or creating a mist to block out the sun again, is it?"

Remilia blushed “Shut up! You know I don't like to do things twice. Besides that, it was you and the others fault for the failure of my ingenious plan. That Reimu Hakurei and Marisa Kirisame, if only not for them...," Remilia went on complaining and mumbling,"But no. This is something different and something really important."

"I will do my best to serve you then." Sakuya replied.

"You better. Anyway, it turns out I'm ranked number two of Gensokyo's greatest vampires. NUMBER TWO!! CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS! THIS IS SO HUMILIATING! UGGGGHHH!! AFTER ALL I DONE AND THIS IS HOW THEY TREAT ME!?" Remilia screamed."It's not fair!!!!"

Sakuya watched in silence as her mistress start throwing a tantrum.

“Is...that so? But, where did you get this information from my lady?"

Remilia calmed down

"From today's news! See!"

She handed Sakuya a newspaper. Sakuya read the article out loud.

"As it turn out, the most greatest vampire in Gensokyo turn out not to be Remilia Scarlet, the master of Scarlet Devil Mansion, but is Kurumi who was able to sky rocket her reputation after her defeat of Reimu Hakurei, the Shrine maiden of Hakurei shrine, which a lot of people at first thought was impossible but after careful research by the great Aya Shameimaru,head reporter of the Bunbunmaru newspaper, it turn out to be true. "So I was flying through the sky looking for a story and suddenly with my very own eyes I say the defeat of the shrine maiden by the hands of the vampiress Kurumi. It was pretty amazing and I couldn't believe what happen myself but it was all true." Quoted Shameimaru, Aya. With that, Kurumi has moved up to number one and the formal number one vampire, Remilia scarlet has been move down to number two. “Original she was suppose to be below her sister,Flandre Scarlet, since she is not as strong as her younger sister but because miss Flandre don't usually go out or do anything worthwhile, she remain rank number three." One of the publishers replied.

Sakuya stared at the newspaper.

"See! Can you believe that Sakuya? Neither did I! They were about to put me below Flandre too! This is unacceptable" Remilia said in a frustrated tone.

"But mistress...you're not going to let them get to you like that are you? I mean this is just nonsense, you don't have to get so worked up."

"Shut up Sakuya! You'll never understand how it feels. To be behind someone, to be second. The shame I'm going to have to live with."

"Trust me my lady, I know how it feels..."Sakuya said in a low voice, " But whatdo you want me to do?"

Remilia Smirked. "Sakuya, I need you to take care of this Kurumi. As in...," Remilia slided her finger through her neck with a sound of slicing, "I'm sure you get what I mean, hehhehheh..."

"But mistress, isn't that a little, I don't know, too extreme?"

"Silence! You shall do as I say! I will not stand for being second! If you do not complete this mission then don't you even dare come back!"

Sakuya face palms and replied with a sigh,"If you say so my lady. I'll do my best"

Remilia grinned."Good, good... Now get going!" She laugh maniacally"You have messed with the wrong vampire, whatever you name is! I'll see to it that you would die a slow and painful death! Ahahahahahahahahaha!!!"

Sakuya left the room and sighed.

"I sometime wonder why I even serve her."

And Thus, Sakuya prepared her journey to take down this so called "Kurumi" so that she can finally have a rest.

"Why do all these thing happen to me?" She groaned as she left. 

It was a full moon tonight, and was the color of blood. Normally I wouldn't care so much but today I feel that something is going to happen, since I do have a sixth sense. Anyway, it was kinda creepy how the moon could become so bloody red and it feels a little eerie.That and how everyone get to stay inside the mansion but me. I sometimes wonder about my life which I seem to be wasting being a gatekeeper. Everybody torment me whenever I take a break, especially Sakuya. But then again, Scarlet Devil Manor would be invaded and destoryed over countless time if I wasn't here. Yes, I am the great gate guard Hong Meiling! Guardian of SDM, protector of the Scarlets,master of chinese martial arts and the bearer of the biggest breast in the entire mansion!

"Hahahahahaha!!!"

"I see you're slacking off again Meiling"

I turned and saw Sakuya.

"Wait, I wasn't slacking off! I was...err...I was..."

"Save it. I don't have time for this. Tonight is the night of the Hunters moon and I have an important mission." Sakuya told me.

Important mission? Important enough not to impale me with knifes? Wow that must be special.

"I see. Well, have fun then Sakuya!I'll do my best to guard the gate."

Sakuya came so close to my face I could practically smell her breath and everything she ate. She must have had another helping of garlic bread, about 3 slices (phew it stinks),2 cup of tea and some coffee. I felt like passing out but I knew if I do Sakuya would be all over me again.

"You better not slack off while I am gone, cause if I get back and if even one, just one, single living creature get in I will cut apart each and every limb on your body then I will throw you to the underworld myself. Understand?"She threatened with a cold whisper.

Normally I got use to her death threats but tonight's sound especially scary.

"Ye...Yes ma'am. Un...understood ma'am." I was able to reply.

"Good, now I have to go."

She walked about few second and stopped.

"Wait, I actually do have time to spare."

At that moment, I knew it was going to be another night of living hell.

After a few minutes (or seconds. I wasn't able to count since Sakuya stop time multiple time)of impaling and cutting me, Sakuya finally left. Mind you that it hurt a lot and I even felt like crying now. I always wondered what was her problem but I guess the most obvious is that she's jealous of my breast (did you know that Sakuya's breast score was five out of forty in the Ms.Gensokyo competition? I was able to score a total of thirty out of forty. I think the one who won it was some women by the name Eirin Yagokoro who was able to score a thirty-nine out of forty last time. It was surprising and I actually think she cheated but it didn't really matter to me that much. It was after that day that it seems Sakuya is going after me) I was able to recover in no time thanks to the power of my Chi (which is really useful in combat and self healing) and I was back to guarding the gate. It was an extremely boring job since hardly anyone ever comes near our mansion, and I don't blame them unless they want to die or is just very, very stupid.

"This is so boring it makes reading looks fun."

"That's because reading is fun..."I

turned around and saw Patchouli,which was pretty surprising since that girl never leaves her room.

"Patchy, you're outside? Wow, this is one weird night" I joked.

"Those who don't understand the events will never understand life"

"Wha...? I think...you got that phrase wrong"

"...Oh, you're right."

The thing about Patchouli is that how she would try to make up her own philosophic phrase but she seems to always get them mixed up. I think she should just stick with reading and magic or either that she should really start buying some fortune cookies.

"So why are you out here Patchy?"

"You haven't notice?"

"Uh, notice what?"

"The moon."

"Oh, yeah I know. It's blood red tonight. I do find it a bit eerie but it's pretty normal."

"To have a red moon is not natural, especially in august."

"What do you mean? There's always a red moon every few days on august"

"Tsk,tsk, you do not understand. It seems nobody have notice yet. This is august, the night of the corn moon."

"So? I don't get what you're saying. Where are you going with this?"

Patchouli sighed.

"Never mind. You just stand guard, I'm going to be going out for a while."

I was not sure what was happen but too see Patchouli go outside of her room tonight, there is definitely something weird going on. I want to investigate too, but if I leave something might happen to SDM. That and Sakuya would kill me. I sometimes wonder what my life would be like if I got a different job...

It was late at night. As usual, Patchouli Knowledge was reading a book and Koakuma was having a rest so all was quiet. Too quiet...Patchouli finished her book and got up to get another one but this was when she noticed it.Outside the window, the moon was full and was deep blood red. Patchouli stared at the moon in awe but also in fear.

"This is...a red moon? But how..." She questioned herself.

She knew that something was wrong. Why was there all of a sudden a red moon? Especially in august, the night of the corn moon. Patchouli was curious and wanted to know what happen so she decided to go out. Although she's not much of a fan of outside the determination to solve the mystery of the red moon was strong.

"A red moon on a night like this? There must be something a foot. Not to mention I sense something weird is going on."

As she walked down through the hall, she passed by Remilia who was surprised to see Patchouli.

"Patchy, you're out of your room! Is the word about to end?"

"Very funny Remilia" Patchouli replied sarcastically.

“But do you notice the moon?"

"The moon? What about it?"

"its blood red, and its august."

"So? What's it to you, it's a beautiful night. This don't happen a lot so you should just enjoy it."

"Tsk,you don't understand. I'll see you later then Remilia" Patchouli said disappointed.

"Okay, whatever. Say, have you seen Flandre? She doesn’t seem to be in the basement."

"Sorry, I haven't"

"Fine. I'll catch you later."

When Patchouli finally got outside, she looked up at the red moon. Although she wanted to investigate she did not know where to start.

"If there is no beginning then there would be no end..."

"I think you got that phrase wrong Patchy" Meiling, the gatekeeper, told her.

"Does it really matter? At lease it sounds smart right?" Patchouli replied jokingly.

"It seems to be one heck of a night, you're outside and you're trying to make jokes." Meiling laughed.

"Shut up and do your work gatekeeper."

"Fine, fine. So if you don't know where to start looking, what’s the point?"

"I know that. I'm trying to figure out myself. Where can I go to get some knowledge about the moon?"

"Hmmmm...Oh, I know!"

"Spill it then."

"You can ask the Lunarians since they are from the moon. They might know"

"Yes...good point. But where can I find Lunarians in Gensokyo...?"

"I think I know one. Her name was Reisen. We talked a little last time and she did say she was a fugitive from the moon."

"Can you tell me where she is?"

"I don't know, but she did say she live in someplace call Eientei, somewhere deep in the bamboo forest. That’s what I heard anyway."

"I see...Thank you then. I'll be off."

Patchouli went off.

"Have fun" Meiling shouted.When Patchouli was halfway away from SDM, she remembered something.

"Oh yeah, I forgot. Remilia told me something about Flandre. Hmmm...It's probably notthing." She said to herself.A painful scream then came from the gate.

"Eientei is it...?" she mumbled as she walked on with the light of the Blood red moon illuminating her way.

I hate nights like this. Every full moon it happens. I'm not even sure what to do and every time it wear off my stomach feels like it's about to pop out along with everything I ate. But that's not the worse. Since it’s a full moon tonight, and a blood red one to boot, I once again have to hide the history of the human village from the youkai that may run wide during nights like this. It’s too bad my human form can only hide the history, but luckily my hakutaku has the power to bring it back. May it be a gift, or a curse, it does come in handy sometimes. Although tonight seems a bit different from others nights since this the first time I have saw a blood red moon in august which I’m not sure if it is possible at all. But taken from the history of gensokyo, it doesn't seem to be the first time this happen either. Aiya, my head is killing me tonight and I can't even think straight. I decide to go to bamboo of lost to hide for a while until this wears off, which should be in about a few hours. As I was walking my horns accidentally got caught with some trees branches, which is also one of the most annoying thing with being a hakutaku. Took me about twenty-five minutes until I was finally able to get it out and I continue on. Although I got use to being a youkai, tonight feels aseptically different but the main reason maybe because of the red moon. That or maybe because of the melonberry pie I ate this afternoon but I think it may the first one with the moon. As I walked to the bamboo forest of lost, like usual, I would encounter some really stupid youkais. It also seems that no matter where you walk in Gensokyo there would always be some weak and annoying creatures going after you. I'm not sure if they are brave, or just really stupid and annoying. I finally arrived at the bamboo forest. Tonight it seems a bit too quiet as most nights like this there would be sounds of rabbits and many other creature, well...you could say they would be so loud they could wake the dead and beyond. I wonder would it be the cause of the red moon.
As I took another I fell right into a pit trap that was at least 4 foot deep.
"Ow! Who...who dug this pit trap!? Show yourself" I screamed, enrage from both embarrassment and pain.
A mocking laughter came from above.
"See! I told you Reisen! I told you that milk cow would walk this path and fall for my trap!"
There could have been one person that would do this in the bamboo forest, and that must be that blasted rabbit Tewi Inaba and the one with her must be Reisen Udongein Inaba. Everytime I walk through the forest they would cause some mischief like this. I should have seen this coming.
"Let me out of here,! How many times do you have to make stupid traps like this until you are satisfied?!"
"Hehhehheh, Stupid? If it was so stupid you wouldn't have fallen for it you cow!"
"Why you, wait till I get out of here! I'll turn you into rabbit soup!" I threaten.
Then I heard Reisen's voice.
"I'm sorry, but we can not allow you to escape this time. You are a friend of Fujiwara No Mokou, the enemy of mistress Kaguya, which makes you an enemy too. Please do not resist, you can not win even if you are in your hakutaku
form."
"That's right you stupid cow, neeee" Tewi stuck her tongue out at me.
"That does it!"
I tried to get out but it seems there were some sticky substances in the pit. I was completely immobilized.
"What...What is this? What have you two done!?"
"Hehheh! This was my idea. We stole some weird potions from Erin and decided to add it to the pit. Clever isn't it?" Tewi said snobbishly.
"Well, we didn't steal it more like borrowed. But looks like it worked." Reisen added.
"Grrr, the moment I get out of here you two are dead! I'll make rabbit soup out of both of you!"
"Ooooo, big talk from such a helpless cow. Now all we need to do is bring you in to Kaguya. Reisen, do it now."
"Right, I got it"
At that moment, Reisen's eyes glowed red and then...everything was black.

When I finally came to my head was spinning. I tried to move but I was bonded tightly and even more surprising was that I was still in hakutaku form. This meant that I wasn't out for too long. I looked down and saw that the ropes were not normal but they seem to be made of iron and they were enchanted. I then look around and tried to guess where I am.
"Looks like you're awake, you stupid cow" A jeering voice said.
I lashed around and saw Tewi, a women with silver hair in large braids and red and blue clothing, and a women with long black hair and a pink shirt with many white bows, and a long, dark burgundy skirt decorated in yellow with bamboo and flower shapes.
I struggled again to break free.
"It is no use," Said the women with silver braids, "That's an enchanted lunarian beast rope. It's can even the hold strongest beast on Earth and Gensokyo. Not even a were-beast like you can break free."
"In other words, stop trying you cow!Hehehe" Tewi said.
"What did I ever do to you? Release me now!"
I screamed.
The long haired women came over and kicked me in the stomach. She then pulled me up to her face.
"A feisty one aren't you? Do you not know the situation you are in? I'll be the ones doing the demands."
She threw me on the floor.
"I am Kaguya, princess of Eientei. And this is Erin." she pointed at the sliver braid girl.
"Hi, nice to meet you. Sorry about the hospitality." Erin said to me.
I was both in pain and enraged but there was nothing I could do. It seems that I had to listen to this Kaguya's demands if I am to be free.
"What are you demands Kaguya?"
She kicked me again.
"That's Princess Kaguya to you. Tell me half-beast, are you friends with Fujiwara No Mokou?"
"Yes, yes I am."
"Good, good. All is according to plan."
"What...what do you plan to do?" I asked.
"You are going to become bait and lure Mokou to me."
"What?!" I said in shock.
"Tewi, send one of your rabbits to give the message to Mokou and Erin, take the half-beast away."
"Yes ma'am!" Tewi replied and went off.
"As you commend, princess Kaguya."
Erin picked me up and took me away. The last thing I heard was
"Tonight will finally be the night. The death of Fujiwara No Mokou"
I was taken to a room with one window.
"I apologize again, but the princess has been waiting for over 1000 year for this day. Please do not think badly of us." Erin said as she placed me in the room and locked the door.
The rays of the moon shone a blood red light and dyed my entire prison a deep red.

"What is going on...?" I mumbled.

To have a Blood red moon in august, no, this is not natural. Something is wrong and I know it. The spirits here are all restless. Even Myon seem to be a bit over the edge tonight. Could this be fear...or something different? But even through something weird maybe happening, I should probably ignore it. Anyhow, it don't seems to be that much of a problem. Then, I heard my mistress, Yuyuko Saigyouji, calling. She must be hungry again so I decided to get going. That or she's going to ask me to do more bizarre request again like she always does.
"Lady Yuyuko."
"Ah, Youmu. Perfect." Yuyuko replied.
"Is there something you need my lady? I'll prepare dinner in a few minutes."
"That's great,Youmu, but this is something else.Youmu,do you notice the moon tonight?"
"Yes my lady, it is...blood red. It is also making the other spirits restless. Even Myon."
"Do you feel it too? This is not natural and something is wrong. Youmu please do me a favor."
"What would that be my lady?"
"Please investigate on why this is happening. I must know what is going on."
"Right away my lady."
I was about to leave when Yuyuko stopped me.
"Wait Youmu."
"Yes my lady?"
"Didn't you say you were going to make dinner?"
"My lady...but didn't you say you want me to investigate it?"
"Well yes but, food always comes first! Let's see, for tonight I would like some chicken,some roast pork and, and some pie for dessert too! Oh and ummm..." She went on and on.
"Lady Yuyuko..." I face palmed. Sometime I wonder where does all the food lady Yuyuko eat goes.After we finally finish dinner (Yuyuko was still hungry even through ate my portion too) it was finally time to leave. I'm not really sure where to even start to look and I feel that this is a waste of time but I can not disobey my orders.
"I guess the best place to go would be to lady Yukari's home since she might know something about the moon." I said to Myon (It's one of my habits I tried to break. I guess I just like talking to her since she makes me feel like there is someone else with me)
If I remember correctly, Lady Yukari resides somewhere in the border of Gensokyo meaning I would have to go to the Hakurei shrine. My destination seems to be a bit far but if I just fly there I would probably make it in a hour or so.
So I set off, killing away any annoying youkais that is in my way. Along the way I saw some smoke coming from the bamboo forest of lost.
"That's strange. It seems as if there is a fight
or something there." I mumbled to Myon.
But I ignore it since it had notthing to do with me and it would only be a nuisance. As I was almost to my destination I found another nuisance.
"Well,well, If it isn't Youmu Konpaku, the half-ghost gardener." Said Sakuya.
"Sakuya Izayoi. You're not going to get in my way are you?" I reply, ready to draw my swords.
"Calm down. I have no time to quarrel with you
tonight. I'm on a important mission and you should be the one that should not get in my way."
"Important mission? What would that be?" I asked, suspiciously.
"It is none of your concern. And what are you doing in a night like this?" She asked.
"I am also on an important mission. And I should be the one to tell you to not get in my way." I retorted.
"Interesting."
She looked up at the moon.
"It is a beautiful red moon tonight."
"There is nothing beautiful about a moon that looks like it's been cover in blood."
"That is true, but that is an opinion. I feel a need for a warm up. Care to join me?"
"What?"
At that moment, a bunch of Knives flew at me. I drew my sword and was able to dispatch them.
"You dare challenge me, housemaid? Prepare yourself." I said and lunge forward and to slash her. She vanished as I slashed her.
"Don't fool yourself Gardener. You are strong but you lack accuracy."
She appeared behind me and threw me with two more knives at me. I dodge one but the other one grazed my legs. I send a slash wave at her but she dodge it and threw more knives at me.
"Myon! Fire!" I yelled to my ghost side as I knock off more knives before they hit me.
Myon fired bullets right at Sakuya. She dodge it once again like I knew she would. I dashed right at her and slashed. Sakuya was able to dodge but barely. A piece of her hair fell to the ground along with a few drop of blood.
"Fufu...Nicely done. You actually caught me offguard. But now, play time is over." She said as her eyes glowed red.
"Do not mock me, housemaid." I said as I started to charge energy into my sword.
"Fine then, let's get serious."
Sakuya vanish. I knew what she was trying to do. She was about to use her spell card, but I'm prepared.
"Myon,now!"
Myon formed into an illusion of me and at that moment a barrage of knives surrounded us. It flew right at us at top speed but with Myon being able to copy my every move we were able to slash the knives down.
"You fell right for it"
Sakuya appeared right at me, knives drawn and ready to slash.
"No, you fell right for my trap."
Right before Sakuya was about to slash, Myon's illusion disappeared and I was behind Sakuya.
"Meditation Slash!"
She turned around as I slash at her with my fully charged sword. She tried to block it but the impact was too strong. I broke her defense and my attack made a direct hit but she was able to throw a knife right at me. It got me right on my waist and barely missed my vitals but it was no use. I have won this round. As my attack hit the ground, a crater formed.
I held back my powers during the attack so Sakuya wasn't dead but was still hurt.
"It seems that tonight, victory goes to you." Sakuya said, "But don't get to cocky. I will challenge you again another time."
She starts to leave.
"I'll await your challenge, anytime and anywhere." I reply.
"I'll look forward to that then" she said with out turning and left.
After that, I got up to leave but it turns out the knife that had pierce me has did more damage then I thought. I could not fly so I had to walk.
Now all that I have gotten that situation out of the way I have to focus on my mission,get to lady Yukari's home and solve the mystery of the red moon.I just hope the knife wouldn't leave a scar through...

Okay, first of all, my newspaper is not full of lies. Okay so it has a few but come on! Everybody does it in the human world too. So I made one little fib, or two, or three or twenty-five, but it was all for the good of my newspaper. Have you seen the other ones that tell the truth? They get nothing, no rating or readers. Nada,zip,zero,none. My newspaper, The Bunbunmaru newspaper, is only popular because of the stories which some I make up and some that I...err...Well okay the entire paper is made up stories. Happy now?

"Aya Shameimaru, do you have any last words before I turn you into a roast and serve it to my mistress?" Sakuya asked coldly, knives in her hands.

"Miss Sakuya, please understand! I was just trying to make a living and I was only trying to get my newspaper to sell! I meant no harm! Honestly!"

About a dozen knives flew right at me and gazed me, landing right on the tree of where I was cornered.

"The next one are not going to miss, so prepare yourself."

"Why me..." I cried.

Why is this misfortune happening to me? Well, it all started a few hours back...So anyway, I needed a new topic for my newspaper. Something interesting,something amazing but I had nothing. Its one those times that every news report have to deal with now and then. It was about 6:00 PM and the sun was setting. I was flying around Gensokyo trying to look for something interesting that I could right about. After an hour, I almost gave up. But then I saw it. The moon, it was blood red. It was what you could say, a sign. At that moment my genius brain got to work and in no time I had it. The moon was blood red, or scarlet. Scarlet means Scarlet Devil Manor, leading to the owner Remilia Scarlet. Remilia Scarlet is a vampire and vampires are one of the most talked about things now a days in Gensokyo!

"That's it! I'll write a report about how a vampire defeated Reimu Hakurei! Genius! Pure genius!" I said to myself. Sometimes I'm so smart it even surprise me. But I knew that I can't just randomly take any vampires since there is not much vampires in Gensokyo and most of them never really won against the shrine maiden. I can't use Remilia cause everyone knew that she lost to Reimu so many times it not even funny anymore and Flandre is...Flandre never even go out of SDM at all so theres no story for her either. Then, a miracle happen. I was flying above a lake that was full of blood and I saw a girl. She had large purple bat-like wings also and look exactly like a vampire. I decided to interview her.

"Hi!"

She jumped and turned around.

"Who...who are you? What are you doing here?"

"My name is Aya Shameimaru and I come to ask if I could interview you."

"Me? Well...I never got interviewed before but...I guess I could answer a few questions."

"Uh-huh, very interesting" I said while jotting down a few notes.

"First, are you a vampire?"

"Yes I am, but I prefer to be called a vampiress."

"Perfect. Whats your name?"

"My names Kurumi. I'm the guardian of this lake here."

"Hmmm...interesting...tell me, do you know who Reimu Hakurei is?"She became dead silence.

"Yes...Yes I do..." she said bitterly.

"What's wrong?" I asked

"She was...the girl that defeated me and almost made me lost my job. I couldn't stop her, twice."

"Yikes, that sounds horrible."

"She came out of nowhere and...and...I don't even wanna talk about it."

"I see. Thank you for your time Ms.Kurumi. I'll be off now, bye bye!"

"Oh, Bye!"

After that I got to work. This Kurumi was perfect. She was a vampire, nobody knows about her and she is a perfect subject. It took a few hours to make the story and print it but soon, it was done.

"My genius story is now ready to be sent all over Gensokyo. I'm such a genius, I should actually deserve a medal. Hahahahaha!"

"Ummm...miss Aya." My subordinate, Momizi Inubashiri said.

"What is it Momi?"

"I...I don't think it's a good idea of sell this. It...its just a bit extreme. We may...we may get in trouble..." she replied nerviously.

"Oh posh. Don't worry about it! It's just a story. No one's going to get hurt and we get more popular then ever. We're also helping this Kurumi girl too so it's like...err...it's like doing three great thing at once, or something like that."

"Yeah...but...but..." she reply.

"No buts. Besides, I'm the genius newspaper reporter here so what I say goes."

"If...if you say so miss Aya."

So after the news was out, it was almost sold out. Wow! I could not believe it myself. I was about to go home after and celebrate by going to Mystia's stand for some eel and sake with Momi since she did help me with printing the news when suddenly I ran into Sakuya Izayoi.

"Hello Aya Shameimaru." She said.She looked a bit beat up as if she were in a fight.

"He...hello miss Sakuya. Is there something wrong?"

"Ah yes, there is. You see, my mistress has read your newspaper and she was, you could say, shocked. Some vampire by the name of Kurumi seems to have became the top vampire in Gensokyo."

"I...I see" I said, a bit nervous.

"So because of that, I was forced to come out here during my break and take care of her."

"Ummm...sounds great. Is there anyway I could help." I bloated out. This was one of the sentence I regret saying.

"Yes, in fact, I was looking for you."

"Rea...really?! I...ahh...I'm sure you were." Sweat rolled down my head from a combination of fear and nervousness.

"You said that you saw the fight between Kurumi and Reimu Hakurei. I want to ask you for the details about the fight. This is so I could be prepare when I fight her. Please tell me everything."

I had to think of something fast.

"Well...err...during the fight, Reimu...err...threw amulets and tags at Kurumi see but what happen was that...aaahh...Kurumi was able to dodge the and she was able to counter attack with...ummm...you know, it's been such a long time. I seem to have forgot what happen. I'm sorry." I said.

"Really?" She said in a cold voice, "Well...I think you're lying."

"Glup! Wha...What makes you say that?" I asked.A knife few right past me, gazing my face.

"Why don't you be a good girl, and tell me the truth. Or...we could do this the hard way." She said in a voice that chilled the back of my spin and pulled out some more knives.

"Sa...Ms. Sakuya, lets not get violent, please?"She put a knife right on my neck.

"Violent? I haven't even begin to start yet..."

After that, the rest was a painful history and here is where we are now. I'm cornered at a tree and is being use for target practice.

"Making me go all the way out here."She threw a knife that barely missed my chest,

"Making my mistress angry" she threw another that landed right next to my arm, grazing it,

"And stopping me from getting a rest." She threw two more knives.

One landed right next to head, cutting some of my hair and one landing between my legs.

"Give me a reason why I should not rip you apart limb by limb and give your parts to Flandre as a new toy. You have ten seconds."

"Well, I..."

"One"

"I can..."

"Two"

"Give me..."

"Seven"

"Wait, you skip some..."

"Nine""No, no..."

"Ten!"She threw a knife that was going straight to my face.

"WAIT! I'LL DO ANYTHING YOU SAY!!" I screamed with my eyes closed.I waited for the painful piercing of the knife going right to my face, but nothing happen. I peeked and saw the knife, frozen in mid-air, right in between my eyes. I nearly fainted.

"Anything right?" She asked

"Yes, anything. Just please...no more knives." I said weakly.

"Good then. You shall right a new story, putting my mistress back on top."

"Yes,yes. Will do ma'am."She took the knife away.

I gave a breath of relief. She then held it at me once again and whispered,"If I ever catch you writing story that makes my mistress angry again,next time, I will serve you on a dish. Understood me, Aya Shameimaru?"

"Yes...ma'am...I...I won't do it again. I promise." I said, terrified.

Now I know who a bird fells like when it barely escaped a cat.

"Now, come. You are to make a new story, and you're going to be working at SDM for a month."

"Eeeehh!? Wha...what? Wh...why?" I said in shock.In response, a knife flew and landed right abovemy head."Community service ri...Right? I got it ma'am..." I said, nearly wetting myself.After that, I had to go back to rewrite a new story and published it. I then had to go to SDM(and so did Momi. At first she protested but...well, Sakuya had a way to stop her from asking questions and I had to send out all the newspaper. It was one of the worse night of my life.I think tonight, I learned a lesson. Never get your idea from a moon that is the color of blood. It will only get you in trouble. I think Momi was right from the start, maybe I should have listen to her.

"I...I told you this would happen Aya. I to...told you." She said, almost crying.

"Shut up Momi. You think I wanted this to happen."

I blamed the blood red moon for this. Curse you evil red moon...

As the night got later, the blood red moon started to get darker and redder. Momizi Inubashiri, the white wolf tengu and subordinate of Aya Shameimaru, had once again got dragged in to Aya's trouble.
"W-wait. Yo-you can't do that!" Momizi said
"I can't? Why don't you give me four reasons why I can't" Sakuya replied coldly.
Momizi flinched, but was able to retort.
"We-Well for one thing, we didn't do anything wrong. Two, w-we were only speaking our opinions and telling everyone what we think.Th-three, we have the right to freedom of post and speech. And four, you don't hav-have any right to make us work for you. We could su-sue you, you kn-"
Sakuya kicked Momizi in the stomach with an inhuman force and impact caused her to fly back and crash into a rock.
"Momi!" Aya screamed and turn to Sakuya,"What are yo-"
Sakuya punched Aya in the stomach. Aya gasped for air and dropped to her knees.
"Wha-"
"Trash like you are the reason why I'm always busy and never get a rest." She said cruelly.
Sakuya walked over to Momizi, her eyes glowing red, and picked the wolf Tengu by her neck.
Momizi struggle to get free.
"W-what are-" She stuggled
A evil grin sweeped over Sakuya's face and she tighten her grip.
"Trash must be eliminated and destoryed."
"A-a-....Plea...sto...p..." Momizi gasped as Sakuya tighten her grip even more.
Then a gust of wind blew toward the maid, causing her to release Momizi. Aya caught flew to her and caught her subordinate.
"Momi! Are you alright?" Aya asked.
"M...miss Aya, tha-thank you." Momi said.
"Lets get out of here! That maid has gone mad."
"R...right"
As Aya and Momizi tried to run away, Sakuya started to laugh manically. Her laugh chilled the two to the back of their spine.
"Useless trash. You can not escape from me!" the maid said.
"What is wrong with her? It seem she finally lost it!" Aya implied.
Sakuya vanish.
"L...look! she's gone!"
"Who cares! We have to get out of here pronto!"
A knife stabbed Aya's right leg and caused her to fell along with Momizi.
Aya held her leg in pain.
"Ow! What the-" she said painfully
"Mi...Miss Aya!"
Sakuya appeared in front of the two tengus. Momizi drew out her sword.
"W...why are you doing this! W-we already apologized s...so why are you hurting us?!" She said in a mixed tone of both anger and fear.
Sakuya Smirked, her eyes glowing blood red.
A knife flew past Momizi's arm, grazing but left a deep cut, caused her to drop her blade.
"I have no reason to talk to trash" Sakuya said as she kicked Momizi causing her to fly back next to Aya.
"Now perish."
The tengus were then surrounded by knives which were aimed and ready to fly toward them. Sakuya laugh manically and gave the signal for the knives to move. Momizi shield Aya's body as a when the barrage of knives were just about to impale the two.
"Momi!" Aya cried.
The knives were let loose and flew toward the them but then when it was about to hit their target it froze. Sakuya's face turned pale and she dropped to her knees, helding her head.
"A....ahhh...My head..." She said painfully.
The two tengus opened their eyes and saw the maid in pain.
"W..What's ha...happening to her?" Momizi asked
"Who care's Momi, but nows our chance!" Aya replied
"Ar...are we going to counterattack?"
"No, you dummy! This would be perfect story for our newpaper!"
"W...Wha?"
"I can see it now!Breaking news!Aya Shameimaru (and her helper), wiped the floor with the out of control Scarlet Devil maid. Gensokyo was saved thanks to her (and helper)!"
"Mi..miss Aya..."
"It'll be our next best story! I'm a genius Momi! Hahahahaha!!!"
"I th...think we should focus on getting ou...out of here right now."
"You never were much of a helper you know that Momi. We have a chance now to get a great story and you're thinking about running away? Shame on you!"
"We...Well at least I'm thinking ab...about our lives!"
"What are you talking about?! You know getting stories are more important than our liv-"
Sakuya unleashed a bloodthirsty and painful cry, causing the two tengus to jump.
"On second thought..." Aya said.
Sakuya howled in pain and ran away from sight.
The girls watched silently as the maid disappear from their sight.
Aya broked the silence.
"Well, looks like I solved that problem."
Momizi glared at her.
"Okay,okay."We" solved that problem. Now, what say we go to Mystia's and drink until we forget what happen. What do you say? Eh?"
Momizi,could not contain her rage any longer,exploded.
"Wh...WHAT?! WE ALMOST GOT KI..KILLED AND YOU'RE STILL THI...THINKING ABOUT DRINKING?! IT WAS ALL YO..YOUR FAULT! IF YOU JUST LI...LISTEN TO ME FOR ONCE, THESE THI...THINGS WOULDN'T HAVE HAPPEN!" Momizi screamed at Aya enraged.
"Okay! Calm down! It's not like we actually died or anything so why you getting so angry for? Besides, it's not like you're paying for the drinks."
"Ye...yes I am. You're going to run aw...away after you had enough make me pa...pay for all the drinks,li...like you always do." "Whatever. Let's go"

Aya stand up, only to fall down and started screaming in pain while holding her right leg.
"Ooow! I forgot that I got stabbed. I can't even walk now." She complained, and turned to Momizi with a grin.
"Wa...wait what? I'm not ca...carrying you! Can't you fl...fly?"
"Well I could but I'm still injured. Besides I saved your doggy behind so move it!"
Momizi sighed.
"I...if it wasn't for that pro...promise I made, I would have been free and happy." She said as she hosted Aya onto her back.She grunted and struggle to hold her friend up."Mi...miss Aya, you got to stop ea...eating so much..."
"How rude. Either do it without complaining or don't do it at all."
"You say that but you're still making me carry you" Momizi said under her breath.
"Now! To Mystia's stand! March!" Aya commended and slapped Momizi butt. The wolf tengu jumped.
"I...I'm not your horse! Do...don't do that!!"
"Whatever! Now move already."
Momizi grunted and started to move. After a few steps, Momizi stopped and dropped Aya on the drop with a thump.
"Ow, Momi why did you do that? Geez, what is wrong with you?" Aya said while rubbing her sore behind.
Momizi fell to her knees and grabbed her head. Aya noticed and went over to her.
"Momi, what’s wrong?"
"My head...it...it..." she said painfully.
"What are you doing? Get a hold of yourself!"
"St...stay away...I...I can't..."
She swung her arm and knocked Aya back away from her.
"Momi! What is wrong with you!?"
"A....hel...help...me!" Momizi cried.
From a distance came sound of a bell from a clock tower. It rang marking that it was midnight. It inaudible at first but it soon grew louder and louder until even the two tengus can hear it.
Upon hearing the bell Momizi screamed in pain while holding her head. Her eyes began to turn blood red and her fangs grew.
“What's going on?" Aya asked in fear.
She watched as her friend fell to the ground with all four in pain. Momizi’s nails grew until they became claws and she grew larger by the minute until her clothes were shredded. After her transformation she got up on two feet and howled at the moon, a bone chilling howl of anger, despair and pain. Aya struggle to get up but because of the wound from the knife she winced in pain and could not fully stand. She tried to get closer to her friend who was whimpering, like a dog who had been thrown out of its home.
“Momi….” Aya said nervously, reaching out to touch her friend.
Momizi jolted and slash at her like a wild animal. Aya’s jumped back and fell.
A dark red liquid gusted out of her chest.
“Wha…”She said dumbstruck as held her chest painfully. She looked down at her hand, covered in blood and coughed.
“Momi…why…”
More blood gusted out. Aya entire body fell on to the ground while clasping her chest. The last thing she was able to see was Momizi standing in front of her, blood dripping from her claws and eyes glowing deep red, and the blood red moon which seemed to be hovering over her friend, like it was controlling her. It may have been because of her wound but she swore she could see a grin on the tainted moon. A evil grin, one of like a death god, taunting her,laughing at her pain and despair.
“Mo...mi....” Aya blacked out.
"What?!" Fujiwara no Mokou said,enraged. She clutched her fist, her eyes were filled with anger and fire burst out of her. The bamboos behind her was caught and incinerated in a matter if seconds.
"Miss.Mokou, I understand your anger but please do not destory the forest" a rabbit told her nerviously.
"Silence! Or I shall turn you into ashes!" Mokou threaten.
The rabbit jumped and ran behind a bamboo tree.
"I am just a mere messenger for princess Kaguya. Please have mercy and spare my life" it begged.
"That vile women. She would steep to as low as this?! I will burn her until there would not thing left, not even a speck of ash!" Mokou scream as she flared up. All the bamboo around her turned into black soot and the messenger rabbit hopped away as fast as its legs could carry is with it's tail on fire.
After that her anger begin to subside.
"No...this...this is what she is trying to do. That foul princess is trying to get me angry, so I would waste all my energy." Mokou said calmly.
"She has always done something to get on my nerves but tonight,this is the last straw. To mess with one of my friend is to mess with me. Kaguya, you want a fight, well I'll give you one."
Fujiwara no Mokou flew through the forest toward Eientei. She flew as fast as she could and was still enraged, causing all the bamboo tree and everything that she came in contact to catch on fire leaving a trail of charcoals,ashes,and soot .
"Keine, wait for me. I'll save you, one way or another."
After a while she finally was able to reach Eientei, and outside she saw Eirin Yagokoro and next to her, Kaguya Houraisan. Eirin was standing calmly next to her mistress and Kaguya smiled as Mokou arrived. Mokou loosen a wave of fire as she landed which was directed mostly toward Kaguya. The fire wave disappeared right when it was about to touch the lunar princess and the other waves spreaded out, burning more bamboo trees.
"Fujiwara no Mokou, even after a thousand years and you're still so dramatic" Kaguya teased.
"No more games, moon witch. You have a friend of mine in your custody and I want her back. Now!" Mokou said in a angry voice as she flared up.
"Tsk,tsk,tsk, always so impatience and rude as ever. Will you turn off that wretched heat? Your little fire is making me sweat and is going to give me a sunburn" She said wiping her head.
"You're going to have more then just a sunburn when I'm through with you" Mokou retorted.
"Would you like a cold drink, princess?" Eirin asked as she handed Kaguya a cup of cold water.
"Why, thank you Eirin. You have always been so kind, unlike some people." Kaguya answered.
Mokou snapped and she shot a fireball toward Kaguya.
"Burn!" Mokou scream as she fired it toward her hated rival.
Without even have to stop drinking or look away from her cold drink Kaguya raised her hand at where the fireball was fired toward and it vanish.
"You're going to need more then that to harm me, dear Mokou. But why should we resort to violence? Come! Let's both sit down, have a nice cup of tea and enjoy the view of the beautiful red moon." Kaguya suggested and she turn toward the blood red moon."Such a beautiful sight is pretty rare and it would be a shame to miss it."
"Heh,the only beautiful sight I want to see is your corpse being burn to ashes by my flame, Kaguya." Mokou spatted.
The lunar princess begin to get frustrated.
"I guess you would never understand anything. You have always been a violent person and I guess you always will be." Kaguya sighed.
"Enough talk Kaguya. No matter what you say, my only desire is to see you incinerate into nothingness."
"I see. Then let's make tonight's fight one to remember. Eirin, would you please?"
"Yes, princess Kaguya. I understood." Eirin replied.
Eirin stepped away from Kaguya and Mokou and clapped three times. The ground shook like as if there was an earthquake causing Mokou to lose her balance.
"A trap!?What foul deed have you done lunar witch!?" Mokou scream.
"A trap? Oh no, not tonight. I plan to savior this moment so I don't think I shall resort to such tactics." Kaguya said calmly.
The ground splitted and lights appeared out of the ground around the two girls. When it was finally over Mokou struggle to regain her balance. See looked around and saw what seems to be a type of force field.
"What is this!? What have you done?" She demended.
"Calm down Mokou. This is not thing more just barrier to keep either one of us from escaping."
Kaguya said.
"It is a special lunarian beast cage. It is usually used for hunting and capturing challenging creatures. Coated with five layers of magic and as hard as diamond materials, it is impossible to break or get out unless the user closes it." Eirin told Mokou.
"So in other words, it'll just be you and me Kaguya. Heh, I think I'll enjoy this." Mokou grinned.
Kaguya snickered.
"You seem pretty confident,Mokou. How about this? I give you a head start. You can try to hit me all you want for an hour. It is around 11 PM right now so you have until midnight. You better give it your best shot" She said.
"Don't mock me!!" Mokou scream and flared on. Her entire body was engulfed in flame and she charged toward Kaguya. Kaguya nimbly dodge it without much effort.
"Like a wild animal."
Mokou turned and sent out streams of flame toward Kaguya. Kaguya waved her hands and made the vanish but Mokou charged right toward her.
"Got you now, Kaguya!"
Kaguya smiled and vanish right before Mokou was about to hit,causing her to miss once again. Mokou rage begin to increase by the minute, causing her fire to grow. Kaguya appeared behind her.
"Silly Mokou, if you keep using those raged filled attacks you'll never be able to touch me, less hit me." She giggled.
Mokou turned around and punched Kaguya right in her face with a fist of fire. Kaguya vanish as she hit her target.
"Dammit! Stop messing with me!!" Mokou scream.
She punch the ground with all her might causing her fist to make a hole. A pillar of fire burst out from the ground in front of Kaguya. Kaguya let loose a surprise as she moved back but another pillar of fire burst out from behind her.
"What's this?" Kaguya said in shocked as more fire pillars burst out of the ground, surrounding and trapping her.
"Looks I finally caught you. How do you like my phoenix flame cage?" Mokou grinned.
"Ah yes, it is pretty astonishing but I fear for my skin. Now would you please? You're going to damage my perfectly beautiful skin."
"You're going to have to worry about more then just your skin! Burn!!"
Mokou smashed the ground with both her hand and caused a crater at where she had hit. At that moment, a gigantic torrent of flame appeared underneath Kaguya and engulfed her. Everything near it was incinerated and the ground turned black. "Looks like victory belong to me, Lunar witch. Lets see how you like having even your bones incinerated to nothingness!" Mokou laughed.

"Ah, my poor skin. Mokou, you are so mean. Now perfect skin is ruin." Came a mocking voice from inside the flame.
Mokou eyes widen in disbelief.
"Im...impossible!" she said as Kaguya blew away the torrent of fire and appeared unharmed with only her clothes scorched.
"Look at this! My clothes is ruin too, and this is my favorite pair." She complained.
"How...how are you able to survive my attack?!" Mokou said in shock.
"Huh? Oh that? It was nothing, but I got to say Mokou, I was impressed. Looks like you're the only one who have ever been my match and I'm proud to call you my rival." Kaguya said smiling.
"This...this can't be. How?!" Mokou looked and saw a red jewel like sphere floated in the air, next to Kaguya.
"Thats...the robe of the fire rat..." Mokou thought to her self, enraged." I have forgotten about that, it is no wonder my fire attacks have no affect."
Kaguya seemed to have been able to red Mokou's thought.
"It seems the jig is up. Looks like you finally notice one of my five impossible request items, the robe of the fire rat. I think I remember giving one of the request to your father, who was suppose to retrieve the Jeweled Branch of Hourai, and fail horribly."
Mokou flinched.
"He was such a pathetic person. He had fail, yet he still had the guts to ask for my hand. It was hilarious and he was truly the most stupidest man I have ever met."
"DON'T YOU DARE TALK ABOUT MY FATHER!!!" Mokou scream in rage and charge toward Kaguya.
Kaguya dodge it with ease.
"He was such a loser. You should have seen his face when I turned him down. I was literally dieing of laughter when I saw it"
Mokou did a fire engulfed kick at Kaguya's face. Kaguya ducked and kept dodging when Mokou tried to punch her.
"It made my day when I saw him cried after I rejected him. I still remember how hard I laugh when he started to beg me."
"SHUT UP!!!!" Mokou screamed as she unleashed a blast of flame toward Kaguya. It disappeared as soon as it got close to her.
"But I guess like father, like daughter. You are both so pathetic, its not even funny." Kaguya sighed.
Mokou screamed in rage as she jumped into the air. She release every last bit of her fire power. A body of what seems to be a phoenix formed as Mokou released her fire.
"BURN IN HELL!! PHOENIX REBIRTH!!"
Mokou, now completely covered in flame in the shape of a fire bird that nearly covered the entire battlefield of where she and her rival were fighting, dived down toward Kaguya.
"Hmmm, it seems not even my robe of the fire fox maybe able to block this. But it don't matter, it looks like it is five seconds from midnight."
Kaguya started to count down from five as Mokou came dove down.
"5,4,3,2...one."
Mokou was about half way toward Kaguya when a bell from a clock tower was heard. She flinched and her spell dispersed.
"What?!" Mokou said in shocked, as she fell down to the ground.
"Looks like playtime is over Mokou. Tonight shall be the night we say farewell, forever." Kaguya said, as she jolted upward into the air toward Mokou.
"Wha..." Mokou said, as Kaguya punched her right in the stomach in mid-air, sending her flying at top speed toward the barrier.
She smashed into it with a huge impact, causing her to cough out blood, and fell to the ground.
"So Mokou, how does it fell to be a weak normal human again?" Kaguya said, floating in the air and in her hand a white fireball.
Mokou struggle on to her feet. She felt weak all over and saw Kaguya in the air.
"My power...what...what have you done you foul lunar witch." Mokou said as she fell to her knee, barely able to stand.
"All is according to plan. Tonight,as I said, would be a night to remember. The night of the death of Fujiwara No Mokou."
Mokou's eye widen. She had a feeling she had never felt before, the feeling of fear.
The tainted blood red moon, became darker and redder, shone at the area where the two girl were, dying the ground a sicken blood red. 
Signals and transmissions were said to have been sent out to every last Lunarian being, including me, since this morning. My people have always dreaded this day and I have heard about the horror during those time. The earth rabbits had all been acting strange too, not that it would be a surprise, but the medicine seem to have taken effect and most of them have already calmed down. A half an hour till midnight, I decided to go for a walk since I knew that princess Kaguya would be busy with her...plans and I don't want to be caught in it or get burn. The red moon, or as my people call it the Cruorem lupus luna,
had been around since long ago at the time of the Lunarian control. I have heard many stories about it and how every one thousand years it appears and manipulates all the waves on the moon and even the waves on earth, causing insanity to all, especially the ones that have more powerful wave and those who have weak mind and control. I looked upon the tainted moon as I walked through the bamboo forest of lost.
"Be it a curse or be it a gift, it still only means one thing. Fear..." I muttered.
"To know fear is to know one self" said a voice from behind me.
I turned around and saw a purple hair girl. She was dressed in what seems to be pajama-like clothing, a night-cap and in her hand was a book.
"Reisen, I presume?" She asked
"Who wants to know?" I replied
"I am Patchouli Knowledge of Scarlet Devil Manor, and I seek to ask a question from you"
"Out of all the people in Gensokyo you have chosen me? I am flattered."
"That is because of all of Gensokyo, you're one of the few Lunarian beings I can find."
"Ah, so you seek to ask me a question because I'm from the moon?"
"That would be the one of the reasons. The question is regarding the blood red moon that is in the sky tonight."
I raised an eyebrow.
"Ah, so you notice. I am surprise that someone in Gensokyo actually notice it"
"Yes, I seek to know what is going on. The moon tonight is a hunter’s moon and it is August, the night of the corn moon. This is unnatural and I want to know the answer to this phenomenon.”
I sighed.
“Well, I guess you could say it’s a type of curse.” I replied.
“A…curse? I don’t understand.” She asked, puzzled.
“I’m not really surprise. You’re an earthian, so I doubt you would know anything about the moon and its history. It doesn’t matter to me, since I never cared much about our history either.”
“Earthian? You didn’t just make that up did you?”
“Ummm…okay, I kind of did, but you get the idea.”
“Are you going to tell me about the blood red moon or not?” She asked, frustrated.
I snickered.
“Maybe I will, maybe I won’t but how about this? I’ll tell you all I know, if you have a match with me.”
“You want me to spar with you?” She asked.
“Yes. Tonight, I feel the desire to fight. Beat me, I’ll tell you what I know. Lose…well…we’ll talk about that after I win.”
“Interesting…”
“Besides, I have heard about you. You’re skilled with elemental magic and I want to see it for myself.” I told her.
“So be it. If I must defeat you to get the knowledge I need, then I guess I have no choice.” Said replied and bought the book she was holding up toward her face.
“Let us begin.” I said, my eyes glowing.
She flipped open her book and mutter some words I was not able to hear. Launched Out of her hand appeared what seem to be balls of fire.
“Whoa!” I shouted as I dodge it.
It flew past me but it turned around and came after me again.
“Those are homing fireball, you can not dodge it.” She told me as she launch more out of her hand.
“Ah, so this is elemental magic.” I said while trying to avoid getting hit, “First time I saw it, didn’t think it would be this…interesting.”
As the fireballs came toward me, I manipulated the waves around me. This causes me to disappear from sight.
“Invisibility?” Patchouli said and smiled, “That’s not going to help.”
“What?” I said in surprise as the fireballs still followed me.
As I tried to dodge it, I didn’t notice two more came toward me from the back. I lose control of the waves and reappeared. More fireballs flew towards me as I tried to shield myself but it had little effect as the fireball exploded upon touching me. After the wave of fireballs, I feel to my knee, half burned, in pain and held on to my left arm which had taken the most damage since I had use it as my main shield.
“So…so this is the power of, ugh…your elemental magic.” I said as I stood up.
“This is only five percent. Be prepared for more.” She told me.
I laughed.
“Looks like I was right, this is going to be fun!”
Manipulating more waves, I created illusions of myself and dash toward Patchouli. As she muttered some more words, four shards appeared in her hands and she threw them. It enlarged and flew at high speed right toward us. It hit my illusions but I was able get behind her and did front kick at her back. She let out a yelp and loses her focus. I saw my chance and rushed her, striking her with punches and kicks. She was not able to cast any spell since I was hitting her at every direction at high speed along with my illusions, causing her to be only able to block.
“If I don’t give you time, then you won’t be able to cast any spells. That is your weakness!” I said while attacking her.
She gritted her teeth and started to mutter more spells. I knew she was going to use another spell and I was about to stop her but she finish before I was able to land a hit. Her spell knocked me and my illusions away from her, causing us to fly backwards. I crashed into a bamboo tree and this cause me to lose control of the waves yet again. She wasted no time as she countered with waves of fireballs, shards and what seem to be bubbles toward me at high speed. Unable to dodge or move I took the attacks. The pain was intense, as I almost lost conscious but after the first wave more came toward me. I screamed in pain as more and more hit me. After it finally subsided, I fell to the ground and defeated. I tried to move my hand and get up but I collapse and was completely immobilized. Patchouli walked over to me, panting and wiping the blood off her face.
“It seems I won.” She said.
“I guessed you did.” I said smiling, “I haven’t had a fight like this for a while. Next time, why don’t we go all out?”
“Are you sure? I won’t take it easy one you if we do.” She smiled.
“Take it easy on me?” I laughed,”I was the one that went easy on you.”
“Tell that to my aching body. But now that I won, tell me everything you know about the unnatural red moon.”
“Guess you can’t wait, can you? Okay then. Tell me, have you ever heard about the curse of the wolves?”
“Curse of the wolves? You mean, like lycanthropy?” She asked in wonder.
“Close enough. Let me tell you about the Lunarian history.” I told her. Her eyes widen. Then, from a distance came the sound of a bell which marked midnight. It grew louder and louder. Along with it, the blood red moon grew redder and redder with each ring.
“So let me see if I can get this straight. You want me, the great and amazing Yukari Yakumo, to help you make more of, what is this?” My master said, as she looked at a vial of silvery liquid.
“Yes. I beg of you, lady Yukari. Tonight is the night of the curse moon, the Cruorem lupus luna, and if you would not help; Gensokyo might be in chaos.” A Woman with a long silver braid and blue and red clothing said.
“Interesting, I have heard about that moon how it appears every one thousand years causing havoc and chaos on the moon. But you are saying it is going to affect the earth too? I don’t know, I kind of want to see the effect and chaos it will cause.” Yukari said in a mischievous tone.
“Master! Please be serious. If something like this happens it would be catastrophic. We can not refuse this request.” I said.
“Silence Ran! No one has ask for you opinion and how dare you talk to me like that.” She said angrily.
I backed down.
“Forgive me, my master.” I said.
“Tsk, Shikigamis should know their place. Now, Eirin Yagokoro, out of all the people in Gensokyo, why do you ask me of this request? Could it because of my brilliance and beauty or my charisma and charms?”
I coughed. Yukari looked at me with eyes that could kill.
“Is there something you want to say, Ran?” She said as a tiny portal appeared under my foot.
It was like a black hole, sucking my foot in and caused me to be immobilized.
“N…no master. Forgive me; there was something in my throat.”
“Good, now get out of my sight!” She screamed,”there’s more then enough dirty dishes and clothes for you to take care of.”
The portal disappeared and I was released. I walked out of the room and closed the door behind me. I gave a sigh of relief and walked away.
“The reason is because you are the only one able to get the ingredients for this potion. The princess is ready to offer any price in return of your favor.” Was the last thing I heard.
“Big mistake, saying you would offer anything to master Yukari.” I said to myself, giggling.
Although I have never heard about the curse moon this Eirin person said, she doesn’t seem to be lying. But what she had said about the effects of it makes me worry but what worry me even more is if my master decline.
“Master Ran!!” A voice came from behind.
I turned around and saw my shikigami Chen running towards me.
“Chen, what’s wrong?”
“There’s some weird girl outside and she’s picking on me! She hit me on the head with a hammer” She cried.
“There, there,” I said rubbing her head, “Where is this girl?”
“She’s outside in the yard, over there”
“It’ll be alright, I’ll take care of this.”
I walked to the yard to confront this “weird girl” that Chen said. I looked around but saw no one. But then I heard a rustle from the bush and I walked toward it. Halfway there, I didn’t notice a rope trap and was hoisted up; caught like an animal in a trap.
“What’s going on here? Who did this? Let me down!” I said as I struggle to get out.
A snickering came from the bushes.
“Check it out Reisen, it worked. I’m such a genius!” A girl with rabbit ears said as she got out of the bushes.
“But Tewi, I think we better release her now.” Another girl with rabbit ear replied.
“You always take the fun out of everything. That’s why all the other rabbits try to get away from you.” Tewi said.
“I am fun! I’m the most fun person in all of Eientei! In fact, my middle name is fun!” Reisen said, steamed up.
“Whatever Reisen, you just took the fun out of the conversation right now.”
“No I did not! In fact, I…uhh…I’m making it more fun!”
“I’m sorry to interrupt your conversation but can one of you please help me down?” I said.
“Oh, I am terribly sorry. I’ll get you down right now.” Reisen said.
“No! Don’t do that! See, you’re killing all the fun again!”
“What? But what fun is this? We have to help her!”
“But if you help her it won’t be any fun!”
“But we’ll get in trouble. We can’t just leave her hanging there!”
“Yes we can!”
“No we can’t!”
“I don’t care what, just get me down already!” I screamed.
“Look, let’s just leave before…” Tewi said, ignoring me.
“Before what?” An angry voice said.
Eirin stood behind the two rabbit girls. She was smiling but I could felt her anger pouring out. The two girls turn around slowly.
“Oh…uhh…Hi teacher. We were just, uhh, helping her down.” Reisen said nervously.
“Reisen did it” Tewi said.
“Wha!? No, wait, she’s lying!”
“It seems I can’t leave you girls along for even a second.” Eirin said, rolling up her sleeves.
After she had finished disciplining the two she turn to master Yukari and bowed.
“Thank you for your help. We appreciate it.” Eirin said.
“No problem, as long as you keep your end of the deal.” My master replied.
“Do not worry; it will be delivered to you tomorrow.”
“Good then. Well, take care!.”
With that Eirin left, dragging two beaten rabbit girls behind her.
“This is entirely your fault.” Reisen said weakly.
“Shut up, fun killer.” Tewi replied sharply.
“No you shut up!” Reisen said as she and Tewi started to hit each other.
“How about, both of you shut up or I’ll throw you both to the netherworld?” Eirin said, smiling.
Both girls stopped and obeyed.
“She’s pretty good at handling her underlings. I think I’m starting to like her.” Master Yukari said.
I laugh nervously.
“That’s great master, but do you mind getting me down?” I said.
“I don’t know, I kinda like you like this; hanging from a tree helplessly.”
“Master, you can’t be serious. Master?”
She started to walk away.
“Wait! Master Yukari! You can’t leave me here! Please wait! MASTER!!!” I was left there for about half an hour until the branch where the rope trap was tied eventually broke.
Yuyuko Saigyouji took a sip from the cup of tea and reached out for a handful of chips. She shoved them into her mouth and chewed.
“Aaaaaah, this taste so good!” She said happily.
“Oi, Yuyuko, don’t eat all of it. They’re expensive and hard to come by.” Yukari Yakumo said, “Or at least save some for me.”
She grabbed a handful herself.
“But they taste so good. It’s hard to eat only one.”
Yuyuko grabbed another handful.
“I must remember to buy ask Youmu to buy some.”
“I don’t think that’s possible. I’m pretty sure they don’t sell Pringles in Gensokyo”
Yuyuko frowned as she grabbed another handful.
“Really if you keep eating like this you’re going to be fat.” Yukari teased as she took a sip of her tea.
“Well I’ll have you know I just joined the Gensokyo get-slim total fitness club. They say I’m one of their best!” Yuyuko retorted.
“You sure it’s not because they’re afraid you’ll eat them?” Yukari said and burst out laughing.
“Stop making fun of me Yukari! They really did, they really did!”
“Okay, okay,” Yukari said, wiping a tear from her eye, “Anyway you understand now, right?”
Yuyuko stopped eating and took a sip from her tea.
“Yes I understand. It seems that is why the moon tonight is the color of blood. I don’t now much about it but the way you describe it, it could be troublesome.”
“It was something like that. I think that was what that woman, Eirin Yagokoro was it, told me anyway. I was just repeating what I heard, or something close to that.”
“But if the red moon is to affect even Gensokyo then it would probably be most catastrophic. What I fear most is Sikieiki Yamaxanadu getting angry and yelling at me again.”
Yukari snickered.
“That woman is so small and flat but she has a big mouth, I hate to get lectured by her.”
The two girls laughed and each reached for a handful of chips.
“But do not worry too much. The one that’ll be affected is mostly anyone lunarian descendent or the weak minded ones. That and…” Yukari said.
“Hmmm…I see. I guess I’ll do my best to help you, Yukari.” Yuyuko cheerfully said.
“Thank you. I knew I could count on you.”
“As long as you get me more of these chips then we’ll be even.”
The two laughed.
A scream then came from the front door.
“Get out of my way! I need to talk to lady Yukari and if you insist on stopping me then, URGH!” An angry voice said.
“Please calm down, Ms.Youmu. You’re hurt badly and all I want to do is help.” Another voice said.
“I don’t care. This is only a scratch! I must fulfill my mission, so get out of my way!”
A loud crash came from the front door.
“Gee, your servant sure is dedicated and sure likes to make a scene.” Yukari said as she took a sip from her tea.
Yuyuko Nob.
“Youmu is my best helper and irreplaceable friend. She is always so promising and had never failed me. She is also so much fun to tease.”
“I wish my servant was like that. Ran is okay, except for the fact that she gets on my nerve sometimes.”
The door burst opened. A white haired girl with a sword, and a ghost like creature floating near her was standing behind the open door. She looked badly injured and was holding on to her bottom abdomen in pain as blood dripped from it and landed the floor.
“Lady Yukari, I have come in place of my master to ask you about the…”
She stopped as she saw Yuyuko.
“Hi Youmu.” Yuyuko smiled and waved.
“La…lady Yuyuko. Ho…how did you, URGH!”
Blood spewed out of Youmu’s mouth and she fell unconscious onto the floor.
“Eww! Darn it, I just had Ran cleaned the floor too. Jeez…talk about dedicated.” Yukari said frustrated.
“Well I guess I should give Youmu a rest for now. I think she had a wild night and she deserves a rest.” Yuyuko giggled.
Yukari joined along and they both started to laugh.
The Lunar War had catastrophic effects on Reisen's home, the moon. She was only little when the youkai invaded her home. As refugees of the war, Reisen's family tried to escape from the conflict to a safe place.


Her family managed to make it to a launch pad on the moon- Their plan was to escape to Earth, the Moon was not safe with the marauding youkai everywhere. The launch was a one-way ticket, they would not be able to return when they left. As they were preparing to leave, the youkai advanced on them. They mercilessly bore down on Reisen's family. Her parents bought as much time for Reisen as they could. Her Dad pushed Reisen into the escape capsule. Reisen resisted with tear-stricken denial. She knew what was going to happen, but could not bring herself to accept it. Her Dad stood there unwavering even as the youkai raced towards him. They howled their lust for blood. Reisen's mother stood hand and hand with Reisen's Dad.


They closed their eyes as the hoard reached them.


"We love you Reisen."


The Youkai slaughtered them, the blood of Reisen's parents splattered into her eyes blinding her, the image of her parent's brutal death was the last thing she saw... The escape vehicle's door finally closed and it ejected, leaving Reisen as the only survivor. The vehicle was small and poorly lit. Dull red lights flashed, illuminating Reisen's lone self. Her tears mixed with the blood of her parents as the pod descended to earth...Her parents were gone. When she landed, she exited, walking on unsteady legs.... The footsteps represent her aimless wandering... Her loneliness, her pain, and her desire to find somebody. Anybody.

Her eyes had improved enough for her to see the outlines of people. It was raining out, making it even harder to see. The people she attempted to approach fled. I could imagine her reaching out to the fuzzy objects and yelling "wait!" even as they fled. Blood, rain, and tears covered her face; she was a strange rabbit girl that had fallen out of the sky.


She happened upon Eientei's door step and collapsed. She was drained, both emotionally and physically... Eirin and Kaguya found a unconscious moon rabbit on their doorstep. Concerned, they immediately took her in. Reisen woke up to warm faces that welcomed her. Her eyes had improved and she could see the warm smiles of Eirin and Kaguya. They explained how they found her, they asked questions, and after all that welcomed her as a new member of their family.


The speeding up of the footsteps represents Reisen's hopeless quest finally leading to the light at the end of the tunnel. The explosion at the tunnel represents Reisen's newfound happiness... her new family. I can imagine her enduring Tewi's silly pranks. Explaining to Eirin how the moon had changed since she had left, and spinning thread with Kaguya. I can imagine an scenario where everyone was laughing as Reisen headlocked Tewi for misbehaving.


She was happy again, but she never forgot her parents. Her eyes were now dyed a deep red from the event.

Reisen was sleeping. A contented, happy sleep. She would sleep with a smile on her face as she dreamed about the pleasant experiences with her new family...
The first chime depicts Reisen opening her eyes to an unusually quiet house. There was something wrong… Reisen could feel it in the air. She got out of bed cautiously and walked to her door; she opened it slowly and stepped out...She looked down the hall. she saw a body at the end of the hall, at first she stood there startled, and then ran over to investigate… It was one of the Rabbit inhabitants of Eientai, she wasn’t breathing at all. Something had happened here. Reisen needed to find Eirin, Kaguya, and Tewi. What if they were hurt? Reisen looked down the hall and saw another body, a body she knew… “Tewi!” Reisen screamed. Reisen ran over to Tewi’s unmoving body. She was breathing but wasn’t conscious. Pressure started building in Reisen’s head and her eyes felt hot, tears threatened .


She had to find Eirin and Kaguya... She left Tewi and ran through the halls. She heard a large thump in the next hallway and turned into it. she came face to face with a tall girl. She had her back turned to Reisen, and at her feet Reisen saw a bloodied figure. It wore a distinct blue and red dress. Reisen gasped “Eir-Eirin?” Mokou Fujiwara turned to face Reisen. “You there… tell me where Kaguya Houraisan is” The girl demanded. Reisen felt a humongous pressure building in her head. Her eyes burned hot and her breathing became shallow. Sharp pain drove itself into her eyes and her vision became tinted with red. Reisen burst out and screamed at the ceiling; clutching at her eyes in agony.Unable to continue, Reisen retreated from the physical world. In her mind, Reisen sat in a the corner of a dark room, her head buried to her knees… Nothing remained to hold back her emotions. She cried out to herself in her own little world… Meanwhile back in the physical world, Reisen had become something entirely else. She still held her hands to her eyes but she stopped thrashing. Slowly at first, she laughed to herself, and moved her hands away slowly. Bright red eyes peered out from behind those hands and bore into her enemy.


Mokou’s eyes widened as she looked into the eyes of lunacy. Mokou suddenly found herself floating in a world of pure darkness, Reisen’s lunatic self stood across from her, smiling maniacally. Meanwhile the real Reisen continued to lament alone in her mind. She cried to herself as remembered her parents, torn away from her violently... Tewi’s stupid jokes, with Reisen always ending up having to keep her in line. Eirin’s unconditional love, despite Reisen having been nothing but a stranger. All the wonderful experiences, all wrenched brutally from her. And she couldn’t do anything about it… it reverts back to the dark world where Mokou and Lunatic Reisen faced each other. Mokou knew she was in trouble, an immortal was only immortal in the body, and she could not risk damage to her mind. Reisen tightened her grip on Mokou’s mind, staring straight into her soul. Mokou resisted with all her might, grunting from exertion. Sweat beaded down her forehead as her fought back. This futile attempt to resist only increased Reisen’s bloodlust, she laughed maniacally and slowly began to crush Mokou's mind. Mokou struggled to free herself from Reisen’s. Fear gripped her and sweat dripped in streams down her face…


Reisen slowly started walking methodically towards Mokou; those same footsteps she had taken in her loneliness upon her arrival on earth. Only, this time a lust for blood fueled her. Reisen licked her lips and grinned, the feeling of control was so thrilling, so addicting. She could feel the fear radiating off her victim and derived pleasure from it. Her laughter only increased her victim’s fear, whose eyes were already wide with terror. Mokou didn’t give up, straining as hard as she could to break free… Reisen could feel Mokou’s tension increase as she drew closer and closer. Mokou fought even harder as Reisen drew closer. Reisen had finally closed the distance and touched lightly touched Mokou's chin with a finger, Reisen licked her lips and laughed…

Terrified, Mokou pushed her body to her limits...and broke free. The dark world shattered and reverted to the halls of Eientai. Reisen was thrown back violently. Mokou dropped to one knee sweating and gasping from the exertion. Reisen was spent, and seemed to be defeated. She lay on the floor looking up at the ceiling… in Reisen’s mind the real Reisen continued to cry and wail as she continued to recall all of her horrible experiences. Her pain… her loneliness… her suffering. Fueled by this, Lunatic Reisen stood back up, refusing to give in. Mokou and Reisen continue to battle it out in an intense battle… Mokou threw her spent body at Reisen as they clashed in a grand battle.

The beginning depicts Mokou sitting alone at a campfire. Her chin was on her knees and her arms wrapped around her legs. She was completely quiet and motionless. She simply stared into the fire mindlessly. Keine was supposed to be sitting next to her, but she wasn't... It seemed so strange to have it that way. Mokou closed her eyes, remembering Keine. She imagined Keine sitting right next to her...the way it was supposed to be. They would be talking about how beautiful the sky looked. Keine would point at a series of stars and say that it was a constellation and that it represented a great, big, powerful lion. Mokou would say it looked more like Keine when the full moon was out...and they would both laugh. Mokou would comment on how terrifying Keine was when she transformed. Keine would laugh and look at Mokou asking "am I really like that?" Her smile would be so big and happy... It was so heart-warming.

Mokou opened her eyes and turned to look but Keine was wasn't there. "Yes...you really are like that Keine..." Mokou would close her eyes again, this time tears would be coming from behind her eyelids... Mokou knew that Keine wouldn't be with her forever...but why? Why did it have to be like this?...Immortiality...was it really a blessing? Keine was Mokou's only friend, the only one that she could talk to, now she was gone... Mokou sat there crying in silence until she eventually fell asleep.

She woke up to find herself floating in the sky, she could see the beautiful stars above her. "Mokou!" Mokou turned around to see Keine smiling and running through the air. Mokou's eyes widened and she ran to her but suddenly met resistance... A white wall had formed between her and Keine. Keine put her hands up to the wall smiling. Her smile was so great and grand, so lovely... Mokou stared back. "Keine..."

Mokou opened her eyes quickly, her heart pulsing. She turned she head around looking for Keine. But it was only a dream... only a dream... Mokou closed her eyes again tears streaming down her face. She cried in silence because there wasn't anyone to listen... The fire continued to flicker in the dark as the scene fades away 

The beginning very much represents an honorable sacrifice for the greater good of the world. I can imagine a funeral for the human body of Yuyuko who selflessly killed herself to seal away the unimaginable terror of the Saigyou Ayakash tree.

I can imagine many in attendance, including Yukari and Yuyuko's solemn family. As the pattering rain of the cloudy day comes down, tears streak down the face of Yukari. She keeps her face stern and makes no sound... so it would appear that rain is just streaming down her face.

Inside she is tearing herself apart. Yuyuko's valiant act has saved many, but Yukari and Yukuyo were great friends... the group of mourners, although ragged with sadness praise the heroism of Yuyuko. Raising their hands they yell out repeatedly. Their voices resonate with solemn pride.

Yukari, unable to stay any longer leaves during the peak of the rallying. She finds an isolated area beneath a cherry tree but continues to hold it all in. Faintly smiling, She recalled the happy times she spent with Yuyuko, she remembering Yuyuko's insatiable appetite...Yuyuko was always begging Yukari to get her food from the outer world. "Because it's so tasty!" Yukari saw her priceless and heartwarming smile in her mind. It was so big and wide...

This image remains frozen and imprinted in her mind as she begins sobbing silently to herself.

Her crying finally begins to flow freely... Slumping against the cherry tree she opened her teary eyes to see cherry petals falling in concert with the rain drops. Her sobbing abruptly stoped. Slowly she regained her composure as she recalled Yuyuko's smiling face as she gently caught a cherry blossom in her palm and turns towards Yukari. "Isn't it beautiful Yukari...?" Yukari stands back up, her face unyielding stone.

Yukari continues on, resolute, unyielding, strong.

This story is probably pretty ruined when Yuyuko comes back as a ghost. Hahaha... Can't you imagine Yukari's incredulous expression when she first sees Yuyuko again? I can imagine Yuyuko scratching her head and nervously smiling as Yukari literally hounds her. 

When Sanae was little, she and her parents got into a terrible accident. Upon getting out of the car she could see her parent's bodies slumped at awkward angles.

They weren't breathing.

Sanae went to open the door at her dad's side. Upon opening it, his limp head, which was leaning on the car door fell and turned towards her. His open, vacant eyes stared into the space through her.There was blood coming from his nose and mouth. Behind her father she could she mother slumped, her bloody face hidden by shadows. Horrified, Sanae screamed and ran away as fast as she could. Tears streamed down her face as the image of her dead parents plagued her mind. The vacant stare... the blood... the mangled bodies...

She turned into an alley and buried herself into the corner behind a dumpster. She cried as she remembered the happy experiences she had with her dad and mom. They were gone though, they had been taken away from her.

For several days she didn't move an inch. She simply buried her face into her arms. Finally hunger was taking its toll. She left the alley and went into stores begging for food. The store owners chased her away. Starving, she walked down a dirt road to a weird looking shrine. She came in begging for food. It just happened to be the Moriya Shrine. Kanako, seeing her tear- stained face and dirty clothes went to get some food for her.

After eating Sanae collapsed from exhaustion. Suwako came into while she was sleeping and asked Kanako who she was. After talking a bit and finding out she was of Moriyan descent they agreed to take her in as family... Sanae lived happily. Sanae had repressed the event so that it never existed, when Kanako asked what happened to her parents she would say she had no parents and that her family was Kanako and Suwako.

The three lived happily. Kanako taught her magic, Suwako played with her, they did everything. Sanae's family was Kanako and Suwako after all.

Many years later they decided to move to Gensokyo. (After all the events of MoF and UFO) Sanae went out to town to buy food one day. When she returned home to knock on the door...nobody answered. She went into the house to find her family, Kanako and Suwako, lying on their stomachs. They weren't moving.

Sanae went to Kanako's side and rolled her over. A dead vacant stare greeted her. Blood stained her face, it was everywhere. Horrified, Sanae screamed out...

Several days have passed now. Sanae had buried them. Sanae simply stayed in bed staring at the ceiling for a couple days. The sun would rise and fall but it had no affect on her.The repressed memory of the death of her parents came back. The emotions she had sealed away finally re-surfaced. She laid in bed weeping to herself, at first quietly. Then tears begun to stream down her face. She snapped, wailed at the uncaring ceiling, cursing the gods, and smashing her pillow. Why did she have to go through this? Why her?

The next day she stood at the place of her family's graves. She looked down upon the graves The only thing she had to remember them was the snake band and frog clip in her hair... They had given it to her a long time ago, when she was little... 

It was a normal day in Gensokyo. The night sparrows were chirping, the cicadas were crying, the insects were buzzing, and the fairies were being hunted for fun. Speaking of Gensokyo, as you can tell, this is a magical place where there are many girls who can shoot energy blasts in beautiful, intricate patterns known as danmaku, or curtain fire in english. However, sometimes these powers are abused, and chaos erupts. Unfortunately, such is about to happen.

"Hmm," thought Reimu, our local heroine miko (Shinto shrine maiden), "My miko sense is tingling!" She immediately went to consult with Alice, a very intelligent youkai (term for virtually any supernatural creature) witch, who loves dolls.

"I don't know what's wrong, you should go talk to Marisa, she might know," she said with a shrug.

"Are you sure? She doesn't really seem to know anything these days," countered Reimu.

"Definetly, I already checked in on the issue with her,"

"Thanks anyways, I'll remember this next time I danmaku battle you," said Reimu.

As she left however, Alice gained an evil grin. "Okay, I held up my end of the bargain, now where's my independent dolls," she asked.

"Later, you won't regret it though," responded a figure hiding in the darkness.



"la la la, MASTER SPARK!" sang Marisa. She was quite joyful, and hopping around the forest of magic for no reason.

"What's wrong with you?" asked Reimu, "Haven't you noticed the imbalance of chemicals in the air?"

"Yeah, but I knew it was better to wait for you, so I would know where to go to steal the magic, and blow things up!"

"Figures, it's the same every other time..." Reimu look disdainfully at Marisa, "You really need to get more original..."

"Nah, not really" countered Marisa, "I'm just an ordinary witch after all. Regardless though, lets cut to the chase, what's going on?"

"I don't have a clue." Reimu shrugged. "As far as I can tell, somebody is messing with the atmosphere, but I don't know with what."

"Well then, lets go check the people we've already blown up!" Marisa quickly got her broomstick, and the two flew off to a large lake, not noticing they were being carefully watched from the shadows.



"Stop right there!" yelled Cirno, the fairy of ice. "Why are you crossing the lake again?"

"Well, the atmosphere is changed yet again, so we have to check previous culprits before examining other suspects," said Marisa, in a matter of fact voice. "You might want to get out of my way, before I use a deadly spellcard on you!" Marisa had a devilish look on her face.

"Come on Marisa, don't go too far overboard" said Reimu, sighing to herself.

"Awww, can't I have some fun?"

"No, we're saving energy for later battles, what if you need to deathbomb on the last spell?"

"Fine, fine, be that way"

Suddenly, "HEY, don't ignore me, I'm not the little threat I used to be, I was trained by that door guard Meiling!" shouted Cirno, with a frustrated expression. Reimu and Marisa both laughed, and Cirno was shot down in an instant. They flew on to the island quickly, still not noticing the eyes in the water.



They quickly disposed of Meiling and her fairies, and quickly invaded the Scarlet Devil Mansion. As usual, it took a while to get adjusted to the dark and cold mansion. "Don't you guys ever stop coming?" questioned Patchouli, with a rather pale face, "I'm not too strong today, so I won't try to stop you, but you might be suprised with what you see later on, don't think I didn't warn you."

"O..kay?" responded Reimu, with a rather puzzled expression. What could have possible gone on in the mansion?

The truth became obvious quickly, for the signs of a Flandre breakout were unmissable! "Oh crap," yelled Marisa, as she panicked to find the incredibly strong vampire. "Go talk to Remilia, I'll handle the little one!"

"Got it, don't waste too many lives!" shouted Reimu. As Reimu flew off, Marisa flew around wildly, looking for the crazed vampire. By the time she found her, it was too late.

Sakuya, the elegant head maid of the mansion already had it covered. "Illusion Sign "Jack the Ripper"" was all Marisa heard before Flandre was on the ground, out of commision. "Nice job"

"I must always serve my mistress, even if may endanger another life," replied Sakuya, matter-of-factly.

"Has this been happening more often?" asked Marisa, landing from her broom

"No, this is the first time since the incident that she broke out, for seemingly no reason too." Sakuya looked quite confused, and a little tired

"Well, I have an idea. Haven't you noticed the change in the air? Maybe it drove her insane, it seemed to be effecting Patchouli as well."

"Oh no, maybe it's effecting the mistress too!" shouted Sakuya. The dark figure seemed to have disappeared.

"So you have no clue at all?" questioned Reimu, with a very frustrated look on her face.

"Absolutely none," replied Remilia, looking very twitchy. "Hey Reimu, you wouldn't happen to have any pineapple quiche, I've had this killer craving for it recently..."

"keesh? what's that?"

"Nevermind..."

"Mistress, is anything wrong?" asked Sakuya, as she kicked down the door, with a very large SWAT.

"I want some pineapple quiche, how did you know something would be not normal though?"

"It's my duty to know. By the way, the quiche is prepared downstairs," said Sakuya.

Reimu freaked, but then she remembered Sakuya's time stopping abilities. "Weird human" she thought.

"Oh well, Sakuya, head out with the red-white and black-white to make sure this gets solved, I don't like weird cravings." said Remilia, already eating some.

"Certainly my mistress, I prepared more quiche for you when you get hungry."

"How wonderful, I never regret making you head-maid"

"Hey, can I try some of this keesh stuff?" asked Marisa, with a pondering look on her face.

"You probably don't want to, there's a few ingredients you might disagree with" said Sakuya, with a sickened look on her face.

"Oh, I forgot"

"Well, lets head outside, Suika is bound to be around" said Reimu, "She might know what's going on". The three left quickly, and Remilia left to eat her quiche.

The moment they were outside, the land was covered in a mist, and everybody felt a huge urge to feast. "SUIKA!" They all yelled at once, and suddenly Suika came falling from the mist.

"owwwww, that really hurt, don't do that..." said Suika, tenderly rubbing her back and ears at once.

"Stop fooling around, something is seriously wrong, if you couldn't tell while you were mist, I was wondering if you knew what." Reimu looked pretty pissed off, and didn't want to wait. "Oh, by the way, have you been feeling strange?"

"Other than really missing the other oni, I feel fine. Something might be wrong with the air, but I'm probably too drunk to tell. By the way, wanna have a party?"

"NO" They all yelled, and again, Suika rubbed her ears tenderly.

"Fine, fine, be that way. Oh well, I'm going off to drink some sake, you guys know where to find me when you need it," said Suika, suddenly flying off.

"Well, that was a waste of time," complained Marisa. "Why couldn't she actually help us."

"Well, that also covers all mist offenders in the area, so it's time to start doing something," said Sakuya, with a fairly knowing expressing on her face.

"hmm, those ghosts over in that temple seem to be causing trouble all the time, so lets head over there!"

"Fine, fine," said Reimu, with a indifferent look.

However, none of them noticed a small figure in the distance followed them.



"It's so wonderfully warm in these clouds," said Sakuya, clearly remembering the long winter of infamity.

"Yes, it's like stepping into my wonderful kotatsu~" Reimu had a very pleasant look on her face, like she stepped into a little bit of heaven.

"Hey, it's you three again, what are you up to this time?" ask Lunasa, with Merlin and Lyrica in the background. "yay, the dog meat returned!" said Lyrica with an excited look on her face.

"HEY, I thought I told you that's wrong!" yelled Sakuya, obviously quite angry at how far the rumors have spread.

"Calm down Sakuya, you won't get us anywhere like that," said Marisa, tolerant of Lyrica's childish behavior. "Besides, I want to blow them up myself!"

"Geez, can't you guys ever calm down?" said Reimu, tired of the two energetic companions already. "So, are you going to let us through or not?"

"Of course not," said Lunasa. "It's our job to defend this boundary."

"Well then, it's time for us to get started," said Reimu. "How strangely similar to before."

"So it is, but we've had more practice, can you beat the new and improved Prismriver trio?"

Lunasa quickly covered Reimu with a basic spread of blue and red bullets, going straight down. However, she quickly added a twisting spiral of pink bullets to the mix, making it very difficult to find a safe spot. However, Reimu used her fantastic skills to dodge through it seemingly effortlessly.

Merlin took Sakuya, and while weaving through her knives, used a combination of lasers and bullets to trap her into a corner. However, Sakuya wasn't a beginner at danmaku either, and quickly got out, and prepared for the next barrage.

Marisa took on Lyrica again, bombarded by a massive amount of red and blue bullets, going at different speeds. The combination of fast and slow bullets gave her a headache, although she safely dodged through them, taking her hitbox to the limit.

"Noisy Sign "Live Poltergeist"" said the three Prismrivers, as they carefully pulled in for a combination attack.

"Be careful, this one can trap you easily," said Reimu, advising her, in her eyes, lesser companions.

"Hey, we were there too, don't treat us like babies," complained Marisa, already prepared for her strategy.

"Well, you better be ready, here it comes!" yelled Sakuya, preparing to carefully stream the bullets.

The spellcard wasn't too bad, as it was mostly a streaming card, with extra red bullets. The three quickly defeated it, but were suprised when the sisters immediately went into three different spellcards.

Merlin quickly covered Reimu with Dark Trumpet "Ghost Clifford", a difficult card with multiple bullets spawning energy blasts. Reimu was just barely able to find a path through the spellcard she had never seen before.

Lunasa used Spirit Strings "Stradivarius" on Marisa, who quickly panicked at hte speed of the wall approaching her. "Oh no, I need to bomb!" cried Marisa, who quickly pulled out a spellcard of her own. "Love Sign "MASTER SPARK"" Lunasa had heard of this before, and quickly stopped the spellcard in order to protect herself.

Sakuya faced Lyrica, who used Key Ghost "Bösendorfer Spirit Performance". "Hey, wasn't this harder on normal?" questioned Sakuya, effortlessly dodging through the pattern. "Well, I don't want to completely destroy my dog meat!" said Lyrica, almost drooling with hunger. "Why won't you let that go!" said Sakuya, obviously getting quite angry.

Once that attack wave had finished, the Prismrivers pulled out their trump card: Poltergeist Sign "Phantom Ensemble". The spellcard involved a pattern of bullets spawning from the center, and rather than going down, went up and to the sides to meet lasers set down by the Prismrivers, and split into many falling petals.

"It's too difficult to dodge!" yelled Reimu. "Let me cover you with a barrier as you crush them with energy! "Dream Sign "Duplex Barrier""!

"Here we go!" shouted Marisa and Sakuya, and they quickly spread out to cover the Prismrivers with knives and energy. The spellcard was over quickly.

"Darnit, why do they always win," complained Merlin. She was still alive, but very hurt.

"It's my job to win and exterminate you, consider it a compliment you're still alive," said Reimu in a very haughty tone of voice.

"Well, we should fly over the barrier this time to avoid breaking things again," said Marisa. "We don't want to need to deal with Yukari again."

"Hey, what was that you said?" said Yukari, sitting on top of the great gate.

Yukari disappeared just as quickly, laughing as our heroes looked at her in shock. They went through the border and headed to the garden, over hte long long staircase.

"You again..." complained Youmu. She knew that whenever they visited, there would be a large mess to clean up.

"No mess this time, we're only here for a second," replied Reimu, dispelling Youmu's fears. "We just need to quickly talk to Yuyuko, to see if she knows what's going on."

"What do you mean?"

"In the outside of Gensokyo, there's a strange mist spreading around, and it isn't Suika or Remilia this time."

"Awww, I want somebody to blow up..." complained Marisa.

"Stop whining, it's getting irritating," said Sakuya. "I want to get this over with quickly so Remilia stays fine."

"Who called? By the way Youmu, how long until Lunch?" asked Yuyuko, as she flew into the scene.

"I did." said Reimu. "The outside world is covered in mist, are you screwing around with something to bring that stupid tree back to life?"

"I have no clue what you're talking about, I would never do something like that," said Yuyuko with a ditzy expression.

"Man, why don't you act more like you did in PCB, you just were a ditz in IN," (o shi did i just break the 4th wall?)

"GO BACK IN THE TO FLOWERS, RED WHITE BUTTERFLY"

"Forget I said anything..."

"Well, she seems to be innocent," said Sakuya, fairly frustrated by the waste of time. "Lets head somewhere else, I just checked on the mistress, she's fine."

"Man, I'll never get used to your time stop." said Marisa, with a pained expression on her face. "It seems so weird..."

"Well then, lets go check on our other problem youkai, Yukari" declared Reimu. 

Later in the evening, the trio headed out to Mayohiga, the town where the Yakumos live. The sun has set, causing a faint glow on the horizon, and the cicadas are no longer nakuing. The town seems empty, and has a strange, captivating quality to it.

"Man, I hate coming here, because I never want to leave, it's so nice." complained Reimu.

"Jeez, I thought you would have the most control over your desires to stay here. Or, maybe, you should go get Marisa out of that house." said Sakuya, chuckling as she saw Marisa make herself right at home.

"Hey, what's all the noise out here, Chen is trying to sleep," complained Ran, who was obviously very tired.

"We just want to talk to your master quickly, then get out of here. There's another mysterious mist, and we're trying to figure out what it is this time. Yukari wasn't playing with any borders, was she?" asked Reimu

"No I wasn't. By the way, the gap in the border by the shrine is becoming rather large again."

"Stop breaking the stupid border!" Yukari constantly attempted to break the very strong border protecting Gensokyo from the outside world. This border was very complex, so it was difficult to break, but even more difficult to fix.

"Now you know how I felt after Phantasm. It really is hard to fix borders, and to make them look cool, with those four poles and all."

"Well, I think it's pretty clear you have no clue what's going on, so I think I'll leave you now." Reimu grabbed Marisa by the collar, and stormed off. Sakuya followed closely behind.

"Yukari, don't you think you should've told them about the poisonous mist?" asked Ran, looking very very confused.

"All in due time..."

to be continued... 


“So, where are we going, Shiwasu?” Yayoi asked cheerfully as she skipped behind the sullen wolf, who resolutely staring ahead and desperately trying to ignore Yayoi’s questions. The half-demon wouldn’t stand for it, however, and she began tugging on Shiwasu’s furred ears, asking the question again in that cute, yet annoying, voice of hers. “Come on, tell me! Pleeaaase~?”

“Aaaaagh! Fine, I’ll tell you!” Shiwasu screamed, almost ready to tear her hair off. She whirled on the demon, her eyes blazing with uncontrolled irritation. “We, unfortunately, are going to a shrine near the border of Gensokyo and the human world. There’s a person there that I’m certain would have some explanations for what is going on here. So I want to ask her what the problem is so maybe I’ll have some way of solving it. Understand? Now please don’t ask any more questions!”

“Okay, okay.” Yayoi backed off, slightly frightened at the ferocious expression on her partner’s face. Shiwasu let out a huff and continued walking towards the shrine, with Yayoi meekly following her. ‘Ooooh…Maybe I shouldn’t have gone after all. I’ve only managed to make Shiwasu even more angry. And here I said I would help.’

Acting on impulse, Yayoi leapt on the taller girl’s back, holding her tight as she cuddled up to Shiwasu’s neck. Shiwasu stumbled forward a couple of steps before managing to catch herself.

“What are you doing, Yayoi?!” Shiwasu yelled, her temper almost ready to snap. “I’ve just about had it with your stupid antics. This is serious business and I won’t put up with you acting like it’s a simple picnic!”

“I know, I know…” Yayoi murmured from atop Shiwasu’s back. “It’s just that…well, we never go out together. And I’m certain that you’re lonely.”

“I’m a wolf! I don’t get lonely!” Shiwasu retorted.

“You’re lying. But I guess I just wanted to remind you that you have a friend, even when she’s as annoying as me.” Yayoi smiled cheerfully at Shiwasu and let go of her friend, dropping down onto the ground. She cocked her head to the side slightly, trying to look as innocent and childish as possible. “We’re meant to be together!”

"You stupid demon.” Shiwasu planted an open hand on the top of Yayoi’s head and ruffled her hair. She managed to give a small, reluctant smile and nodded. “I still say I should have eaten you.”

“It looks like you’re having fun!” A young, high-pitched voice echoed from in front of them and soon a fairy appeared in front of them. The fairy had icicle-shaped wings and a bright, green ribbon tied in her light sky-blue hair. She did a little spin in the air before pointing her finger at Shiwasu. “What are you doing here?”

“I’m going to the Hakurei Shrine to ask the shrine maiden there some questions.” Shiwasu said, her arms folded.

“Ah ha! That means you’re a friend of that stupid red-white miko! I bet you’re going to try to spoil my fun! That’s just what I would expect from someone like you!” Cirno said triumphantly, still pointing at Shiwasu. Her gaze switched to Yayoi and her finger moved accordingly. “And you! No doubt you don’t want me to have any more fun either!”

“…Where does she get these accusations?” Shiwasu muttered under her breath.

“She must be stupid.” Yayoi whispered under her breath.

“I’m not stupid! You’re the ones who are stupid for crossing my path!” Cirno said. “I’m going to freeze you just like those frogs! It’ll be a perfect sculpture!”

“What…?” Shiwasu stared at the ice fairy, so unmotivated to fight that she couldn’t even rouse the simplest of her powers. ‘It’ll be like smashing an ice cube with a boulder. I honestly don’t have the heart to pound this girl into dust.’

Shiwasu had no time to think of anything else as suddenly a large icicle appeared above her head and plunged down towards her. The wolf youkai managed to roll away in time, the icicle crashing to the ground just seconds later. She rolled back on her feet, looking warily at the ice fairy. However stupid she might be, that still didn’t mean that she was weak. Shiwasu smirked. Maybe she would receive a challenge after all.

Her blood roused, Shiwasu lunged towards the ice fairy, intending to plunge her claws straight into the fairy’s body. She missed however, her lunge off by a couple of inches to the right. Cirno retaliated by launched a crystallized ball of ice straight at Shiwasu’s back. It might have done a lot of damage if it hadn’t instantly transformed into a huge fireball that dissipated the moment before it hit Shiwasu.

Cirno let out a gasp and brought her hands up to her face, amazed. “Wooooow! I never was able to create fire before! Let me try it again!”

She launched another icicle at Shiwasu, who only sighed as the icicle melted into flames a couple of seconds later. Cirno let out another gasp and smiled joyously to herself.

“This is amazing! Oooh, I wonder if I can capture fire in ice! That would be amazing, wouldn’t it?” Cirno said to herself as she began her task, waiting for her ice to transmute into flame before trying to encase them in ice. As one would expect, the ice melted the moment it came in contact with the fire, but that didn’t dull Cirno’s excitement. In fact, it only fired her up more and she began moving at a much more rapid pace. “Urgh…I’ll get this to work! I know it!”

“…She really is an idiot.” Shiwasu sighed. Out of nowhere, a giant 9 appeared and clonked Cirno on the back of the head. The ice fairy whipped around and faced Shiwasu, nursing a growing bump on the back of her head.

“Don’t call me an idiot!” Cirno yelled childishly. “I’ll make you pay for that remark!”

Cirno opened her arms wide and literal storm of ice appeared in front of her. With a confident smirk, she sent the maelstrom hurling towards Shiwasu. Shiwasu leapt to the side and watched the storm pass, shaking her head ruefully. She was getting tired of goofing around here and she wanted to end this now. Screaming out a battle cry, Shiwasu dug one of her claws into the earth and launched a huge clump of dirt at Cirno.

The fairy flew to the side, avoiding the first attack but unfortunately putting her directly in line with Shiwasu’s second lunge. Shiwasu’s fist slammed directly into Cirno’s stomach, sending the little fairy flying in the air to topple on the ground a couple of yards away.

“Owwww!” Cirno whimpered, feeling her stomach. “You’re mean! I’m telling Daiyousei! I’ll get you back later!”

With that, Cirno flew off, hurling off insults as she left. Shiwasu sighed and rubbed her forehead, feeling her previous headache beginning to return to her. Yayoi skipped up to her friend and looked at her curiously. Shiwasu looked nervously at Yayoi, wondering why she was looking at her that way.

“What is it?”

“After all your talk about eating people, why did you just punch her? I was pretty certain you would have ripped her to shreds.” Yayoi said matter-of-factly. “You threatened to do that to me.”

“She wasn’t worth it. Now you, you were worth fighting for real. Her…well, I hate to say it, but she is pretty weak. Although I kind of pitied her as well, since it didn’t seem like she had much going for her.” Shiwasu answered, folding her arms.

“I knew you had a soft spot in you!” Yayoi cheered as she wrapped Shiwasu in a tight hug. “You’re like one of those mean characters who have an inner, kinder side that they rarely show!”

“Like hell I don’t. Don’t make me eat you, Yayoi.” Shiwasu replied rather quickly. “Come on, let’s get moving. I want to reach the Hakurei Shrine before something else stupid happens.”



The first thing that greeted them as they reached the Hakurei Shrine was a paper seal flying through the air and planting itself right in the middle of Shiwasu’s forehead. After experiencing a brief jolt of pain that felt like she had been shocked by strike of lightning, Shiwasu tore off the seal angrily and stamped on it with her foot repeatedly, grinding it to the ground.

“Who did that?! Once I find out who threw that seal, I’m going to tear you in half!” Shiwasu shouted, her nails lengthening into claws. She looked around the entrance to the shrine, her eyes narrowed. Her gaze found a young girl who was sitting on the shrine steps, a small, porcelain mug filled with tea in her hands. The girl took a small sip of tea before standing and walking towards Shiwasu.

“Have you come to make a donation?”

“Y-Y-You!” Shiwasu pointed at the young shrine maiden. “You were the one who threw the seal at me and you expect me to donate to this run-down shrine?! Why would I want to do that?!”

“Well, you activated my defense barriers I set up to deter any unknown youkai in the area. Which reminds me…Why are you here? I hope you’re not here to cause any trouble. It would be too much work.” The shrine maiden sighed and took a long sip of her tea.

“You’re kidding me.” Shiwasu said in disbelief. “This is the famous Reimu Hakurei, who brought Spring back from the Netherworld? W-What kind of joke is this?”

“Oh, that? Well, it was getting annoying with it being cold all the time, so I just decided to make it warm again.” Reimu replied, taking another sip of her tea. “You still haven’t answered my question yet.”

“Arg, why should I tell such a worthless shrine maiden?! I came all the way here from Mt. Shuuyoujo for answers and I get nothing!” Shiwasu shouted.

“I don’t know what you are talking about. Anyway, if you’re done, please leave a donation in our donation box.” Reimu said calmly as she took another sip of tea.

Shiwasu let out an agonized scream and pointed a claw at Reimu’s face. “I’ve had it with your stupid attitude! I’m going to find out whether or not you’re really as good as the stories claim! You better prepare yourself or else I’m going to devour you bit by bit.”

“You know, it’s really not healthy eating a shrine maiden.”

“Enough talk!” Shiwasu charged at Reimu, bringing up a clawed fist to plunge into her stomach. Before she could even reach Reimu, however, a barrier appeared out of nowhere and Shiwasu rebounded off of it, hissing as minor currents of electricity ran through her body. She looked up at Reimu and saw that she had abandoned the teacup and was holding an array of charms and seals in her hand. Shiwasu grinned wildly and tensed her leg muscles as she got ready to spring.

With a quick push of her feet, Shiwasu charged at Reimu, intent of plunging past the barrier before it could be formed. Encountering a barrier as she charged from the front, Shiwasu quickly changed her line of attack and tried to move in through an angle. Once again, she found her way blocked, but Shiwasu only attacked again. Soon, barriers all around Reimu had been assembled and the shrine maiden looked at Shiwasu with a smile, seals still in her hands.

“Care to give up? If you’ve caused any damage to my shrine, you’ll have to pay for it.”

“Hell no!” Shiwasu retorted. Suddenly, she moved so fast that Reimu lost track of her movements. The shrine maiden looked around her, confident in her barriers but still feeling a little bit nervous. She heard the sound of twigs breaking to the left of her and she threw a pair of seals in that direction, only to find out she had been deceived.

“From above!” Reimu tossed up a barrier above her head, but it turned out to be in vain as Shiwasu plunged down from the air and ripped a bloody trail across Reimu’s arm. Reimu staggered backwards, clutching the bleeding wound as she stared at Shiwasu in consternation. Grimacing, she drew out a pair of charms and whispered a couple of words. In quick burst, the charms dissolved into flames and shining, floating orbs surrounded Reimu’s body.

“This is getting too annoying. So I might as well beat you right now.” Reimu said as she sent two of the orbs in Shiwasu’s direction.

“Stole the words right out of my mouth!” Shiwasu replied as she flipped backwards, avoiding the first orb as it exploded centimeters away from her feet. She didn’t move fast enough to avoid the second one, however, which burst at her chest and knocked her down on the tiled stones. Shiwasu struggled upwards, her eyes alight with battle lust. “Now this is the maiden of Hakurei Shrine!”

“Hey, what’s going on?” A blond-haired magician landed next to Yayoi, curiosity written all over her features. She took off the black pointed hat she wore and placed it at the end of her broomstick. Poking Yayoi roughly on the shoulder, she motioned to where Reimu and Shiwasu were fighting. “Why are they fighting?”

“I don’t know.” Yayoi shrugged, her arms folded. “Shiwasu just wanted to fight, I guess.”

“How inconvenient for me. I was hoping that Reimu would make me some tea.” Marisa said, pouting slightly. “Well, I’ll just have to resolve this issue with clever use of my Master Spark.”

One of Reimu’s ears twitched and she flung an arm out, shooting hundreds of seals in Marisa’s direction. She let out a little squeak of surprise before putting a palm out and shooting a giant, multi-colored laser out of her hand, incinerating all of the seals. When the ash settled, Reimu was in front of Marisa, hitting her repeatedly over the head with a wooden rod.

“Don’t use Master Spark here! You’ll blow up my shrine!” Reimu scolded, wagging a finger at Marisa as she continued to hit her.

“But I was just curious to see what was going on! Besides, I wanted to ask you if you noticed anything strange going on with the elements.” Marisa protested as she held up her hands to try to ward off the rod blows. Reimu looked thoughtful and nodded slowly.

“Oh yeah, that. It’s getting hard to brew good tea now, since the water turns into dirt or fire. I’ve been planning to do something about that. I’m pretty certain the people at the Scarlet Devil Mansion should know something. Especially Patchouli.”

“You could have just told me that!” Shiwasu yelled from behind Reimu, her fangs bared. “Instead of chucking a seal at my forehead!”

“Well, you didn’t tell me what you wanted to know. So how was I supposed to answer?” Reimu replied.

“She’s got you there.” Yayoi commented, looking between the two.

“Argh!” Shiwasu stamped the ground in frustration. She stalked up to Yayoi and began dragging her by the arm, heading out of the shrine. “Come on, Yayoi, we’re getting out of here!”

“Thank you for visiting and please leave a donation next time.” Reimu said as she waved farewell.

“Um…Aren’t you going to take care of that?” Marisa pointed to the large gash that was on Reimu’s right arm. Reimu looked down at the wound and shrugged.

“I forgot about that. Come inside, we’ll make some tea.” Reimu turned towards the shrine and Marisa followed her inside, cheering mentally.



“Those two were fun, weren’t they?” Yayoi said as she walked besides Shiwasu. “Yep, especially Reimu. We should go visit her again sometime. I’m sure she has a lot of interesting stories to tell.”

“Yeah, maybe. It was kind of nice meeting someone new.” Shiwasu murmured unconsciously. She clamped a hand on her mouth when she heard what she said and looked at Yayoi, who had a wide grin on her face. “Ignore that! It wasn’t fun at all! That stupid red-white miko! I’m going to eat her next time!”

“Sure, sure.” Yayoi laughed and patted her friend on the back. “I wonder who we’ll meet at this Scarlet Devil Mansion. I hope they’re as fun as Reimu and Marisa!”

“Hmph…If anyone stops me from finding out what’s going on…They’re going to regret it.” Shiwasu cracked her knuckles. “Now that I know how strong these people are…I think I’m going to enjoy the next fight even more.”



Elsewhere, in front of the gates that led to the Scarlet Devil Mansion, the red-haired gate guard let out a loud sneeze. She shivered and looked around, slightly frightened. “I just felt a really bad aura."


“Why are these stupid fairies getting in our way?!” Shiwasu yelled angrily as she tore through one with her claws, the small pixie dissolving into sparkles. A small lance of pain hit her from behind and she spun on her feet, swinging her left claw in a wide arc that killed another fairy. She heard Yayoi give a little laugh that was accompanied by the sounds of multiple explosions. Shiwasu turned to see what was so funny and she gaped at the little pile of fairies that had fallen at the half-demon’s feet.

“And you said this wouldn’t be fun! I haven’t had this much fun playing until now! The only thing that attacked me in the mountains was the occasional youkai and it wasn’t much of a problem wiping them out. Oh man, life down here is so much more energetic! We should move!” Yayoi said excitedly, clapping her hands. “Maybe near the shrine girl. She seemed interesting. I’ve always wanted to visit a genuine shrine.”

“No!” Shiwasu said firmly. There was no way she would ever move down into this hellhole. The closest she would get to that was the rare visit and those visits would be very rare indeed. She flung her hand back carelessly, swiping another fairy across the wings. “And don’t talk about that stupid shrine girl! She was a pain in the neck. I swear, throwing seals at me for no reason…”

“Those are the two I told you about, Daiyousei!” A loud, and sadly familiar, voice echoed through the air and Shiwasu and Yayoi turned at the sound of the voice. Shiwasu gave a groan when she saw who it was and she scratched her head exasperatedly. Floating above a crystal clear lake was the ice fairy from earlier, Cirno, and another fairy that was apparently named Daiyousei.

“Not you again. Didn’t that last thrashing teach you a lesson?” Shiwasu groaned.

“It wasn’t a thrashing!” Cirno yelled petulantly, folding her arms in a childish fashion. “See, Daiyousei? They’re being mean!”

“B-But Cirno…” Daiyousei murmured, exchanging glances between Cirno and Shiwasu. “Can’t-”

Before she could say anything else, Cirno was already charging towards Shiwasu, her hands covered in an icy mist. Daiyousei let out a little sigh and flew towards Yayoi, her own hands glowing with a green aura. “I’m really sorry…But I need to help her out.”

“No problem! Shiwasu’s the same way!” Yayoi returned, lengthening her nails to half-sized claws. “Let’s just have a practice spar. Is that okay with you?”

Daiyousei nodded and soon she was flitting around Yayoi, flinging sharp blasts of wind down at the half-demon. Yayoi quickly sprung to the side, where her feet got trapped in a deepening pool of mud. Daiyousei quickly took advantage of her opponent’s momentary weakness and darted behind Yayoi, pelting her repeatedly with wind. The blasts weren’t particularly painful, but the sheer number of attacks made up for that.

Yayoi finally managed to get out of the mudhole, her clothes and skin nicked with hundreds of small wounds and cuts. She looked up at the nimble fairy, who was still hitting her with her wind slashes. ‘Oh man, I think the elements are starting to get jumbled up again. This isn’t good…’

Almost on cue, she felt a rumbling beneath her feet. She jumped in the air just as a tree burst out of the ground, the newly-forming branches nearly skewering her. As she landed, the dirt beneath her began changing to water, causing her to land into another mud puddle. Wiping the mud out of her eyes, Yayoi coughed and climbed out of the pit. She was tired of falling into mud and just the act of getting out of that thick, sticky mud was sapping all of her energy.

“Um…Do you want to stop?” Daiyousei asked, her hands clasped in front of her. Her bright-green eyes shined with worry and she was about to say something else but then she stopped herself. Brushing back her bright-green ponytail, Daiyousei extended a hand out towards Yayoi, offering to help her up. Yayoi looked at the hand and laughed softly to herself as she took it.

“It looks like it’s my loss. You fight very well, much better than your friend.” Yayoi said as Daiyousei helped her up. “Why do you let her boss you around?”

“Well…It’s my duty to help out other fairies.” Daiyousei said softly. “And Cirno is my friend. I can’t abandon her, even though she might do some pretty foolish things. One day she’ll become more mature…hopefully. By the way, why are you so close to the Scarlet Devil Mansion? Unless you know the master of the Mansion, I don’t see how you’re going to get inside.”

“You see…” Yayoi pointed to the tree that had magically sprung out from the ground. “For some reason, the elements and nature are starting to act all weird. Water will turn into fire, earth into wood, stuff like that. Shiwasu and I are just trying to figure out how to stop it and we heard the Scarlet Devil Mansion has a library with all the books in the world in it.”

“Oh…” Daiyousei nodded. “I see. Although I haven’t been in the mansion myself, I can tell you that it’ll be tough to get in. The front gate is guarded by a youkai named Hong Meirin. She’s pretty nice though, so you might be able to get past her without a fight.”

“Thanks for the info! You’re a really nice fairy, Daiyousei! Well, unlike those others that attacked us out of the blue…”

“O-Oh, I’m sorry about them. A lot of them are like Cirno and think it would be fun to attack passerby.” Daiyousei said apologetically. “I’ll try and see that you aren’t attacked again.”

“Freeze Sign ~Perfect Freeze~!”

“Mountain Sign ~Stalking Prey~!”

The two of them spun to see Cirno and Shiwasu charging at each other for one final attack. Cirno launched series after series of ice crystals towards Shiwasu, which froze anything it hit on impact. Shiwasu, on the other hand, had split into afterimages, jumped around the grass, hiding behind trees, and leaping from the air. It was hard to tell which one was real until all of them merged into one image in front of Cirno, a claw raised to strike her in the chest. Before it could connect, one of Cirno’s ice crystals (one of the ones that didn’t randomly change elements in mid-flight), collided with Shiwasu’s fist, encasing it in ice. The now-ice fist hit Cirno directly in the chest, sending the ice fairy flying off in the direction of the lake.

“Gaaaaah! That’s cold!” Shiwasu screamed, pounding her ice fist repeatedly on the ground in the hope that the ice would shatter. “Get it off! I hate freezing temperatures! This is killing me!”

Cirno, when she realized she was going to hit the lake, had the bright idea of freezing it so that she wouldn’t get wet. As such, she bounced off the icy surface and was about to land on it again when the water slowly began transforming into bamboo shoots. She would have gotten impaled on the sharp stems if Daiyousei hadn’t already been flying towards her. With a quick blast of wind, Cirno landed on solid ground instead of the new bamboo field.

“Daiyousei!” Cirno said as she stood up, uncomprehending of how much danger she had just been in. “Why did you do that?!”

“You could have died, Cirno!” Daiyousei shot back, her voice stern and commanding. She pointed towards the former lake, whose new bamboo shoots were now growing a relatively nice pace. “Please, don’t be so reckless next time.”

Cirno was about to shout back a retort when she saw the concerned expression on Daiyousei’s face. Stifling her protest, Cirno nodded, ashamed. “I understand, Daiyousei…I’m sorry.”

“Good…Just as long as you’re safe.” Daiyousei replied.

“Isn’t that sweet?” Yayoi sighed, looking at the two fairies. “She cares so much about Cirno…It’s so touching. Why can’t you ever be like that, Shiwasu?”

“You…shut up.” Shiwasu choked out, her right arm trembling as she continued to try to pry the ice block off of her fist. “Help me find a way to get this off. I think I’ve lost all feeling to my hand already.”

“Tsk, tsk…This is why you shouldn’t be so eager for a fight.” Yayoi said as she used her claws to slowly shave pieces of ice off of Shiwasu’s frozen hand. After a couple of minutes, the ice was off and Shiwasu was beginning to get feeling in her fingers again.

“Come on, let’s go.” Shiwasu said, looking in the direction of the Scarlet Devil Mansion. “We wasted too much time here. And…thanks a lot, Yayoi.”

“No problem!” Yayoi replied cheerily, skipping up to her friend’s side. “You’re a lot more fun to hang out with when you’re nice, Shiwasu.”

“Be quiet.”



“So, this is the Scarlet Devil Mansion…” Shiwasu muttered to herself as she stared at the large, wrought-iron gates that barred their way into the mansion. What was odd, though, was that the mansion didn’t even seem that spectacular from the outside. In fact, it looked rather small for a building that was said to have a library that contained every book in existence. ‘Still, there must be more to this than it seems. You hardly get a title like the Scarlet Devil unless you have some sort of power.’

“Halt, who goes there?!” Suddenly, a girl of around medium height jumped down from the sky and landed in front of Shiwasu, her hands held out in a kung-fu type of stance. Upon seeing Shiwasu and Yayoi, she relaxed slightly. “Oh, are you here to see the mistress?”

“Uh…Right.” Shiwasu laughed nervously. “Of course we are, aren’t we Yayoi?”

“Yeah, yeah!” Yayoi nodded eagerly. “There’s something important we need to talk to her about!”

“But you two look suspicious…Why would a youkai and a human visit my mistress?” The gate guard tapped her chin thoughtfully, her cherry-red hair fluttering behind her. “I better go make sure you’re telling the truth.”

“Sure, go ahead.” Shiwasu said, motioning for the gate guard to do whatever she wanted to do. ‘Open the damn gate. Once you turn your back and that gate’s open, I’m plunging straight in. Come on, open it…’

Suddenly, appearing out of nowhere, a knife plunged right through the green beret the guard was wearing and a silver-haired maid softly dropped to the ground, more knives arrayed between her fingers. She kicked the guard once to make sure she was still alive. “Hey, China, what are you doing?”

“S-Sakuya…” China, as her name appeared to be, slowly struggled up to her feet, blood beginning to seep through her beret. “Why did you do that?! That really hurt!”

“Be quiet, China.” Sakuya flung another knife into China’s head. “Now, what do you intruders want with the mistress?”

‘S-She’s scary…’ Yayoi thought to herself, trembling slightly. “Um…We wanted to borrow some books in the library and see if your master knew anything about what’s going on…”

“Oh…borrow some books, hmm? You’re probably just like that black-white witch. I don’t think you two will be able to pass.” Sakuya said, seemingly drawing another fan of knives out of nowhere. “China, get up. We have to defeat these intruders.”

“Not be able to pass, huh?” Shiwasu cracked her knuckles. “If it’s a fight you want…I don’t think it’ll be too hard to beat some sense into a simple maid.”

“Oh really?” Sakuya grinned evilly as more knives appeared in her hands. “Unless you think you can defeat time itself…” Suddenly she vanished and appeared right behind Shiwasu, a knife at her back. “Then there is no hope for you.”

‘What the hell was that?!’ Shiwasu barely had time to move before the knife was plunged into her back. The wolf youkai let out a scream before falling to a knee, panting. Never before had she seen someone move that fast. She would have believed it to be an illusion if it wasn’t for the searing pain. Shiwasu painfully got back on her feet, bringing up her fist. Sakuya smirked at her, beckoning for her to attack. “A wolf doesn’t go down that easily!”

Ignoring the pain, Shiwasu sprinted towards the maid, her nails already lengthened into claws. Howling, she brought her claws down at Sakuya, who, strangely enough, was just standing there with a weird smile on her face. Before the claws could rip through her flesh, however, Sakuya disappeared again, only to reappear behind Shiwasu. Knives of every shape and size flew towards the wolf youkai, digging deep into her skin and toppling her to the ground.

“Haaa…Haaa…” Shiwasu panted, blood pouring out of her numerous wounds. She looked up at Sakuya, who was standing above her with a scornful expression on her face.

“If that is all you have, then you have no right to even be near the presence of my mistress.” Sakuya said. “You don’t even deserve the right to be fighting me.”

‘Grrr…I can’t…I won’t let her speak to me that way. I am the wolf. I am the predator. I am the spirit of the hunt….I will not be defeated here!’ Shiwasu let out a fierce roar as she suddenly stood on her feet, ripping the knives out of her skin and tossing them onto the ground. She brought a clawed hand up to her face, obscuring part of her vision. “Watch out, human. It’s time to feed…”

“Oh? Perhaps you’re right. My mistress should be getting hungry soon. I wonder if your blood is good enough to satisfy her…” Sakuya pondered as she fingered another knife. “Let’s see.”

While Shiwasu and Sakuya were battling near the front of the gate, Yayoi and China were having a different sort of battle a little distance away. China was throwing various punches and kicks in Yayoi’s direction while the half-demon spent her time side-stepping, dodging the attacks as she asked China about the strange happenings with the elements.

“Is your name really China?” Yayoi asked as she ducked under a particularly fierce jab. “And since you’re the gate guard, have you noticed anything strange happening? Like dirt turning into fire…or trees spontaneously popping out from the ground?”

“My name is Hong Meirin, not China!” She shouted as she tried to hit Yayoi with a one-two kick to the stomach. “And while I have seen some things, every time I try to report it, I get stabbed! So I’m staying out of it and doing my job as a gate guard!”

“Well, okay.” Yayoi said thoughtfully as she jumped backwards, putting herself out of Meirin’s range. “We should play together sometime. See, this is my first time coming to the Scarlet Devil Mansion and everyone I’ve met has been so fun to spend time with. Besides, you must be lonely, right?”

“I am treated rather unfairly…” Hong Meirin stopped her attacks for a moment, looking thoughtful. “As a matter of fact, I wouldn’t mind leaving my job…” She shivered in fear as a thought rose up to her mind. “But then Sakuya would hunt me down. I think it would be better if I just stayed here doing my job.”

Yayoi frowned slightly, but shrugged. “If you say so...Shall we continue the fight, then?”

“Of course!” Hong Meirin brought a fist back, concentrating as she powered up her fist with chi. She went on the offensive again, sending a short-range chi blast towards Yayoi’s direction while following up with another kick combo that connected with the half-demon’s side. Yayoi toppled to the ground, surprised that she actually got hit. Before she could get up, Hong was above her, trying to hit her with a drop kick.

Yayoi rolled to the side, quickly scrambling upwards before she could lose even more momentum. She brought up her arms to block another punch to her chest, grimacing as she was knocked backwards. ‘Aaah…I can’t handle this. Hand-to-hand fighting has never been something I trained in. Shiwasu was the one that I would count on for close combad.’

“Flowery Sign ~Mountain Breaker~!”

China brought one of her fists back, a multi-colored aura surrounding it. In one swift move, she brought her fist forward, barely missing Yayoi, who had dropped to the ground. China’s collided with the tree behind Yayoi, breaking off the upper half of its trunk and toppling the tree to the ground. She immediately sprung backwards, shaking her hand painfully. “Owowowow….”

‘Damn, she’s stronger than she seems.’ Yayoi thought to herself as she sprung back up from the ground, finally deciding to go on the offensive. ‘I guess there’s no more time to play around.’

She charged at the gate guard, pink-colored orbs developing on her fingertips. Swinging a hand towards her opponent, the orbs flew off, exploding in a variety of colors as they came in contact with the guard. Hong Meirin brought an arm up to her mouth, coughing as she tried to see through the smoke. Her eyes widened as she saw Yayoi running towards her, an extended claw reaching towards her face. Before it could connect, however, Meirin let herself fall and the claw passed over her face. She proceeded to do a backflip, her feet catching Yayoi in the chest.

Yayoi staggered backwards slightly, a hand clutched to her chest. ‘If she excels in short-range combat, then I’ll just have to move farther away, right?’

Testing the leathery wings that grew out of her back, Yayoi lifted herself into the air, flying a short distance away from her opponent. Sometimes it was hard remembering she even had wings, but at moments like these, being able to fly was a huge boon. She flew circles around Hong Meirin, smiling as she saw the gate guard stamp the ground in fury, unable to reach her.

‘This game is over.’ Yayoi thought to herself as she summoned more orbs to her fingertips. Watching the orbs materialize into devilish pixies, Yayoi smiled and motioned down to the gate guard. “You know what to do.”



“Aaaagh!” Shiwasu flew backwards, crashing hard to the ground as another pair of knives embedded themselves into her chest. The wolf youkai was a sorry sight, with at least fifty large slashes and cuts across her body. Blood coated almost every inch of skin and Shiwasu could barely see through the haze of red that covered her eyes. She slowly, painfully, got back to her feet, barely able to keep standing. ‘I…can’t lose…I...’

Sakuya looked at Shiwasu with a mixture of pity and helplessness on her face. There was no point in fighting anymore. She must have hit the wolf youkai with at least one-hundred knives already, yet Shiwasu kept getting on her feet and attacking again. One had to admire such dedication, although she began to wonder if Shiwasu even remembered the reason as to why she came to the Scarlet Devil Mansion in the first place.

“I…will get past!” Shiwasu screamed, her claws lengthening even more. Ever since she was young, she had lived alone on Mt. Shuuyoujo. It was hard, living alone with no one to help protect you against the other youkai and youkai hunters. But she had persevered. She had gotten rid of anyone who would dare attack her peaceful haven, dare attack herself. She would not let herself be defeated by this human. “I…will not lose!”

“Resolute Sign ~Wolf Pack~!”

Shiwasu let out a fierce scream as her body trembled with uncontrolled power. The knives that were in her body popped out, clattering down to the ground as some force shoved them out of Shwiasu’s body. In a flash, she was in front of Sakuya, a closed fist coming up to her chest. The maid didn’t even have time to react before the fist connected, launching her against one of the walls.

‘H-How?!’ Sakuya thought as she fell against the stones, unable to believe that Shiwasu had managed to outrun time. Sure, there were some, like her mistress, who managed to figure out the secret behind her ability to manipulate time, but this youkai didn’t seem to even know about the time manipulation. So how…

Her thoughts were interrupted as Shiwasu appeared again, this time above her, to deal a crushing punch to the top of the maid’s head. Sakuya landed with a loud thud on the ground, her head pounding with pain as she struggled to understand what was going on. Slowly spinning the dial on the pocket watch she kept hidden, Sakuya caused time to freeze. She walked away from Shiwasu, taking care to send a couple of knives in her direction when time would turn again. With another twist, time moved forward again.

The knives that were previously placed in stasis moved again, driving towards Shiwasu. But somehow, while the knives seemed to strike the Shiwasu near the walls, another one appeared behind Sakuya and drove her claws into her back. Sakuya let out a pained scream that was suddenly cut off when Shiwasu appeared again and punched her in the stomach. Sakuya landed on the ground with a gasp, clutching her stomach in pain.

“Impossible…” She looked up and to her surprise, she saw three Shiwasu’s standing in front of her, each of them looking the same. “No way…”

“Huff…This is it…” Shiwasu panted, two of the doubles disappearing into thin air. She collapsed to one knee, unable to stand anymore. “Let us…through.”

“Aaaah…” Sakuya groaned, conceding her opponent’s determination. “You win…”

“T-Thank you…” Shiwasu whispered once before collapsing onto the ground, unconscious. Sakuya stood up, contemplating putting the wolf youkai out of her misery. She sighed, hiding her knives back under her maid’s uniform. Her gaze flicked to her gate guard, who was being bombarded by what appeared to be pixies.

“China! Enough fighting! They can come in.” Sakuya shouted towards her subordinate. She looked at Shiwasu’s partner, frowning as she watched the flying demon unload another barrage of orbs at China. “You! If you want to help your friend, you should stop fighting right now!”

"Shiwasu!" Yayoi immediately alighted to the ground, running past Sakuya to kneel at the wolf youkai’s side, horrified at the amount of injuries that covered her body.

“Don’t worry, she’s still alive. She fought very well. Bring her inside the mansion and I’ll see to it that she gets some treatment.” Sakuya said as she motioned towards the gates, which slowly creaked open. “Now, shall we go inside? I’m curious to see why you have come here.”


Why was I born a youkai? I always wondered that to myself when I was young. Why couldn’t I have been a human or some other race? It wasn’t that I wanted to be what some people called a demon. It wasn’t my fault. I just woke up somewhere and found myself near one of the human villages that are scattered around this place. I was hungry…I was tired. I thought that the villagers wouldn’t mind helping me out. All I was thinking was how hungry I felt. How was I supposed to know that youkai like me eat and kill humans?

I walked…more like crawled, into the village, my stomach grumbling with uncontainable hunger. I saw what appeared to be an apple on the ground and I reached for it, gobbling down the fruit as fast as I could. I never thought food could taste this good. A shadow fell across me and there I saw a group of humans standing in front of me, their expressions grim. Frightened, I let the apple drop from my hands and I backed away.

“I-I’m sorry…I was just hungry…”

“Hungry from human flesh, maybe! You damn youkai, why are you here?!”

My eyes widened. I didn’t want to eat anyone. I stepped backwards, gulping in fear as one of the villagers lowered a sword to my face. “P-Please…I don’t want to hurt anyone…”

“Hah, fat chance! Not only do wolves prey on our sheep, now we have wolf youkai preying on us! I bet you were hunting for a child to eat, weren’t you?” The man with the sword walked closer, waving his weapon threateningly. “Weren’t you?!”

“No! No!” I raised my hands feebly in protest, which is when I noticed that my hands had become claws. Nervously, terrified of what I might find, I moved a hand to the top of my head, where it found a pair of furry ears. Fur brushed against my leg and I knew that I had a tail as well. But…I didn’t know why that would mean I would eat humans. I was just different…right? People can move past differences. “I wasn’t hunting anything! You must believe me!”

“Lies!” He swung the sword at my face, drawing a line of blood across my cheek. Why wouldn’t he believe me? I didn’t mean any harm! I was just hungry! Before I could protest again, he slashed at me again, hitting me on the chest. I saw that no matter what I said, he wouldn’t listen. I tried to run away, but then a rock flew out of nowhere and hit me on the back of the head, knocking me to the floor. Scrambling to my feet, I heard a nasty chuckle and saw that the man’s cohorts were joining their friend. Why were they picking on me?! It wasn’t my choice to be a youkai! I didn’t want to be their enemy! Hell, if it wasn’t because I wanted some food I wouldn’t have gone to their damned village anyway! Why are they blaming me for something I can’t control?! I…I hate humans!

It was then that some…barrier, some seal within me, snapped. I felt some power flow through me, driving the fury I felt at that moment through my whole body, giving me the power to defeat my attackers. It was over in a couple of minutes, really. I can’t remember parts of the fight, though, as if a black curtain had been drawn over those memories. Still, all I know is that after I had mutilated their corpses, I fled to what would be my future home, Mt. Shuuyoujo.

I was happy…or at least content there. It was beautiful, it was untamed, and best of all, it was peaceful and far removed from any human civilization. With no humans to bother me, I was free to live my life in peace without having to worry about outside interference. At least, that’s what I had thought. Apparently, there were teams of humans dedicated to wiping out stray youkai. I, unfortunately, was one of their targets. It was during the aftermath of one of their attacks did I meet Yayoi.

I don’t know how I found her, really. I was limping back towards my cave, with blood all over me, most of it theirs. As I was passing my a small growth of bushes, I heard a small whimper and I stopped, thinking that it was just my imagination playing tricks on me. However, a particular smell came to my nose and I realized that I wasn’t hallucinating. Pushing back the bushes, I saw a young girl, probably around six years of age. She was kneeling on the ground, creating small pictures in the dirt with her fingers. The reason she had whimpered was because she had accidentally poked one of her fingers against a sharp thorn, drawing blood.

I was tempted to just eat her. After all, if they were going to hunt me for eating humans, I might as well eat any humans that came to bother me. I found that while their taste wasn’t as great as compared to some other species, it did well for a snack of some sorts. I was about to kill the girl then and there when she looked at me and flashed me a smile. A bright, innocent, happy, genuine smile.

“Who are you? Do you want to play with me?” She didn’t even seem scared. She just kept smiling at me. The claw I had raised with the intention of cutting her throat lowered back to my waist and I managed a tentative smile at her. Suddenly, she frowned and crawled up to me. Before I could even react, she was flying up to my face and pinching my cheeks. “That’s not how you smile. It should be more happy.”

“H-Hey! Get off!” I protested, trying to shove her fingers off of my face. I struggled with her for a couple of more minutes before I finally managed to pry her off of me and set her back onto the ground. On a closer look, I realized that she wasn’t a full human as I first believed. She appeared to be some cross between a human and a demon, another person that nobody would want. That was probably why she was here in the forest, dressed in nothing more than an oversized shirt that was already showing signs of wear.

“Aw…Your smile is gone…” She pouted, folding her arms as she glared at me. Somehow, that statement brought another smile to my face and I felt the corners of my mouth, so unused to smiling to believe that I was actually doing it. Every since I had been chased away from that village, I never really smiled. I wondered why I was starting it now.

“Can we keep playing?” She looked at me hopefully.

“Don’t your parents have to pick you up?” I asked, a portion of me hoping that she would say no. Yes, I knew it was cruel to wish that she didn’t have parents, but I knew how people would treat such a half-breed. “And I don’t even know your name.”

“I can’t…remember my parents.” Her voice dropped for a moment and she almost seemed like she was going to cry. But her sad expression passed in a matter of seconds and her smile came back on her face. “I can’t remember much, really. But I know my name is Yayoi Mikami. What’s yours?”

“Shiwasu…Shiwasu Okami.” I knelt down to the small girl, looking her in the eye. “Since you don’t have parents…I’ll take care of you, okay? And we’ll be able to play as much as you want.”

“Yaaay!” Yayoi gave a cheer and jumped up onto Shiwasu’s back. “Let’s go home! I wanna see what it looks like!”

That half-demon…I don’t know how many times she has brought a smile to my face. I would never let her see it, though. Ever since that day, I assumed the role as her parent, raising her, taking care of her as if she were my own child. And when she grew up, she stopped acting as if I were the parent and more as if I were her elder sister or something. I admit…while there are times I wish she would just disappear…Yayoi has filled a very important part in my life. But sometimes…Just sometimes, I wonder what would have happened if the people in that village had accepted me for what I was.



Shiwasu…

Shiwasu…

“Shiwasu!”

The wolf youkai’s eyes snapped open and she reflexively sat up, letting out a hiss of pain as her body screamed in protest. After the quick wave of pain washed away, another one came up, this time in the form of Yayoi hugging her so tight she thought her bones would break. Shiwasu managed to shove Yayoi off of her before she went into a spasm and gratefully lay back on the soft bed that she had found herself on. “Yayoi, please, not now…I feel horrible.”

“Well, of course!” Yayoi snapped back. “Look at yourself! Not only did you ruin those nice clothes I made for you, but almost every inch of your body was covered in wounds! Do you know how worried I was when I found you like that? I thought you were dead!”

Shiwasu was about to shout out a reply of her own when she saw Yayoi’s teary, blue eyes. She sighed and closed her own eyes, settling into the warm blankets. “I’m sorry, Yayoi. Don’t worry about me. I’ll be fine.”

“Are you sure about that?” The half-demon asked, eyeing her friend with worry. “And don’t tell me you can take care of yourself, because in these recent days, I’ve been extremely skeptical of your ability to do so.”

Shiwasu managed to smile. “Trust me.”

“Well, okay. I’m going to the library to see if we can pick anything up. Just stay here and rest.” Yayoi said sternly before leaving Shiwasu to her rest. The half-demon closed the door behind her and let out an exasperated sigh. She knew that Shiwasu could handle herself…but still, seeing her mangled body did not help at all. This was all supposed to be some fun journey to find out why things were going wacky. The fact that Shiwasu could actually die fighting never crossed her mind until now. ‘Shiwasu…Are you really going to be okay?’

She found it kind of funny that she was worrying more about Shiwasu than herself, especially since her friend possessed more power than she did. Yayoi shrugged mentally and began walking towards the library. In the time where Shiwasu was unconscious, Yayoi had taken some time to get acquainted with the mansion, even meeting the mistress of the mansion herself. Granted, Remilia didn’t say much other than to ask where she lived and what her blood type was, but that didn’t bother Yayoi.

Poking her face into the library, she was greeted by the assistant librarian, a demon named Koakuma. Yayoi honestly didn’t know what to make of her, really. Sometimes she seemed the perfect assistant, docile and helpful. And then other times she would lead you to the wrong section of books and wait for the inevitable yell of disgust before breaking out in an uncontrollable fit of laughter. However, at the moment, Koakuma seemed to be in helpful mood, so Yayoi decided to take full advantage of it.

“Koakuma? Can you tell me where Ms. Patchouli is?”

“Ms. Patchouli?” A small smile appeared on Koakuma’s face. “I’m certain she’ll be surprised to be addressed that way. Follow me and I’ll show you where she is.”

A couple of moments, Yayoi found herself in front of the witch Patchouli who was doing her favorite activity, reading. Bowing slightly in respect, Yayoi cautiously looked up at her. She didn’t know how Patchouli acted, but she needed her help if she was going to find anything useful in the library. “Um…Ms. Patchouli, may I ask you some questions?”

“Eh…?” Patchouli looked up from the book, curiously titled Genshiken, and frowned slightly. “Who are you? I hope you’re not here to steal any books.”

“O-Oh, no!” Yayoi bowed quickly. “I-I just want to read some of them! There’s been some strange occurrences lately and me and my friend were hoping to find the cause of them! So please, let me read some of the books!”

A smile appeared on Patchouli’s lips and she nodded almost imperceptibly. “I’ve never had someone actually ask me to read my books before. Feel free to see any book you can.”

“Thank you!” Yayoi bowed again, wondering why she was acting so…crazy in front of Patchouli. Sure, she respected the witch for being able to manage so many books by herself. But…for some reason, she felt that the witch deserved the utmost respect and deference. It was odd. Maybe it was because being able to cast such powerful magic while having a fragile body was admirable. At the moment, Patchouli ranked only second on her list of admired people, Shiwasu obviously taking the top spot. “Um, if you wouldn’t mind, can I ask you a couple of questions?”

“What is it?” Patchouli asked.

“Have you noticed anything wrong with the elements lately? You’re known as the One-Week Witch, right? Surely there must have been something that has been strange.” Yayoi answered, looking curious.

“I don’t go out often, so I can’t say for the outside world, but I have noticed that my spells have been acting strange lately. Sometimes, when I try to cast my fire spells, they spontaneously change into other elements or the spell comes out completely different from intended. Is this what you’re researching right now?” Patchouli said, eyeing Yayoi.

“Yes.” Yayoi nodded. “The elements and nature have been acting strangely, so Shiwasu and I are trying to find why this is happening and to stop it. Thank you very much for your help. Hopefully your problems will disappear.”

“I doubt all my problems will disappear, but I like your spirit. I think this book will be very helpful to you.” Patchouli picked one out of the stack and handed it to Yayoi. “I have another copy of this volume, so feel free to take it with you. Come back any time you want to read anything.”

“T-Thank you!” Yayoi gratefully accepted the volume, bowing quickly to the librarian. “I’ll take good care of it!”

Patchouli smiled. “I trust you will.”

Yayoi thanked Patchouli one last time before hurrying back towards the bedroom where Shiwasu was, wanting to show her friend what she had found. She entered the room to see Shiwasu sitting up on the bed, looking thoughtful and twisting her brown-black hair into her normal braids. The half demon jumped on the bed, startling her friend out of her reverie.

“Yayoi!” Shiwasu said breathlessly, a hand over her bandaged chest. “What is it?”

“Look what Ms. Patchouli gave me!” Yayoi proudly showed her friend the book she had received. “Um…It’s called The Legend of the Five Celestial Beasts. She said it would help us find out what was going on.”

“Really?” Shiwasu asked, slightly curious to see what the book contained.

Yayoi nodded vigorously, opening the thick, leather-bound volume. “Let’s see…”



In the beginning, the world existed as a barren rock, uninhabitable to everyone. However, one day, five beings know as the heavenly creatures came across this land. These were Seiryuu, the Azure Dragon of the East, Suzaku, the Vermillion Bird of the South, Byakko, the White Tiger of the West, and Genbu, the Black Tortoise of the North, and their master, Kirin, the Golden Dragon of the Center. Using their powers, they created this world that we now live in. Whether you are from the outside, from the Netherworld, or from Gensokyo, the reason why we can live on this world is because of these five beings, who, along with creating life, have created nature and the seasons themselves.

Take care to not anger these beings, however. While at most times, they are content with just watching over their world, there are times when their anger has spilled forth and thus disrupted the delicate balance of nature. One example is the year 1816, when the heavenly creatures grew so irritated with the constant abuse of nature that they left, leaving only Genbu as the remaining beast. In that year, the winter, Genbu’s domain, lasted so long that hundreds died.



“Oh…wow…Do you that’s what happened now? They grew angry and decided to not watch over our world?” Yayoi asked, looking at the words again. “But how can we convince them to come back?”

“There’s a reference to a Section IV: Strength of the Beasts. Maybe they have something about it.” Shiwasu pointed to a reference and flipped through the pages. “This is it.”



These beasts, while they may differ in terms of personality and ability, do recognize one thing in common. This is strength. If you are strong enough to defeat them, and I mean all five of them, then they will acknowledge you as an equal and will be willing to do something you ask them to. These can range from denying a certain area a particular season or element to bringing back order to a particularly chaotic piece of land.

Be warned, though, for these celestial beasts are strong, much stronger than your average human, demon, or youkai. Suzaku, watcher of Summer, commands the element of fire and can literally evaporate your blood with her heat. Seiryuu, the queen of Spring, has complete control over wood and can bring forth life as quickly as she can take it away. Byakko, the lord of Autumn, has mastered the element of metal and can freeze things in its hard touch. Genbu, the peace of Winter, possesses the techniques of water and can drown you from within. And their leader, Kirin, master of the change of seasons, controls earth and can trap you within its crust. Defeating these beasts is not an easy task, so if you intend on challenging them for any reason, you must be prepared. As you can imagine, each are weak to their opposing element. Wood is weak to metal, metal is weak to fire, fire is weak to water, water is weak to earth, and earth is weak to wood.

As for finding these creatures, they do not live on a similar plane as the rest of us. They reside on a third plane of existence, called the Celestial Plane. To reach their plane of existence, you’ll need the help of a powerful witch, for to open a portal to the celestial plane, you need to merge all five elements into one spot. Fire must merge with water, wood must merge with metal, and earth shall be added in order to create the portal. Once it is open, the portal shall last for a day before disappearing so a word of warning to those heading to the Celestial Plane. Have a way to get back or finish your deed within a day. And trust me, traveling the Celestial Plane will probably take longer than a day.



“Patchouli could help us!” Yayoi said eagerly as she finished reading the last paragraph. “She’s a really powerful witch who lives in the library. Although with the state of the elements this way…Well, Patchouli can probably handle it. Come on, let’s go ask her!”

“Okay, okay.” Shiwasu said, trying to calm down her companion. Sure, it felt good knowing that there was actually something they could do, but that was no reason to rush into anything. She slowly slid out of bed and winced as her foot hit the cold floor, pain from her earlier injuries still affecting her. Carefully, she lowered her other foot onto the floor and was relieved when it didn’t hurt as much. “You lead the way.” 

“So, you want me to merge all five elements into one? I know that’s the way to enter the Celestial Plane, but I have never heard of an attempt succeeding.” Patchouli said softly as she closed the leather-bound book she held in her hands. Standing up from her chair, she looked at Yayoi and Shiwasu with some measure of concern and skepticism. “And even if I did, how can I be sure you two will actually win?”

“Are you doubting our strength?” Shiwasu said, feeling the familiar sparks of anger lighting in her soul. ‘If she says yes, then I’ll show her how powerful we are. Besides, staying in a library for your whole life can’t be good for your physical shape. Injuries or not, I’ll show her the errors of her judgment.’

“As a matter of fact, I am. It will be hard enough creating the portal in the first place, since I’ll need some extra help containing the reacting elements, but I will also need to create something that will help you come back here. Having to ask that thief for help grates at my soul. And I still have no guarantees that you’ll be able to defeat the Heavenly Creatures. You barely survived fighting against Sakuya or have you forgotten your injuries so quickly? If she managed to wear you down that much, how do you expect to win against people twice or three times her strength?” Patchouli said bluntly.

“Tch…” Shiwasu grimaced, unable to come up with a suitable retort.

“How about this? Both of you fight me. If you win, I’ll go along with your plan and I might even believe you have a chance of winning. If not, then I’ll find some other people to take over.” Patchouli stated, folding her arms. “Do you think you can handle the One-Week Witch? I’ve been feeling at my best lately, so I should warn you to watch out.”

“When do you want to start? Now?” Shiwasu asked, baring her fangs.

“I’m afraid my bookshelves have handled all the damage they possibly can. There is a special room in this mansion that is perfect for fighting. I shall meet you there.” Patchouli said before grabbing her book and drifting out of the library, her long, purple robe obscuring her feet from view.

“Shiwasu!” Yayoi said in a whining voice. “Why do you always want to fight? You’re still hurt, remember?! Please, let’s just wait a day.”

“Wait a day and the elements will just get more disrupted. It was bad enough before, but now I dread seeing what has happened to our home.” Shiwasu replied. “And besides, my soul is calling out for the hunt. An injured wolf fights that much harder. Let’s go.”

“…Okay.” Yayoi sighed, somberly following after Shiwasu and hoping for her sake that her friend was correct.



“This is it?” Shiwasu asked, looking at the wide expanse of…room that surrounded them. To say that it was unadorned would be an understatement. The only things that were in the room were themselves. It was huge. It was boring. It was perfect for a fight. Shiwasu eyed the soon-to-be battlefield appraisingly, seeing if there was anything she could use to her advantage. ‘The walls seem smooth…and there aren’t any handholds anywhere. At least this room is big. Plenty of space to maneuver.’

“Yes. Here, we can show our full strength without having to worry about collateral damage.” Patchouli said, facing the two friends. She brought up a hand and summoned up a fireball. “Now, when this hits the ground, the battle will begin, okay?”

“Okay.” Yayoi nodded, flapping her wings so she could drift in mid-air. The half-demon had mixed feelings about the upcoming fight. She wanted to show Patchouli that the two of them were strong enough to take on anything that came at them, yet she was worried that they might severely hurt Patchouli, not to mention her worries about Shiwasu’s condition. ‘Well, the only thing I can do is try to finish this quickly. I hope nobody will get seriously hurt.’

“Oh, and one thing. Don’t underestimate me just because I read books for a living.” Patchouli said as she tossed the fireball into the air. Shiwasu watched the fireball slowly fly upwards, tensing as it arced gracefully downwards. A second later, it hit the floor, and Shiwasu leapt, speeding towards Patchouli. Before she could even blink, dozens of water bolts were being launched towards her. Suddenly, hundreds of tiny orbs collided with the bolts, destroying them. Giving Yayoi a small nod, Shiwasu continued on her path, coming even closer to the witch. Confident that her friend would give her all the support she needed, Shiwasu closed in on Patchouli.

Strangely enough, Patchouli only held her book out, still chanting words as she stood there, unafraid of the upcoming attack. Shiwasu just smirked as she attacked, her claws coming to rip apart her last piece of defense. However, when her claws smashed into the book, they scraped against the cover, which had suddenly become metal. The wolf youkai recoiled from the harsh sound that erupted from her nails hitting the metal and she stared at Patchouli in consternation.

“Give up? I control all of the elements. I could make fireballs rain upon your body. This whole room could be filled with water with a single chant. I could make this empty place seem like a breeze-filled forest. The very ground beneath you can tremble at my command. And objects such as my book can be coated with the hardest metal. And I am just a witch. Can you handle something stronger than that?” Patchouli taunted, holding her now-metal book at her side.

“Grrr…” Shiwasu fell on one knee, her previous injuries beginning to flare up again. ‘Maybe Yayoi was right. But still…I want to finish this now. I can’t wait.’

“You forgot about me!” Yayoi spoke up as she immediately fired off multiple orbs at Patchouli, all of which erupted against a magical barrier right before they could make contact with her. Yayoi followed up with a dive downwards, swinging one of her claws in a wide sweep that sent out two pink-colored arcs of energy hurtling towards Patchouli. The witch managed to defend against of the blasts, but the second one pierced her barrier and collided with her, knocking her down. Before she could even recover, Shiwasu was above her, battle lust on her face as she plunged a claw down, barely missing Patchouli’s neck.

The witch quickly saw that she was in trouble. With Shiwasu and Yayoi working together, she had to not only worry about the direct attacks by the wolf, but also the long-distance barrages set by the half-demon. To say that they made a good team would be an understatement. They both worked very well with each other, Shiwasu covering a delay in Yayoi’s attacks and Yayoi protecting Shiwasu from any magical attacks with her own magical orbs. Patchouli frowned as she backed away from Shiwasu, a hand over one of her major wounds.

‘They might have a chance after all…’ She thought to herself as she saw Shiwasu begin to attack again. ‘Still, unless they witness my full power, I can’t be certain.’

“Wood Sign ~Sylphae Horn~!”

Patchouli raised her hands and from behind her, a growth of trees could be seen. A snap of a finger and suddenly a huge gust of wind blew through the room, tearing the branches and leaves off of the trees and sending them in a random pattern towards Shiwasu and Yayoi. Shiwasu swung her arm out, brushing some of the leaves aside, but the move cost her some time, forcing her to haphazardly dodge the remaining leaves. As she sidestepped one group of leaves, however, her foot landed on one of the leaves already on the ground and she slipped, barely regaining her balance.

“Play Sign ~Friends Forever~!”

Suddenly, Yayoi appeared in front of her friend, spinning rapidly as thousands of magical orbs appeared around her with each spin. Finally stopping, Yayoi winked and pointed at Patchouli, sending all of the orbs hurtling in the witch’s direction. However, instead of attacking the witch, they formed a barrier around her, which had the additional effect of preventing any of the leaves from passing. When the leaves hit the barrier, they reflected backwards, heading back toward Patchouli. The witch’s eyes widened momentarily before she summoned up a miniature firestorm that disintegrated the rest of the leaves.

“Not a bad idea, using a magical barrier as a weapon.” Patchouli commented, watching the orbs slowly dissolve into small sparkles. “You might stand a chance if you two can keep working together like this. Still, it might not be enough. I have two more tests for you. Pass them both and I’ll help you.”

“I’m waiting.” Shiwasu challenged with a smile, holding up a claw up to her face.

“We’re not going to lose.” Yayoi said confidently, her nails glowing with a pink aura.

“Fire & Water Sign ~Raging Mist~!”

Patchouli raised her hands again and in one hand formed an orb of blue, a swirling maelstrom of water crashing within the small spear. In the other hand formed an orb of red, flames crackling within. Bringing with water orb down, she threw it straight at the two of them, throwing the fire orb a second later. The water orb seemed to break open, the magic containing the torrent of water wearing off as a wave of water came crashing down towards Shiwasu and Yayoi. The fire orb collided directly in the middle of the wave, the red color pulsing with the water. In a flash, it exploded, evaporating all of the water into a furious steam that flowed against the two.

Shiwasu hissed as the steam made contact with her. Not only did it burn, but it also made her ears and tail get heavy with moisture. It felt nothing like the pleasant steam that rose out of the hot springs in the mountains. What was worse was that because it was steam, there was no real way of avoiding it. They could only try to outlast the burning mist.

“Let’s go, Yayoi!” Shiwasu shouted, charging at Patchouli again, her fangs and claws bared. However, Patchouli only summoned two more orbs, holding them in her hands until Shiwasu was close enough. When she was, Patchouli released the water one, which exploded in a giant wall of water that stopped Shiwasu in her tracks. When the wave crashed over the youkai, Patchouli released the fire orb and let it drift slowly towards Shiwasu. She spotted Yayoi moving forward out of the corner of her eye, so she flung out a hand and six fireballs appeared around her wrist, rotating in a circle that expanded as they leapt towards Yayoi. The fireballs swarmed around the half-demon, preventing her from doing anything else but dodge.

Shiwasu fell to a knee, her clothes utterly soaked with water. She let out a hacking cough, trying to spit out all the water that had flowed into her mouth when the wave had hit her. Panting, she looked up to see the fire orb drifting lazily towards her. Even as she watched, she saw the magic holding the orb together unravel. Her eyes widened and she desperately tried to get of the way. ‘Shit…’

The resulting blast flung Shiwasu all the way across the room, making her crash into the ground and roll uncontrollably before she slammed into the wall, blood flying out of her mouth and dotting the floor. Shiwasu struggled to lift herself up, her arms shaking with the strain. Finally, she gave up, collapsing back onto the floor. Her vision was becoming blurry and it felt as if all the energy had left her body. The only thing she could feel was the pain that was flooding her body and she was thankful that she could feel something. She had one last thought before the world faded into black. ‘Dammit…I’ve got to get up…’

“Shiwasu!” Yayoi shouted in fear as she watched her friend get thrown across the room. She turned her gaze to Patchouli, deep-blue eyes sparking with anger. Lifting herself in the air slightly, she abruptly went into a dive, sweeping down with her hand, creating another arc of pink energy. “Nobody does that to my friend!”

“Futile.” Patchouli brought up a hand to deflect the arc, a flurry of water bolts flying out of her hand to crash against the energy. She followed with another circle of fireballs, which homed in on Yayoi’s position and exploded all around her. The half-demon coughed, the fire’s smoke clouding her view. A sphere of dirt crashed into her, flipping her in mid-air and leaving her vulnerable to another one of the witch’s attacks. Patchouli sighed, disappointed.

“You truly think you can take on the Heavenly Creatures with just this?” Patchouli shook her head, staring at Yayoi seriously. “I am just one. They are five. You stand no chance.”

“We will win!” Yayoi shot back, bringing her hands together to summon a giant orb with various, smaller lights floating within. She flung it with all her might at Patchouli and she was pleased to see it break through her defenses. However, when the lights left the orb to attack Patchouli, they were quickly snuffed by the wind, Patchouli’s powers over Wood giving her enough power to manipulate a small portion of air.

‘There’s got to be a way to win!’ Yayoi thought furiously to herself. She had to win, in order to see this through to the end. They had traveled all the way from their home to find the answer to this mystery and fix it. Why should they be denied the chance to finish their work?! It wasn’t right and she wouldn’t let that happen! She clenched her fists, not noticing the fact that her nails had grown by a full inch. “I’m not going to let you defeat me!”

“Let me see, child.” Patchouli returned.

‘Grrr…I’ll show her my strength!’ Yayoi growled, a blood-red mist starting to cloud her eyes. She let out a fearsome scream, her normally clear voice now harsh and rattling. Even her wings seemed to have grown and Yayoi charged at Patchouli, an insane grin on her face as she swiped at the witch, instantly breaking the magical barrier. Patchouli recoiled in shock, just barely remembering to send off a counter attack.

‘Was she always this strong?’ Patchouli thought to herself.

‘Where’d this power come from?’ Yayoi wondered as she tore through one of Patchouli’s spells. ‘I was never able to do something like this before. But this is awesome! I wonder if I can keep it!’

‘You can, child.’ A deep, rough-sounding voice spoke in her head.

‘What? Who are you? What the hell is going on?’

‘I am the demon inside you. But ignore that. I can give you the power to defeat whoever you want. You just have to let me take over for a little bit of time.’

‘No way! I like controlling my body! There’s got to be some sort of catch!’

‘There’s no catch, trust me. And besides, without my help, how do you expect to defeat this witch? Your friend already failed. Why, I wouldn’t be surprised if she was dead right now.’

‘You’re lying! I can beat her without your help!’

‘Oh really?’ The voice let out chuckle. ‘I highly doubt that. I can already tell that you’re weakening, even with a little bit of my assistance. Come on, trust me.’

‘Why should I?’

‘Because we’re one and the same, Yayoi. Just because you’re half-human doesn’t mean you can’t use any of your demonic powers. By letting me take control, you’re just letting a side of yourself free.’

‘…There’s something…that I can’t trust about you. Something long ago…’

‘Tsk, are you going to spend time thinking about it or are you going to show that witch your true power? I’m sure Shiwasu will be amazed that you could defeat her by yourself. Why, I’m sure she’ll be happy that you can do this.’

‘…I don’t know…’

‘Come on!’

‘Fine.’

“Perfect!” The deep voice erupted from Yayoi’s throat and she let out another scream, clutching at her head. Her nails grew out even more, the tips razor sharp. Blood began slowly trickling down her face, caused by the two short, pointed horns that had grew out of the top of her head. Her wings slowly became tinted with red and her eyes had been fully enveloped by the blood-red mist. The scream faded away and Yayoi, or whatever she had become, smirked evilly at Patchouli, revealing her newly grown fangs. “I am reborn!”

“Wha-What happened?” Patchouli staggered backwards, wondering what had just happened. She barely had time to react when Yayoi was already in front of her, claws already slicing through her chest. ‘Aaagh, h-how?’

“Die, die, die! Hahahaha, nobody can stop me!” Yayoi laughed insanely, bringing in another clawed hand to stab Patchouli again. Before it could connect, another hand stopped her and Yayoi turned on the intruder, fury blazing in her eyes. “Who are you and what do you want?!”

“My, my. I know we just met once, but I thought you would remember me.” The silver-blue haired vampire kept her hold on Yayoi’s arm, smiling confidently as she looked at the outraged expression on the half-demon’s face. “Hmm…If I knew your blood contained this much power, I might have paid more attention to you. But for now, I don’t tolerate guests harming my servants.”

“Let go of me or else I’ll just kill you along with her!” Yayoi shouted, withdrawing her claw from Patchouli’s chest, the nails coating with blood. She swung it towards Remilia, who just stood there, watching with an enigmatic smile. “Prepare to die!”

“You see…” Remilia stopped Yayoi’s other attack with her other hand. “You cannot defeat me. The very path in front of you is decided by my hand. You can try to break through the hold, but fate will once again draw you within its fold. As the one who can manipulate fate, prepare to walk the road you were destined to travel!”



“Ugh…” Shiwasu’s eyes slowly opened and she gave a start as she saw an unfamiliar face staring at her. She winced as her wounds flared up and she squinted at the face, her eyes swelling with tears. “Who…Who are you?”

“I am the mistress of this mansion.” She walked up to the bed, looking at Shiwasu sternly. “You do realize your friend is a very dangerous person, don’t you? I would have killed her if she hadn’t fainted in the middle of her rampage.”

“Rampage?” Shiwasu said wonderingly, paling as she realized what Remilia meant. “Oh no…I thought that demon wasn’t active.”

“You sound like you know about this. Now tell me what happened, because that demon caused my friend a lot of pain.” Remilia sat down and folded her arms, watching Shiwasu. “Give me a good reason for not wiping her out right now.”

“She’s only snapped once…It was a long time ago, when she was a child.” Shiwasu grimaced, memories returning.



“Shiwasu! Shiwaasuuuu!” A young Yayoi wandered through the forest, looking through the trees for any sign of her friend. Only the wind answered her and she pouted slightly, upset. The childish part of her brain starting saying that Shiwasu was just playing a prank on her and it made her pout even more. She pushed through the forest a little more. “She just said she was going out to hunt…It doesn’t take this long.”

“Yayoi!” Shiwasu gasped, breaking through a group of bushes to see her young charge standing in front of her, curiosity in her eyes. Shiwasu cast a worried glance behind her and grabbed Yayoi’s arm. “What are you doing here?! I told you to stay in the cave!”

“You took so long and I got worried!” Yayoi replied petulantly. “Why are you covered with blood?”

“It’s nothing!” Shiwasu said hurriedly, grimacing as she felt more blood slide out of a wound in her leg. She heard crashing sounds behind her and she tried to speed up, only to trip over an underlying tree branch. She managed to keep Yayoi safe from harm, but she landed heavily on her stomach, the breath knocked from her lungs.

“Hahahaha! There she is! The Demon Wolf of Shuuyoujo!” Three humans, youkai hunters by the looks of it, burst on the scene, swords clutched in their hands. One of them pointed a sword at the fallen Shiwasu. “Look! It’s the perfect time! Let’s kill her now!”

“…” Shiwasu groaned, trying to stand up. She managed to balance on her hands, blood dripping out of the corner of her mouth. ‘Dammit…How could this happen? Defeated…by humans, no less. Tch, taking care of Yayoi has made me weaker…’

“H-Hey! What are you going to do to my friend?!” Yayoi shouted, putting her body in front of Shiwasu. She pierced the youkai hunters with her fiercest glare, although it honestly wasn’t that fierce. “You better not hurt her!”

“Aw, get the brat out of the way! We’ll kill her next if she turns out to be a youkai.” The second man swiped Yayoi away, positioning himself behind Shiwasu. He brought his sword down, his sword driving through Shiwasu’s back. She let out a gasp before collapsing onto the ground. The man just laughed and yanked out his sword. “Hahaha! Now for the girl!”

“Y-You killed my friend!” Yayoi shouted, her eyes overflowing with tears. “I…I’m going to kill you all!”

She let out a shout and she raised one hand, where her palm was inscribed with an intricate seal. Bringing up a sharp nail, she slashed her palm, letting the blood fall over the marked skin. There was a flash and the wound was healed, the blood disappearing from her hand. Yayoi pointed the hand at the three hunters, her lips curled in a murderous smile.

“You pushed her to the brink…so you three shall fall into the abyss!” Yayoi shouted in a deep voice as she ran towards the hunters.

It was over in less than a minute. Shiwasu, who was miraculously still alive, could only watch in growing horror as she watched Yayoi, the young girl she had raised, slaughter the humans. She felt sick to her stomach and she almost wished she had been dead so she wouldn’t have seen the horrible sight. Even now, Yayoi was standing on top of one of the corpses, the man’s heart clutched in her hand. With a maniacal laugh, she crushed it between her fingers.

‘N-No…I can’t believe this…What happened to her? She’s…she’s too strong.’ Shiwasu thought, frightened out of her wits. This girl, this nine year-old girl, was showing more power than she should really have. It was beyond anything that Shiwasu had seen. Even her own power couldn’t match up. It was like comparing the flatlands to the very mountain they lived in. She let out a pained moan, stiffening as she felt Yayoi’s attention draw to her.

“Oh, so you’re not dead. Well, I’ll fix that!” Yayoi shouted gleefully, walking towards Shiwasu.

‘Aaaah…What did I do wrong? Why did this happen?’ Shiwasu thought as she heard Yayoi step closer towards her. There wasn’t anything she could do to defend herself. All of her energy was spent.

However, the claw halted right above her neck. Yayoi was restraining her arm, preventing it from landing the killing blow. “No! You can’t kill her! She’s my friend!”

Yayoi let out another scream before she flashed again, collapsing unconscious next to Shiwasu.



“We got lucky. A wandering healer found us and nursed us back to health. He also took away the seal that allowed Yayoi to summon that…demon side of her. She had forgotten all about the incident when she had woken up. I assumed that it was gone forever. ” Shiwasu muttered, unhappy. “Guess I was wrong.”

“You sure were.” Remilia scolded. “Still, it seems that this demon only appears during times of great stress and worry. I assume that seal was just an easier way for Yayoi to draw into its power.”

She folded her arms and got off of the bed, looking suspiciously at Shiwasu. “I don’t know if I should keep her alive. This power only bespeaks of danger, especially since it seems this demon wouldn’t mind killing you.”

“…” Shiwasu looked at the bedsheets, her hands balling into fists. “Please…Don’t blame her. She was only trying to protect me.”

“And she nearly killed one of my servants.” Remilia said.

“But you don’t need to kill her, do you? There must be some way to seal the demon.” Shiwasu pleaded. “Maybe that miko from the shrine could do it?”

“Reimu?” Remilia asked thoughtfully. “It might be possible…and Patchouli said that she needed Reimu anyway. Very well. If this demon side can be sealed, I won’t kill her. If it can’t, Yayoi dies.”

“Thank you very much!” Shiwasu said gratefully.

“It’s just a good thing that her blood is so interesting. I wouldn’t bother otherwise.” Remilia said loftily as she left the room. Shiwasu sighed and looked down at the hands, marred with scars from numerous battles.

‘I need to become stronger…so that Yayoi will never have to call the demon again.’ 

“What are you doing now, Genbu? Wasting more time by keeping tabs on those worthless beings in Gensokyo? I thought the Empress told us to keep out of their business.” Suzaku’s angry voice lashed out at the protector of winter. Genbu turned from his work and looked calmly at his fellow protector. Suzaku folded her arms and grimaced impatiently, waiting for some reply.

“She just said not to monitor their conditions in accordance to the weather. I was simply checking to see what they’re up to. Apparently, two of them have the idea of defeating us in battle in order to bring back order to their world.” Genbu explained, pointing at the scrying pool that he had been looking through. “I find it interesting.”

“You would find rocks interesting.” Suzaku snapped, stalking up to the short, stocking young man. She grabbed him by the collar of his robe and shook him a bit, her anger flaring as Genbu maintained his calm demeanor. “Your damn passiveness makes me so pissed off. One kick to the crotch and you’d be rolling on the floor.”

“I really don’t think so. After all, we gods don’t have a gender, so technically, I might not feel any pain at all.” A slightly mocking smile appeared on Genbu’s lips as he pried off Suzaku’s hands off of his clothes. He adjusted his rumpled collar and folded his arms, looking at Suzaku appraisingly. “Do you think they have a chance against us?”

“Of course not! Two measly mortals from a land that was forsaken by us? I would be surprised if they even managed to get here, much less defeat us. If you honestly think they have a chance, I think you overestimate them.” Suzaku snorted, her flame-red eyes narrowed with anger.

“Perhaps.” Genbu shrugged, turning back towards the scrying pool. “If you are so confident, why not face them first? Don’t forget though, fire can burn brightly, but it can burn out quicker than you think.”

“Pah! I’ll show you how it’s done. They’ll die before they can even catch a break from the blazing sun.” Suzaku spat on the ground before turning on her heel, leaving Genbu to his magic. She grumbled to herself as she stomped around the Celestial Plane, her temper appeased only slightly when she made a nearby tree burst into flames. “That damned Genbu…I think he likes those mortals way more than he should.”

“So let’s see what you do, Shiwasu and Yayoi.” Genbu said, staring into the scrying pool. “Can you extinguish the flames or will you perish in them?”



Yayoi woke up with a gasp, her head pounding with an unexplainable throbbing. She put a hand to her head, wondering why she couldn’t remember what had happened in the latter part of the fight. She could remember when that demon had offered her power, but after that, everything seemed to be black. All she could feel now was just that throbbing headache that kept pounding at her skull.

‘What have I done? Why can’t I remember?’ Yayoi brought her hands down, staring as they began to shake uncontrollably. She didn’t even know why they were shaking. The nails seemed to grow out for just a second and suddenly an image of her with two, pointed horns flashed in her head, causing her to double over as pain flooded her body again. “Aaah…What was that?”

“Oh, so you’re awake.”

“Ah, Mistress Remilia.” Yayoi looked up at the voice and saw the vampire standing by the doorway, her arms folded. Remilia walked up to her and put a hand on Yayoi’s forehead, slowly pushing her back down on the bed. “W-What are you doing?”

“Do you remember anything from last night?” Remilia asked seriously.

“The battle? W-Well…Around half of it, I guess. Everything else is a blank. W-Why? What happened to me?” Yayoi said, starting to feel slightly nervous at the question. The only reason she would be asked that is if she had done something really bad.

Remilia toyed with the idea of telling her, wondering if it would be best to keep the whole demon fiasco a secret from the seemingly clueless girl. She could see a good reason for telling Yayoi however. If she did, there might be a way for Yayoi to control the power instead of going on a rampage. The chances of that were slim, however, and there was no guarantee that Yayoi could control the power forever.

‘Still, even if that demon managed to take total control, I could still defeat it in an instant.’ Remilia thought, settling for telling the young girl about her hidden strength. “Yayoi, before your memories disappear, do you remember anything about a demon within you?”

“Y-Yes.” Yayoi stammered, surprised. “How did you know that?”

“Because that demon took over your body and nearly killed Patchouli. I stopped it, but that still doesn’t mean it won’t be coming back. It was only because of your friend that I didn’t kill you outright.” Remilia said. “So, you have an insanely powerful demon dwelling inside of you and you never knew it?”

“No! How could I? I don’t remember ever learning about this demon. Is that the thing that was offering me power during the middle of the fight?” Yayoi looked at Remilia, her eyes wide with fear and guilt. “I-I nearly killed Patchouli? She was my friend…one of the first friends I had made out of Mt. Shuuyoujo. W-What have I done?”

“A lot, trust me.” Remilia said dryly. “Lucky for you, there might be a way to help seal the demon’s murderous instincts so that you can call upon the power at will and not go berserk. However, that will have to wait until you’re fully healed and when our darling miko Reimu arrives. I really did a number on you when you challenged me. Don’t try doing that again.”

“I won’t. But how can I be certain that I won’t go crazy if I try to call on the demon again?” Yayoi asked, looking at her hands again.

“You can’t.” Remilia said. “You just have to control the power. If you believe you can’t, then we shouldn’t even bother trying to seal up the demon. It would just be a waste of energy.”

“I…I see.” Yayoi whispered, too stunned over the recent revelations to say anything. Remilia gave a sigh and patted Yayoi on the head, mussing up a little of her pinkish-red hair.

“Think about it. You’re a lot stronger than you look.” Remilia got off of the bed and walked towards the door. Before she left, she said one last thing. “By the way, I might need some of your blood later. Please be a dear and get healthy by then.”



“Huff…Huff…” Shiwasu wiped the sweat off of her forehead, looking satisfactorily at the remains of the log she was practicing on. Wood chips were lying everywhere and her arms ached with pain, blood slowly dripping off of the numerous cuts on her fists. She heard a sound come from behind her and she turned, frowning when she saw who it was. “Oh, you’re that shrine maiden. What the hell are you doing here?”

“Patchouli asked me for help with something. I don’t know why I’m here myself.” Reimu sighed and shrugged. “All I know is that it’s something to do with you and your friend. Once again, you disrupt me from my shrine duties. And I had so much work I planned to do today.”

Shiwasu snorted, disbelief written on her face. “I’ve only visited your shrine once and I highly doubt that you do any work at all. So, why are you here instead of talking with that librarian witch?”

“I thought I might take a walk around. I haven’t visited the Scarlet Devil Mansion in some time and I wanted to see if Remilia had made any changes.” Reimu said loftily, a careless smile on her face. “Ah…I forgot. Remilia invited me for tea. I should get going.”

“Perhaps you should.” Shiwasu replied noncommittally as she turned back to her training. She was halfway through her exercises when she realized that Reimu was still standing behind her. The youkai suppressed a groan of irritation and faced the shrine maiden, who was acting like she was doing nothing wrong.

“What are you still doing here?”

“Oh, I thought it would be interesting to watch you.” Reimu said, twirling the wooden rod she carried around. “I just wonder why you’re training so much. Why, you defeated me quite easily.”

“Hmph. One doesn’t grow stronger without training.” Shiwasu muttered, giving up on her training and wrapping white linen bandages around her hands. She looked up at Reimu, suspicious. “Besides, I don’t even think you were fighting at full strength then. A human who has lived alone in this world? And for some time, apparently? There must be some hidden strength within you.”

“I’m just a regular old shrine maiden.” Reimu said. “Not old, though. Anyway, I might as well take up Remilia’s offer of tea. Since you’re finished training, why don’t you join us?”

“I don’t like tea.” Shiwasu said, tying the last of the bandages around her fists. One last tug and she was done. “Besides, I’m worried about my friend.”

“Okay, whatever suits you.” Reimu raised a hand in farewell as she left. Shiwasu sighed and ran a hand through her brown-black hair, wondering what the maiden’s purpose was in searching her out.

‘I’m probably just thinking this out too much.’ Shiwasu shook her head and walked back into the mansion.



“So that girl has a raging demon soul within her?” Reimu asked as she looked over at Remilia. She took a small sip of the tea and set down the teacup down on the wooden table. “What do you expect me to do? I’m not even sure I can do anything to help.”

“I was afraid of that.” Remilia grimaced. “I could easily alter fate in order to quell the demon inside, but that would feel like cheating. Even if brute force usually makes everything all right in this world.”

“It might be possible…” Reimu looked at her tea thoughtfully. “But it would require some time. And it might permanently damage her mind, since this demon is a part of her. I can seal the demon’s power within her and by teaching her a couple of verses, she can unlock the power and still retain full control of her mentality. Of course, should anything go wrong, there’s a big chance that the demon inside her will take control of her body permanently. Ah, the difficulties of being a shrine maiden.”

“But it is possible.” Remilia said.

“Certainly.” Reimu said with confidence. “Ask the half-demon and her friend to see if it’s okay with them and tell me if it is. I have some ingredients to gather.”

“My maid can get them for you.” Remilia said, clapping her hands lightly. In an instant, Sakuya was at her side, bowing.

“How can I help you, Mistress Remilia?” Sakuya said quietly.

“Reimu here has some things she needs. I can count on you to gather them, right?”

“Of course.” Sakuya replied, turning towards Reimu. “Well? What do you need?”

“Let me write them down.” Reimu said, quickly finishing up a small list. She handed it to Sakuya and in a couple of minutes, the maid was back, all the ingredients in her hands. She quickly dumped them in front of Reimu and clapped her hands.

“Is there anything else you require, mistress?” Sakuya asked.

“Nope. Thank you for your work, Sakuya.” Remilia dismissed her head maid with a wave of her hand. “Feel free to do whatever you want until I require something else from you.”

“Okay, milady.” Sakuya bowed one last time before departing from the room, leaving Remilia and Reimu alone.

“Well, if you’ll excuse me, I have something I need to do.” Reimu said, carefully tucking each of the ingredients into separate leather bags. “Time for me to get to work…And after this I have to help Patchouli with her portal too. I know this is to help Gensokyo, but how depressing.”



“Ah...Yayoi, you’re all right.” Shiwasu walked into the infirmary, a relieved smile on her face when she saw her pink-haired friend sitting up in the bed. She immediately rushed to Yayoi’s side, where she tried to hide her concern by simply nodding when she saw that all of Yayoi’s injuries where healed. Changing her smile into a scolding frown, she hit Yayoi lightly on the shoulder. “You shouldn’t worry me like that.”

Yayoi managed to give Shiwasu a wan smile. “I’m sorry.”

“Is something wrong?” Shiwasu asked nervously, wondering why her friend sounded so depressed. “You’re not in any pain, are you?”

“No, no.” Yayoi shook her head. “It’s just…Do you know anything about some sort of demon inside me? Some bloodthirsty one?”

“Hahaha…” Shiwasu faked a laugh, her nervousness increasing. “You’re half-demon you know. The only demon inside of you is yourself. I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

“Ah…Okay.” Yayoi looked at Shiwasu a little suspiciously, trying to see why the youkai was avoiding her gaze. “You really don’t know?”

“O-Of course not!” Shiwasu laughed again. “I mean, I took care of you for years. Surely I would know about something like that. Please, don’t worry about crazy stuff like that anymore.”

“You know something about it, don’t you? I’ve lived with you for the majority of my life and I know when you’re lying. Your tail twitches and your ears flatten.” Yayoi stated matter-of-factly. “So, since you know about it, why won’t you tell me?”

“Tch…” Shiwasu looked away. “The only reason why I didn’t tell you was because the only time I had seen this raging demon was long ago. You had forgotten all about the incident, so I thought it would be best to keep you in the dark about it. Imagine telling a child that she just slaughtered three people.”

“I-I see…” Yayoi said. “Then why did you continue to take care of me if you knew all of this?”

“What could I do? You were my friend and it was my duty to take care of you. I wouldn’t abandon you. N-Not that I really cared or anything. It was just nice having someone else around at times.” Shiwasu said, her cheeks flushing red.

The door opened and Remilia stepped in the room, a smile appearing on her face. “Ah, you’re both here. That’s good. I have something to tell you both.”

“What is it?” Yayoi asked, concerned. “I didn’t do anything else, did I?”

“No, no. You might even enjoy this.” Remilia said. “There might be a way to make sure that Yayoi doesn’t go crazy again and still be able to retain that power. There’s no guarantees that it’ll work, but at least there’s a chance. And I could always just alter fate just a tiny bit to help you. But of course we need your approval.”

Yayoi and Shiwasu exchanged glances. In one voice, they replied, “You got it.”



“So, you’re sure this is going to work.” Shiwasu asked apprehensively as she watched Reimu slowly etch an intricate magic circle on the ground, who was taking the utmost care to make sure that nothing was out of place. In the center was a wide pentagram, where Yayoi was positioned, each of her limbs positioned on a point in the star. At the tip of each star, a letter was inscribed, the letters being S, A, L, U, and S. Reimu let out a soft sigh as she finished the outer circle, wiping off some sweat from her forehead.

“I never said I was sure. I just said there was a good probability of it succeeding.” Remilia said, watching the proceedings with interest. “Ah, the five-pointed star. It’s been so long since I’ve seen it.”

Shiwasu groaned inwardly, knowing she wouldn’t get any exact answers from the vampiress. She could only watch as Reimu stood at the head of the circle, her palms together as she chanted rhythmically. Bringing them apart, she withdrew numerous seals from under her sleeves, spreading them in her hands as she threw them on the symbols on the outer circle.

“I call upon ye, powers of those who are immortal, to lend me your strength! A great power, one who seeks to destroy and harm, is amongst our presence. As one who dutifully fulfills her duties in maintaining the watch over this world, let me seal away this lust for havoc and chaos.” Reimu intoned as she finished slapping seals on each of the outer markings. Stepping over to the inner circle, she laid five different seals above each of the letters. She sprinkled a bit of incense over each of the seals before returning to her position outside of the circle. “Let the soul, one who has had to live with this demon writhing inside her, learn how to control this power by herself, without giving over to the lust. Watch over her, gods, and protect her as one of your own!”

Reimu withdrew one last seal, this one bigger than the rest with the Japanese characters for god written on it. She flung it to the center of the pentagram, where it hovered over Yayoi’s heart, rotating wildly. “Five Pointed Seal!”

The floating seal suddenly exploded in a pillar of blue-white light, each of the seals at the star’s points reacting to the light and sending up their own magic as well. Shiwasu could only watch as she heard the sounds of screaming from inside the pillar, trying to stop herself from rushing into the magic circle. The screams suddenly cut off, just as the light began to fade into small sparkles.

Yayoi was still lying in the middle of the star, the seals surrounding her dissolving into dust. She twitched once, smoke rising off of her skin. Her eyes slowly opened and a smile appeared on her lips as she stood up, brushing some of the ash from her body. She looked at Shiwasu, who, with a plummeting heart, saw that her once-blue eyes had now turned a crimson red. 


Shiwasu Okami (Wolf Youkai) – Shiwasu was living in the mountains of Gensyoko when she smelled the scent of something peculiar. Following her nose, she came across Yayoi, who had been abandoned in the forest. After briefly considering eating the young child, Shiwasu decided to bring the young girl back to her cave, where she raised Yayoi as her own. Shiwasu doesn’t know why she decided to save the girl, other than the fact that seeing the young baby made a warm feeling creep into her heart. She continues to watch over her charge, although Yayoi is at a pretty mature age. When the elements started acting out of control, she decides to find the cause of the disturbance so that her small spot in the world won’t get destroyed by the chaos. She was dead set again Yayoi coming along with her, but at the end she relented.

Shiwasu isn’t a very social person, preferring to stay alone in her caves in the northern mountains. She makes her home in the tallest mountain called Mt. Shuuyoujo. When she does talk, Shiwasu speaks in short, clipped sentences and is not much of an eloquent speaker. She’s fairly aggressive, however, and doesn’t hesitate anyone who would get in his way. Luckily for her, Yayoi manages to hold her back against any of her animalistic tendencies. Shiwasu has two stubby, black-haired ears on the top of her head and a thin, brown-black haired tail. Half of her hair is tied in a pair of long braids that drop to the middle of her back and the rest she lets hang out loosely. Her eyes are a vibrant green, similar to the color of emeralds.

She wears a pair of long, open-fingered brown leather gloves and a pair of soft-soled leather boots. Two small, blue ribbons tie her braids together. She wears a lacy, cotton skirt that reaches to her knees and the skirt is colored an earthy green, with portions that seemed to be fading into brown. Accompanying the skirt is dark-blue/blackish blouse with short sleeves. A dark, blood-red ribbon is tied around her right arm and a jeweled ring inscribed with the characters (藤原 秀衡) is on the index finger of her left hand.


Yayoi Mikami (Half-Demon) – Yayoi has no memory of her childhood. Instead, her past consists of a pure darkness that was only lifted when she realized that Shiwasu had saved her. Ever since that day, Yayoi has hung around the wolf youkai, even though Shiwasu has repeatedly said that Yayoi is old enough to go out on her own. Yayoi feels extremely indebted to Shiwasu and therefore stays with her out of loyalty and affection. When the youkai decided to investigate the disturbance of the elements, Yayoi immediately decided to lend a hand. While this arrangement is unsatisfactory to the youkai, Yayoi continues to move forward so she may continue to repay Shiwasu’s generosity. She has no personal reason for stopping the chaos caused by the uncontrolled elements. After all, the chaos is fun and it appeals to her demon side.

Yayoi possesses a personality that slightly contrasts Shiwasu’s reclusive attitude. Unlike the wolf youkai, Yayoi is more open to others, perhaps by trying to compensate her lack of static memories of her past. However, she does have her moments where she is just as silent as Shiwasu, although these moments are rare and usually do not last long. Most of the time, she’s cheery and upbeat, the happy side of the pair. She does get depressed about some things, but instead of dwelling on it, she moves on so that she doesn’t drown in despair.

Yayoi possesses long, pinkish-red hair that she lets fall down to her shoulders. Her eyes shine in a blood-red light although her true eye color is a deep shade of blue. Her ears are slightly pointed and push through the hair a bit, revealing the demonic side of Yayoi. She wears a long, black and blue dress that leaves the shoulders and arms bare. A large, blue-white ribbon is tied around her waist. She has two small, leathery demon wings on her back and slightly below the ribbon is a thin, pointed tail. She wears lacy socks and small, wooden sandals on her feet.

“Something must be done about Gensokyo! Once again, the seasons have been disrupted from their usual cycle. I understand that the abundance of youkai living in the area might cause some chaos, but I never would have assumed that there would be this much chaos in this land.”

“Suzaku, I understand your anger. However, we must be patient about this. After all, isn’t it Seiryuu’s seasons that have been altered? As of now, nothing has happened to the other seasons and I don’t believe we need to resort to drastic action.”

“Your mind moves too slow, Genbu! Spring has been altered twice! How long will it be before Autumn is changed? Or perhaps your beloved Winter might be affected? As I recall, you weren’t protesting much when Winter lasted far longer than it should have. Perhaps you don’t want to do something about it because you are afraid you won’t get any more advantages like that.”

“Calm down, Suzaku. The fire in your soul is useful, in occasion. Stoke it too much and you’ll have an inferno in your hands. However, I must agree that some action must be taken on Gensokyo. Our cycle, our existence, depends on order and constant cycles. They have disrupted this cycle one too many times for them to go without punishment.”

“Byakko…Very well. If Seiryuu too wishes for action, then I shall go along with the rest of the flow. I can only move with the shifting of the waves, I cannot stop their motion.”

“I control the element of wood. My heart is filled with life, with the pure essence of nature. I cannot wish ill on Gensokyo without wishing ill on myself. While the residents of that land have been causing trouble, I do not wish to condemn them for a few mistakes.”

“Mistakes?! Are you crazy, Seiryuu? Did you not notice the fact that your precious trees were drained of your essence last year? Did you not see the massive overgrowth of flowers that occurred this Spring? And yet you don’t believe that chaos like this should be punished? You are weak!”

“Suzaku, you insult one of your own? Don’t forget, you aren’t the master of all seasons! We are all equals, with our own respective strengths and weaknesses. Do not suppose that you are stronger than us. As I recall, water will overcome fire. I would advise against taunting the ocean, for one day it will envelop the world.”

“I grow tired of your talk, Genbu. It is either action or nothing. I warn you though, if you don’t do anything, don’t come crying to me when you discover your beloved Winter has dwindled to almost nothing.”

“Yes… When you disturb order, you create anarchy. We are the Heavenly Beasts, watching over the world to make sure the seasons pass without error. What are we if we do not do our jobs? Nothing more than glorified animals.”

“Then let us leave our final decision to our Empress. After all, while we just govern the seasons, she is the one who causes the change of seasons. If anyone is affected the most, it must be her, for it is her powers that have been blocked the most.”

“A wise idea, Seiryuu. Then, great Kirin, what is your decision? Shall Gensokyo be punished? Or shall they continue to roam without our judgment?”

“…I think the inhabitants of Gensokyo will need to learn a hard lesson. They shall see what their antics will entail. Let them act as they will. Let their Springs be short. Let their Winters be long. Let the elements roam free without any restrictions. From this day forth, Gensokyo will be out of our protection. We shall not monitor their conditions nor shall we restrict what happens in that land. From this day forward, Gensokyo is free of the protection from the Celestial Beasts.”



“Yayoi! Yayoi! Where the hell are you?!” A girl walked through the forest path, her expression showing more than just mild irritation. She paused, letting out a huge sigh as she scratched her blackish-brown hair. This was the third time in the past two days that Yayoi had gone out by herself to goof around. She was getting very irritated at the behavior and even a slightly bit worried. Suddenly, a hand reached out and grabbed the end on her wolf tail and yanked hard. She let out a shocked scream before falling to the ground.

“Hee hee, Shiwasu! I was wondering when you would find me.” The person, no, half-demon, in question popped out from behind a couple of bushes and skipped up to Shiwasu’s prone body, an impish smile on her face. Her lightish-pink hair fell across her face and Yayoi moved it to the side so she could enjoy the wolf youkai’s expression for a bit longer.

“Damn it, Yayoi! You know how much that hurts!” Shiwasu climbed up to her feet, one hand massaging her injured tail. She glared angrily at the half-demon, wanting to do nothing more than ripping the girl’s head from her shoulders. Her anger quickly faded, however, and she let out a tired sigh as she looked seriously at the younger girl. “And why are you playing tricks like that anyway? You’re a grown girl. You should be going out on your own.”

“Aw, but you know I want to stay with you, Shiwasu. I need to repay you for saving my life, remember?” Yayoi grinned cheekily as she pranced up to the wolf youkai’s side.

“And I regret doing so every day of my life.” Shiwasu muttered. Yayoi knew she didn’t mean it, though, and continued walking by her side, humming to herself. Finally, Shiwasu gave up on her cold attitude and patted Yayoi on the head, ruffling her pinkish hair. “You little minx. I should kick you out of my home. You’re ruining the silence.”

“You secretly like it, I know.” Yayoi retorted jokingly, smiling. “How long have I been living with you?”

“Ten years too long, ever since I found you wandering in my forest. A small, young girl…Mmmm…I was so hungry that day, I would have eaten you in one bite. You didn’t even scream, though, just asked me if I wanted to be friends. I should have eaten you instead of taking you in. Just imagine how many naps were broken because you wanted to do something fun.” Shiwasu sighed, remembering events from long past.

“Aw, come on, Shiwasu. You’re being mean.” Yayoi complained, looking up at her friend with wide, teary eyes. Her thin, pointed tail looped around her waist and Yayoi grabbed it for security, as if she was clutching a baby blanket. “You honestly wouldn’t eat me, right?”

“Sigh…No, I won’t. Now stop being childish. We have to return home before nightfall.” Shiwasu scolded, heading off to her cave in the mountains. Her black-brown tail swished majestically behind her, making Yayoi want to pull on it again. She managed to tamp down on the impulse, however, and ran after Shiwasu, who quickened her pace when she heard the half-demon shouting at her to stop.

When Shiwasu finally reached the caves, she discovered two things that were extremely wrong. First, it had taken her approximately two hours to return yet the sun was still high in the sky when it should have been setting. Second, the lake near the entrance to her cave was on fire. And to her knowledge, water does not spontaneously explode into flame.

“Hey Shiwasu, why have you stopped?” Yayoi walked up behind her friend when she noticed the burning lake. She scratched her head nervously as she watched the fires burn higher and higher. She was completely speechless, a fact that Shiwasu reveled in for the short moment that it happened. It wore off in a couple of minutes, however, and Yayoi regained her wits. “Um…Did you redecorate?”

“Of course not!” Shiwasu said angrily, irritated at the idiotic question. “In all my years living in Mt. Shuuyoujo, I’ve never seen anything like this. Not only should it be evening, but the lake is on fire. Something is wrong here.”

“What could it be?” Yayoi mused, a finger at her chin. “Someone put oil on the lake and set it on fire?”

“Why would somebody do that? And that still doesn’t explain why it isn’t night right now.”

“Somebody collected a lot of time orbs?”

“…Please stop offering answers, Yayoi. I might really eat you if you continue to do so.” Shiwasu muttered irritably, wincing as she felt a headache creep into her skull. It was bad enough that her nice, solitary lifestyle had been interrupted for ten straight years, but now someone had decided to ruin her nice, remote haven. She had no doubt that soon sightseers would come to see the flaming lake and ask her incessant annoying questions. She already had one person who did that all the time.

It was then that she noticed that the lake wasn’t the only thing that was out of place. The dry earth under her feet was slowly morphing into mud, even though there wasn’t any sign of rain or water. Some of the trees around her were slowly crumbling into dust. All these phenomena were frightening and Shiwasu hated being frightened. It made her want to tear something to shreds with her claws. Even now, her nails were lengthening themselves as her youkai powers began to manifest themselves.

She abruptly tamped down on her powers, not wanting to go into a rampage. “I’m going to find out what’s causing this. Yayoi, you stay here.”

“What? Why?!” Yayoi shouted. “I want to help too.”

“It’s just going to be something simple, okay? Just ask a couple of questions.” Shiwasu said irritably. “I’ll be done in a day or something.”

“You’re lying! Besides, it’s not going to be simple at all. From what I’ve read from Bunbunmaru Newspaper, all the people fight almost every day! It’s going to be anything from simple. Come on, let me go! I need to repay you for your generosity anyway.” Yayoi protested. “You know I can fight.”

“It’s nothing special! Now stay here!” Shiwasu shouted back. She felt her anger growing as Yayoi gave an empathetic no. She curled her hands into fists and glared at the half-demon. “If you won’t listen to me…If you can beat me in one round of battle, I’ll let you come along. If you lose, you’re staying here, you got it?! And I don’t want to hear anything about how you need to repay your debt. That’s a stupid excuse for just sticking around.”

“Fine! It shouldn’t be too hard, anyway.” Yayoi said, stepping back and opening her palms wide. Before she could even react, however, Shiwasu was at her throat, her long nails reaching up to claw it out. Yayoi just barely managed to backstep in time, the claws leaving red scratches at her neck. Shiwasu paused in her attack, a feral grin on her face.

‘Oh man, she might actually eat me. How mean…we’ve been living together for ten years.’ Yayoi thought to herself as she looked at Shiwasu uneasily. ‘But I don’t beat her, I won’t be able to come along! And I know she’ll need my help. She always does.’

Yayoi steeled her nerves and started on her attack, bringing up a curled fist to connect with Shiwasu’s stomach. At least, that’s what would have happened if Shiwasu hadn’t sidestepped and driven her claws deep into Yayoi’s side, causing the younger girl to gasp out in pain. She staggered backwards, feeling her blood well out of the wound, trickling down the dress she wore.

“Had enough?” Shiwasu mocked, licking the blood off of her claws. “Mmm…It tastes so good. It’s making me hungry again.”

“No…! I’ll beat you…Just you watch!” Yayoi said, ignoring the pain to attack again. This time, she managed to land a glancing blow across Shiwasu’s chest, only to be rewarded with a deep gash straight across her stomach. She retreated once again, collapsing on one knee as the pain overwhelmed her.

“Come on, girl. This hunt is too easy for me. You’ve got more power than that, I’m sure.” Shiwasu laughed, her tail thrashing with unconcealed adrenaline. “There’s no fun in eating a weakling!”

“Fine…If you’re serious…” Yayoi staggered upwards. She opened her palms again, now slick with blood, and soon her nails began to glow with reddish-white balls of light. The orbs of light floated off of her fingers and morphed into miniature devilish pixies, all of them looking just like her. The pixies swarmed all around Shiwasu, launching small multi-colored lasers at her body. Shiwasu flailed at the pixies haphazardly, just wanting them to stop with their stinging shots.

When the small horde of pixies faded away, Yayoi was right there behind them, her own claws swinging down in a slash that drove straight from Shiwasu’s shoulder to her leg.

“Hahahaha! This is a real battle! That is the strength I’ve been looking for!” Shiwasu laughed manically, ignoring the pain running through her body. She went back onto the attack, swinging her claws so fast that blasts of air knocked Yayoi back into one of the trees, which immediately crumbled into dirt the moment she hit it. Shiwasu immediately leapt to her advantage, diving down to plunge her claws into Yayoi’s chest.

When she landed, however, all her claws hit was a mound of dirt. A shadow fell upon her and Shiwasu spun around, surprised. Yayoi was floating there, her leathery wings keeping her aloft. The younger girl flicked back a strand of her pink hair and grinned at Shiwasu.

“I think I win.” Yayoi said, pointing down at Shiwasu’s feet. The wolf youkai looked down and grunted when she found her feet stuck in a thick patch of mud. Yayoi just laughed at her efforts and lifted one of her hands, more colorful orbs of light appearing in front of it. With a flick, she launched the projectiles at Shiwasu. Shiwasu brought up her arms to help defend herself, but it proved useless as the projectiles exploded in front of her, knocking her out of the mud and onto the dirt that Yayoi had been in minutes earlier.

“Ugh…” Shiwasu groaned, shaking her head. She opened her eyes to see Yayoi standing in front of her, her hand held out and that stupid, happy smile on her face. Shiwasu grimaced and accepted the proffered hand, lifting herself off of the dirt. “I guess you get to come along after all.”

“Yay, I can’t wait to see what’s waiting out there!” Yayoi cheered. “Don’t you think it’s going to be fun?”

Shiwasu brushed the dirt from her clothes and looked up at the sun, which was shining brightly in the sky at eight o’clock in the evening. “No, I don’t think this is going to be fun at all.” 
Time passes. The seasons change from summer to autumn. All around Gensokyo, many leaves of various colors begin to fall.

A slightly cool gust of wind blows through the Hakurei Shrine, waking Reimu up. She and Marisa were both given invitations to Scarlet Devil Mansion. Although, Reimu doesn’t always enjoy Remilia’s company in particular, she decides to accept, if only to briefly break out of the day-to-day norm. She gets dressed and heads outside. From the hill on which her shrine stands, Reimu looks out to the countryside, which she has a great view of. However, something does not seem quite right with the view she sees, “Hm? I can’t put my finger on it… but if feels like something is… missing…” The miko notices the day’s issue of Bunbunmaru Newspaper lying on her front walkway, but she decides to disregard it for the time being, as she’s about to head out anyway.

She flies in the direction of the mansion, over the lake surrounding the island. Along the way, she hears a familiar voice from behind, “Heeeeey~! Reimu!”

Reimu turns around and sees Marisa, riding her broomstick, approach, catching up with her, “Ah! Hey, Marisa! It looks like you decided to accept your invitation as well?”

Marisa’s eyes trail off to the side, “Well, yeah. I don’t really want to see Flandre, but I was planning on ‘borrowing’ some books from there anyway, so here I am. What about you, Reimu? I’d think you’d have slept on it.”

“I don’t know. I guess I just felt like it. By the way…” Reimu looks out at the countryside, beyond the shore of the lake, “Don’t you think something is off about that view?”

Marisa looks out with Reimu, “Now that you mention it, yeah…” Marisa looks at the horizon, where several mountains stand, “Something certainly does seem a little off.”

Reimu sighs, “Figures… So it’s not just me.”

Marisa puts her hand on Reimu’s shoulder, “Let’s not worry about it. It’s probably nothing.”

Reimu nods, “Yeah, I guess I’m overanalyzing it…” The two girls continue toward Scarlet Devil Mansion, which comes into sight after a few minutes of flying.

During their final approach, Marisa asks Reimu, “Can you believe it? It’s almost been a year since that incident when Remilia covered Gensokyo in that mist.”

“It’s hard to believe,” acknowledges Reimu, “It feels longer than that, but then again, so did the ‘Spring Essence’ incident and the ‘Lunatic Moon’ incident. Since then, we’ve become friends with our former enemies.”

“True.”

Reimu and Marisa reach the front gate, where Meiling stands guard. Marisa greets, “Hiya, Hong! We’re here to party!”

Meiling sighs and says, “Just call me ‘Meiling,’ alright? Can I see your invitations? I can’t let you in without them.”

Marisa flashes her invitation, “Here! Now you can’t say that I snuck past you!”

The doorguard turns her attention to Reimu, “How about you?”

Reimu flinches, “Um… er… I forgot to bring it. I thought you would just let us in since, y’know, we were invited and everything…”

Meiling stands with her arms crossed in front of her, “Sorry, but no can do. I must see the proof that you were invited.”

Reimu asks, “Is Remilia actually gonna ask you if you checked us for our invitations?”

Meiling’s stance loosens, “Proably not, actually. Besides, Remilia-sama would pitch a fit if I didn’t let you in, invitation or not… Alright. You may both come in. Just don’t mention this to anyone, okay?”

“I won’t,” responds Reimu.

“We’ll take it to the grave with us,” says Marisa.

Meiling allows Reimu and Marisa to pass and they enter the mansion. In the lobby, rows of fairy maids, lined up to the left and right, from the door to the center staircase, and Sakuya, at the staircase in the back, between the lines, bow and greet at the same time, “Welcome to Scarlet Devil Mansion. We are eager to serve your every need.” However, only Sakuya sounded sincere in her statement.

Marisa raises her fist in the air, “Hell yeah, we’re here and you all better do as I say!”

Reimu covers her face with her palm, “I hate being put on the spot like this…”

All the other maids scatter and attend to their respective businesses. Reimu and Marisa walk up to Sakuya, “How are you doing, Sakuya?”

Sakuya answers, “Very good, thanks. Returning to my duties here is a good way to stop thinking about what Eirin told me about my past. Everything seems to be the way it was… except…”

Reimu raises an eyebrow, “Hm?”

“Outta my way!” Sakuya is suddenly pushed to the side by Remilia, who looks at Reimu with a sadistically happy expression, “Welcome, Reimu! I’m glad you could make it!”

Marisa says, “I’m here too.”

Remilia glances at Marisa and says half-heartedly, “Oh, thanks for coming. Hi.” She turns her attention back to the miko, “It rare that I see you here. I should invite you more often.”

Reimu rubs the back of her head, “It’s really quite okay…”

Marisa, somewhat insulted by Remilia’s greeting to her, is suddenly tackled and knocked to the ground, “Oh, you made it, Marisa! I’m so happy! You’re mean, you know, not taking the time to visit me, even once.”

Marisa looks up at her ‘attacker’: “F-Flandre?”

Flandre hugs the witch tightly, “Ah! You remember my name!”

“Who could possibly forget?” Marisa meant it in a half-durogatory sense, but Flandre doesn’t notice. The younger vampire sister happily rubs her head against Marisa’s neck. Marisa says nervously, “Flandre… Could you not bring your head anywhere near my neck? It’s… unsettling…”

“Oh, okay.” Flandre grabs Marisa’s arm.

“N-n-now what are you doing?”

Flandre looks at Marisa innocently, “You don’t mind if I… you know…?” Flandre opens her mouth and prepares to bite Marisa’s arm.

Marisa futily tries to break free, “AHHHHHH! Please! Someone! Get her off me!”

“Flandre!” says Remilia sternly, making her sister stop what she was doing, “Treat our guests nicely.”

Flandre pouts, “Okay…” She gets off Marisa.

The witch gets back to her feet, “Well, then… if you don’t mind, I’m going to check out the library.” Marisa takes a few steps in the direction of the mansions’s library.

“If you take one more step in that direction, I will kill you.” In a tone of voice, considerably less-threatening than her words, Patchouli steps into the lobby.

Marisa stops in her tracks, “OH! Um… Hey, Patch.”

“It’s Patchouli,” says the librarian flatly.

Marisa makes a stern expression, “Well, I’m still calling you Patch. It’s your fault for having such a long name.”

“It’s not my fault.”

“Well, I’m still blaming it on you.”

“ANYway,” Remilia cuts in, “Let’s try to be good hosts, okay? Now… what would you like to eat?”

Reimu shrugs, “I really don’t care.”

Marisa says, “Can’t think of anything.”

Sakuya suggests, “Shall we make them some cake, Remilia-sama?”

Remilia claps her hands together, “Splendid idea, Sakuya. How does cake sound?”

“Sounds as good as anything,” says Reimu.

Remilia nods her head in satisfaction, “Then it’s settled. Wait in a guest room.”

“Okay…” Reimu and Marisa, followed by Flandre and Patchouli, walk into the nearest guest room.

Sakuya says, “Well then, I’ll get to work on the cake.”

Remilia glares at the maid, “Make your own cake! I’LL be making a cake for Reimu, made with ALL my love!”

Sakuya glances at her mistress, “Er… Remilia-sama? Do you even know how to make cake?”

Remilia puts her hand on her chest confidently, “I’ve lived for over 500 years. You tend to learn things in that time. Of course I know how.”

“I feel strange asking this… but should I leave the cooking to you, Remilia-sama?”

Remilia smirks, “No, Sakuya. YOU are making a cake too. I’ll show you how much deeper my love is by making a better cake!”

Sakuya puts her hand on her forehead, “Whatever you say, my mistress…”

So the vampire and her servant head to the kitchen and make separate efforts in baking their cakes. During that time, Sakuya notices Remilia adding a ‘questionable’ ingredient to her batter, “Um, Remilia-sama? I don’t think that…”

“Shut up, Sakuya!” snaps Remilia, “I’m trying to concentrate!”

“Yes, mistress…”

Finally, the two of them finish baking their cakes and bring their creations to the guest room, where Reimu, Marisa, Flandre, and Patchouli are waiting patiently. Remilia and Sakuya both walk in, carrying their cakes, both covered with white frosting, on trays, which they place on a table at the center of the room, which everyone is sitting around.

Marisa looks at Remilia, “Why two cakes?”

“Because one couldn’t possibly feed everyone,” Remilia lies.

Sakuya draws a knife, cuts a small slice from her cake, and puts in on a decorative dish from the middle of the table, which she hands to Reimu, “I hope you enjoy it.”

“Me too,” Reimu eats the piece and her face lights up, “Delicious! This is very good, Sakuya!”

Sakuya face lights up as well and she bows, “Thank you.”

Remilia says, “Whatever. Now try mi_”

Flandre reaches over, takes a handful out of Remilia’s cake, and eats it, “Yummy! I didn’t know you could make such a great cake, sister!”

Remilia strikes a prideful pose, “Well, Flandre likes it. Now let’s see how you like it, Reimu.” Sakuya cuts a piece out of Remilia’s cake and hands it to the miko.

Reimu looks at the cake, under the frosting, which is pink, “Um… This doesn’t look right…”

“C’mon!” yells Flandre, “It’s GOOD! My sister worked hard on it, so you’d better eat it!”

“Er…” Reimu eats her piece, which tastes strange to her human mouth, “Um… Remilia…? This tastes like metal…”

Remilia flinches at Reimu’s reaction, “Is that bad?”

Trying to be nice, Reimu replies, “N-no… It’s just unusual…”

Afterward, the girls talk about various things, like the adventures they went on, among others. The hours fly by and night arrives.

As Reimu, Marisa, Sakuya, Remilia, and Flandre reflect on and talk about their adventure nearly a year ago, Patchouli, who is reading the day’s issue of Bunbunmaru Newspaper, says, “That’s interesting…”

Marisa turns in the youkai witch’s direction, “What is?”

Patchouli reads from the newspaper, “’Since early last night, one of Gensokyo’s largest mountains, Youkai Mountain, known as the home of several youkai, including the kappa, had mysteriouly vanished. All that remains in its stead is a large lake. No one knows what became of this mountain, and it may become one of the biggest mysteries in this land’s history.’”

Reimu’s eyes widen, “So that’s why I felt something was missing! Youkai Mountain is among the places I see on the horizon from my shrine!”

Marisa puts her hand on her head, “How the fuck do you lose a mountain?”

Flandre, taking Marisa’s side, says, “Yeah! How the fuck do you lose a mountain?”

Remilia glances at her sister, “Language, Flandre. But yes, this is out of the ordinary…”

“I wonder what happened,” says Sakuya.

 

Elsewhere, on the top of a cliff, overlooking a massive body of water, two figures stand. One is a woman with poofy blue hair and red eyes, wearing a red dress with a mirror on the chest portion and a large rope on her back with papers hanging from it. The other is a girl with long green hair, tied into a ponytail down the side of her face, which has a snake-like accessory coiled around it, wearing a white and blue miko outfit. The second girl holds a small bag at her side.

Suddenly, from the water below, a third figure jumps out and flies up to the cliff where the two other figures stand. She has blue eyes and blue hair, which is tied into two pigtails. She wears a green hat on her head, a light-blue dress, and a dark blue backpack.

The first figure asks, “How does it look, Nitori? Do you think you can do it?”

The third figure, Nitori, gives a reassuring thumbs-up, “Easily! It may take roughly a month, but it can be done, Kanako-sama!” She looks that the second figure, “Oh… and Sanae-sama? Can I…?”

The second figure, Sanae smiles, “Of course!” She tosses her bag to Nitori, who pulls a cucumber out of it and wildly eats it.

“Thank you!” says Nitori, “I’ll do everything you request of me, as long as you keep giving me cucumbers this good!”

“We really appreciate it,” says Sanae.

Nitori dives back down to the water below.

The first figure, Kanako, says, “Soon, Sanae, we will come to power and bring a new world order to this godless land. I hope you are prepared.”

Sanae responds, “Yes, Yasaka-dono.”

 

Elsewhere, on a hill with many white flowers, where purple pollen fills the air, a girl, short in height, at only about 4 feet, with silver eyes and yellow hair, wearing a red and black dress, looks in the direction Youkai Mountain used to stand. Her most noticable attribute, however, is that her joints look unnatural, even artificial, “I wonder what happened to that mountain…”

“Oh, Medicine… Like you should care about all those little details, as you never leave this place.” Another girl approaches Medicine. She has red eyes and shoulder-length green hair, wearing a red dress and white blouse, carrying a parasol.

Medicine turns in the direction of the other girl excitedly, “Ah! Yuka! You came to visit me!”

The other girl Yuka, says, “Well, I AM the only one who can, in a place like this. So tell me, how are you doing, Medicine Melancholy?”

Medicine shrugs, “Same as usual. By the way, I thought about those stories you told me… you know about the outside world, about THOSE…”

“Go on…” Yuka awaits where Medicine is going.

“I was thinking that just maybe…”

Yuka listens to what Medicine had to say, pauses, then laughs maniacally, “HYAHAHA! Oh, I LOVE it, Medicine! Such an evil little mind!”

Medicine protests, “It’s not evil! It’s…”

Yuka pats Medicine on the shoulder, “Oh, don’t worry about it. I can most certainly help with granting your wish. I have to do some things, but it can happen! After all, you have Gensokyo’s STRONGEST youkai on your side! There’s nothing I can’t do!

In Eientei’s right inner sanctum…

“TAKE THIS!” Reimu, enraged over Sakuya’s death, materializes several magic circles around her, which release blasts of holy energy, which fire at Eirin rapidly.

“Wow…” Eirin quickly dashes, staying one step ahead of Reimu’s continuous attack. She jumps up and fires a volley of arrows at Reimu, who tosses an ofuda in front of her, which turns into small barrier, which blocks Eirin’s attack. Eirin continues her evasive maneuver.

Reimu tosses another ofuda in Eirin’s path, which also becomes a barrier, causing her to pause in her movement. Taking that opportunity, Reimu draws a spell card, “Spirit Sign!” Five large orbs of spirit energy materialize around Reimu, “Fantasy Orb!” The orbs fly at Eirin and the first one renders her airborne. The other four slam into her while she’s helpless in the air and she crashes to the ground.

“Ugh…” Eirin rises to her feet, “Not bad, but I won’t fall for that same tactic twice…” Eirin charges straight at Reimu and attempts to attack up close with her bow, but Reimu quickly draws her gohei and blocks the attack. Eirin materializes an arrow in her other hand as the two girls struggle to over power the other with their weapons and attempts to stab Reimu, who notices and dodges backward with ease, drawing a few needles and tossing them at the open Eirin, which sink into her right thigh, “Agh!” Eirin clutches where she was hit, “I guess the friendship you felt with that… individual is pretty strong. It’s not often that I’m at the disadvantage…”

“You’ll be at much more of a disadvantage soon enough!” declares Reimu.

Eirin draws a spell card, “You shouldn’t make such a broad proclamation so soon. After all, you’ve yet to see the true power that is unlocked by spell cards… Such a magnificent tool, I must say. In each of us lies a great power, but by ourselves, that power remain dormant, but these cards are the key to unleash a portion of that true potential in all kinds of forms. Truly wonderful… but at the same time, deplorable, that we need this power to harm others. Haven’t you ever thought about it?”

“I don’t give a shit what you think about spell cards!” yells Reimu, “All that I care about is the fact that you took our moon away, replaced it with a fake, took control of innocent people, and now you took someone very dear to me from this world! I don’t know what the hell you’re trying to accomplish, nor do I care. If you want my view, no, spell cards are not tools to cause harm. They are the extensions of ourselves that are needed to protect Gensokyo from menaces like you!”

Eirin pauses for a second, “Nicely put. For a human, you’re certainly more intelligent than your appearance suggests. Now let’s see what kinds of results your convictions can produce, shall we?” She raises her spell card, “Spacial Disaster!” The spell card changes shape, taking the form of an arrow, which Eirin fires upward.

“Huh?” Reimu, not expecting the natures that Eirin’s spell card displayed, anticipates the upcoming attack.

“Force Crisis!” At Eirin’s declaration, the arrow vanishes and in its place spreads a giant magic circle, looking down on the room. From the circle, large purple meteors pour out in rapid succession, aimed at Reimu.

“Whoa!” Reimu dodges the meteors, but they follow her movement and fall closely behind her, vanishing upon hitting anything but their target. Reimu charges at Eirin, who prepares to trap her by firing an arrow. Reimu breaks into a slide, but Eirin follows up and jumps away from Reimu, firing several more arrows in midair. “Ah!” Reimu get s back to her feet getting grazed by Eirin’s attack while still staying ahead of the shower of meteors. Reimu draws a spell card, “Holy Relic: Ying-Yang Sanctifier Orb!” Reimu raises her hand as her spell card vanishes in above her hand hovers a large Yin-Yang Orb, which she tosses toward Eirin, blocking her from the arrows. Eirin takes flight, trying to maneuver around Reimu’s attack, but Reimu alters the direction and it homes in on Eirin, unleashing a large burst of blue light, which sends her careening. The magic circle dropping the meteors disappears and Eirin hits the ground.

“Ah! Not a bad tactic…” Eirin quickly gets back to her feet but before she can counterattack, Reimu tosses a swarm of needles, which Eirin dodges to the side.

 

Meanwhile, outside Eientei, Mokou arrives at the front gate of the castle, “I’m here. This will soon end, Kaguya!” Mokou dashes into the castle, soon noticing the defeated rabbit youkai, “Has someone made it here before me? Can’t say I’m surprised or anything, as this concerns everyone. I just hope their fun hasn’t ended before mine begins…”

 

Elsewhere, in Kaguya’s chamber, the battle between Marisa and Kaguya begins.

Kaguya, still standing on her balcony, materializes a few magic circles, which fire bolts of energy down at Marisa, who jumps to the side and fires a volley of magical blasts up at Kaguya’s perch, causing it to crumble beneath her. Kaguya hovers in midair as Marisa hops on her broom and flies up to the princess’ level. A transparent sword forms around Kaguya’s hand as she charges toward Marisa and delivers a powerful slash, as Marisa narrowly dodges and prepares to counterattack by firing a strong blast of magic. Kaguya backs away as Marisa attacks, then cuts through her attack, afterward extending her other arm and firing a blue burst of energy, which slams into Marisa, who slams against the wall. Kaguya prepares a finishing blow, but Marisa is quicker to the draw as she gets back on her broom, declaring a spell card at the same time, “Comet: Blazing Star!” Blue energy flows into Marisa’s broom and she flies at Kaguya at a blinding speed, slamming into her shaft-first.

“ACK!” Surprised and interrupted in mid-spell, Kaguya staggers back, but Marisa doesn’t stop there and fires a thin white laser at her. However, Kaguya quickly recovers and her hand radiates silver light. She swings her protected hand against the laser, deflecting it.

Marisa sighs, “Damn. I thought I had you on that…”

“…” Kaguya glares at Marisa.

Marisa continues, “You’re pretty fun, I admit, Kaguya, but right now, I don’t have the time to be pussy-footing around!”

Kaguya smiles slightly, “I’d rather you do, in fact. With a little more time, my moon will permanently dominate the sky and Gensokyo will have an Imperishable Night.”

“Well that won’t happen as long as I can kick you ass and spot it!” declares Marisa as she draws a spell card, “I will make you return our moon! Magic Sign!” Purple energy flows into Marisa.

Kaguya smirks as she draws her own spell card, “It’s not as simple as that, Gensokyan. I can’t just make it disappear. I created the moon and my powers are sustained by a charm created by a brilliant servant of mine. The taking of my life and the destruction of that charm, both, are the key to your success, so you are in the process of eliminating one half of your problem.”

Marisa says, “I’m not worried. I have friends elsewhere. I’m sure they are getting rid of that charm if they found it.”

“Then you have to kill me. It’s common for anyone to take the life of a low-level youkai, but how many humans have you taken from this world?”

Marisa flinches, “I…”

“No one, I suppose. Do you think you have it in you to do the unthinkable?” asks Kaguya in a mocking voice.

Marisa makes a fist, “Damn it! I don’t like this, but if you don’t die, everyone would be rendered mindless puppets! I have no choice. I have no choice! I will end you, Kaguya.”

Kaguya smugly says, “So you say, but do you have a heart that can handle it? Can you stand the guilt of the taking of another’s life? Is it worth it for Gensokyo?”

Marisa looks toward the floor, “I’m not doing this for Gensokyo, Kaguya…”

“What?”

“I'll admit I’m not the most noble person alive. I wouldn’t put myself on the line for many people I don’t know…”

“Then what are you trying to accomplish if you are not fighting for Gensokyo?”

“I’m fighting for my friends. Right before my eyes, I saw my friends falling under the control of your servant. Alice, Cirno, Suika… They mean a lot to me. I may not give a shit about everyone else, but for them to be themselves… the ones I acknowledge as my friends, I will do what it takes…”

Kaguya raises her spell card, “Fine then! If it’s your friends you choose as your justification to step outside your ethical boundaries, allow me to test how far your convictions take you, but I won’t go down so easily! Impossible Request!” Five tiny objects materialize around Kaguya: A bowl made of stone, a necklace made up of rare jewels, a red cloak, a branch with jewels on it, and a shell consisting on the colors of the rainbow.

Marisa, not taking any chances, casts her spell, “Stardust Reverie!” Marisa thrusts her hand in Kaguya’s direction, and star-shaped shots of magic spray toward her.

“Buddha's Stone Bowl!” The stone bowl floats in front of Kaguya as the other objects vanish. The bowl becomes transparent, and then expands to a size larger than its wielder in the form of a barrier, blocking Marisa’s attack.

“Tch…”

“Surprised? Well that’s not all, I’m afraid…” Magic circles form on the barrier and each shoot out a series of lasers. Marisa wildly dodges, though some still manage to graze her left shoulder, left leg, and the side of her face. Marisa fires a volley of green magical blasts at Kaguya, but the bowl protects her, “That’s useless! This bowl effectively defends me and attacks!”

Marisa draws a spell card, “Ha! I was just testing the effectiveness of that barrier anyway. My REAL specialties can shatter it! Loving Heart!” Golden energy flows into Marisa.

“…” Not taking any chances, Kaguya thrusts her hand in Marisa’s direction and her magic circles fire off a larger series of lasers.

“Useless!” Marisa fires a giant beam at Kaguya, swallowing her lasers and it clashes against the bowl. As its power fades, there are several cracks, but it hadn’t shattered.

“Not bad, but that was still no use…” says the relieved Kaguya.

“Oh, I’m not done! Double Spark!”

“WHAT?” Marisa fires a second beam at the shocked Kaguya, which breaks through the defensive weapon and slams into the princess. Marisa’s beam has a short duration, however, and it soon vanishes, leaving Kaguya with some injuries.

Marisa smiles, “Not bad, Kaguya, but you really gotta know who you’re dealing with!”

Kaguya draws another spell card, “Thanks for the reminder…”

Marisa observes the situation, How much time is left is anyone’s guess, but I feel we’re pushing it. I must end this fast. I have something that should cut her down by a shitload, but for it to work best and fail-proof, I gotta get above her. If I screw this up, I will be left too weak to put up any decent resistance afterward… Just as Marisa plans her strategy, Kaguya increases her altitude and looks down on the witch. Fuck…

Kaguya declares, “Impossible Request!” The five objects reappear around her.

The dismayed Marisa asks, “What are you up to this time?”

“Dragon’s Necklace!” The objects, save the necklace, vanish. The remaining object rises above Kaguya’s head and expands, then lowers and shrinks around Kaguya’s neck.

“Pretty piece of jewelry,” Marisa sarcastically compliments Kaguya, “How much is THAT worth?”

“More than your life. A fact I shall make you realize all too well!” Kaguya’s necklace starts to glow and her hands along with it. She thrusts her hand down in Marisa’s direction, firing down numerous bolts of light.’

“Whoa!” Marisa quickly dodges Kaguya’s attack, but the princess doesn’t stop there, as she drops down even more bolts keeping Marisa on the defensive. Finally, one slams into Marisa, forcing her to the floor, “UGH!” Marisa recovers fast enough to avoid the following beams, but the distance between the two girls is too wide for Marisa to effectively follow up on her strategy. Damn it! This is not good… Kaguya has me in the worst possible situation right now and now she has me against a wall! Looks like I can only defend myself right now… Marisa draws a spell card, “Love Sign!” She dodges another volley of bolts, and then thrusts her hand toward Kaguya, high above, “Master Spark!” Marisa fires her massive laser, but Kaguya has more than enough time to react and dodge.

“Amateurish!” Kaguya floats to the side, out of the Master Spark’s path, which keeps going and slams into the moon on the ceiling, causing a chunk of it to fall toward the unsuspecting Kaguya and slams into her from above. “UUGGHHH! What…?” Distracted, Kaguya’s necklace vanishes.

Marisa pauses and blinks a couple times … Wow… That was lucky for me…

Kaguya recovers, pulling another spell card out of her pocket, “Ugh… You’re quite clever…”

Marisa stammers, “Um… well… Damn right I am, bitch!”

“But I’ll be aware that you have cheap tricks like that in store from here on…”

Marisa stares at Kaguya’s spell card, What’s next?

 

Meanwhile, Mokou approaches the fork in Eientei’s hallway, taking the left path without a second though, “Hmph. Amateur.”

 

Back in Eirin’s chamber, Reimu and Eirin’s duel rages on. In her rage, Reimu viciously attacks Eirin, who is kept on the defensive.

Reimu jumps at Eirin and swings her gohei, but the doctor blocks with her bow and quickly repels Reimu with a surprisingly powerful kick, causing her to slide across the floor. Wasting no time, Eirin draws a spell card, “You are a dangerous adversary! I’d best be done with you as soon as I can. It was a mistake to give you the chance! Curse of the Heavens!” Eirin’s spell card morphs into an arrow, which she aims upward.

Reimu quickly recovers, “Tch. What now?”

Eirin fires the arrow and it flies above Reimu before she declares, “Apollo 13!” Eirin’s arrow bursts into a rain of several smaller arrows.

“Damn…” Reimu pulls a spell card out of her pocket, preparing a countermeasure, “Divine Arts!” Her card glows with golden energy, “Omnidirectional Demon Binding Circle!” Reimu slams the card on the floor and a magic circle spreads below her, which then releases a massive pillar of holy energy, vaporizing the arrows. Eirin’s attack ends, “Nice Tr_Huh?” Reimu looks in the direction she remembered last seeing Eirin, but the doctor disappeared from her location. Reimu looks around, but suddenly feels a threatening presence and steps to the side, with an arrow flying through her left shoulder from behind. Reimu, upon feeling the sharp pain, grasps her wound with her right arm, looking in the direction the arrow came from. Eirin appears, ready to fire more arrows, Reimu quickly evades to the side, tossing a needle, which Eirin fails to notice until it sinks into her left hip.

“Ugh…” Eirin staggers backward and Reimu, taking advantage of Eirin’s few seconds of hesitation, flies at her adversary and delivers a powerful knee-strike, knocking the doctor away several feet.

“I’m not holding back anything on you!” declares Reimu as she draws another spell card, leaving only one remainder in her pocket.

Eirin looks wearily at Reimu, She’s at a major advantage… but I must persevere! If I can hold on a little longer, it won’t matter what happens anymore. If the clock hits five, everything will be a success… Eirin pulls a pocket watch out of her dress and looks at the time, 4:30AM. Damn… Not at the rate this is going… Kaguya, you’re Gensokyo’s last hope…

 

In Kaguya’s chamber, Kaguya declares her spell card, “Divine Treasure!” The five objects appear once again, but this time, they are radiating silver energy, “Salamander Shield!” All the objects, except for the red cloak, vanish. The remainder expands and wraps itself around Kaguya’s body. The princess flexes the power of her new weapon, causing the temperature in the chamber to increase by at least 50 degrees.

Marisa, breaking into a hot sweat, complains, “I know you wanna get rid of me and everything, but this is just cruel! It’s already damn hot outside. Shit, I could REALLY go for another elongated winter right about now…”

Kaguya’s cloak erupts with fire, “With this, the element of fire is at my command!”

Marisa monotonously asks, “Um… aren’t you hot wearing that?”

“I don’t feel anything,” answers Kaguya, “It only burns what it intends to burn! Observe!” Kaguya sends a wave of fire at Marisa, who narrowly dodges, though she feels the heat as the attack passes and hits the ground.

Marisa hops on her broom and hovers in midair. A large fireball grows in Kaguya’s hand and she throws it at Marisa, who easily moves out of the ball’s path. However, the fireball splits into several beams of flame, which quickly close in on the unsuspecting Marisa, “Shit…”

“Delusion Terminating Sword: Slash of Risening from Shore of Delusion!” A powerful blast of air repels Kaguya’s attack and knocks the princess back. Youmu appears at the bottom of the chamber, Roukanken drawn and breathing quickly.

“Youmu!” yells the relieved Marisa.

Youmu says, “Looks like I’m on time…”

Kaguya looks down at Youmu, “Another intruder? You don’t look so good…”

Youmu asks Kaguya, “I take it you’re Kaguya?”

“That she is,” answers Marisa.

“I see, so she’s the one we gotta take down to free Gensokyo and Hakugyokurou…” Youmu floats up to Marisa’s level.

“Yeah.”

“I told you before,” says Kaguya, “What we’re doing is for everyone’s own good!”

Marisa retorts, “And I told YOU before that what YOU are doing can’t be good for everyone! No good can come of taking control of everyone!”

“Our reasoning is far beyond the comprehension of someone like you, who has a narrow view on what exists around her. You’re nothing but a thorn in my side, and its time you got removed!” Kaguya’s cloak ignites.

Marisa whispers to Youmu, “Youmu! I gotta get above Kaguya. If I can do that, I can deal a crushing blow, but I’ll need your help to do that!”

“…” Youmu nods without a word.

Countless fireballs form from Kaguya’s cloak and they rain down toward Marisa and Youmu. Marisa tightly grips a spell card and declares, “Magicannon!” Intense magic flows into Marisa as she flies headlong toward Kaguya’s attack, “Now, Youmu!”

Youmu draws a spell card, “Human Sign!” Youmu focuses, slowing time around her, as the energy flows into her, then flies up at a blinding speed, passing Marisa, “Slash of Present!” Youmu slices through Kaguya’s fireballs wildly, clearing the path above Marisa, passes Kaguya and hovers, breathing heavily, as she had expended a lot of what little energy she has left.

Marisa passes Kaguya, desperately trying to keep her spell’s energy under control. She dives off her broom and toward Kaguya, who looks up at her in surprise, “Ah!”

Marisa holds her hands out in front of her, “Coup de grace, Kaguya! Here is my ultimate spell: FINAL MASTER SPARK!” Marisa fires a massive laser, roughly the circumference of the cylinder-shaped chamber down at Kaguya, who gets hit by the blast at point-blank, and with gravity working against her, is forced to the very bottom of the chamber. Marisa is propelled upward by the force of the blast and the energy violently erupting outward presses Youmu against the ceiling. Marisa feels her energy quickly draining from her body, That was close… but I did it… Finally, Marisa’s attack ends, leaving Kaguya, her cloak gone, laying in the middle of a deep crater at the bottom of the chamber, and, drained of energy and lacking a broom, Marisa plummets down the chamber, “Whew…”

“Marisa!” Youmu dives down after Marisa, slowly gaining on her and finally catches her at the last possible second. They look at Kaguya, “Is she…?”

“Dunno,” says the weary Marisa, “but we gotta make sure. Killing her is part of what’s needed to put this moon bullshit to rest…”

Kaguya slowly sits up, “You… This can’t be…”

Youmu draws the Roukanken, “Leave this to me, Marisa. You’ve done enough…”

“Oh, don’t you dare! This part is ALWAYS reserved JUST for me!” Mokou bursts into the chamber and lands in front of Kaguya. Youmu freezes in place at the unexpected girl.

 

At the same time as Marisa’s spell, the entire castle vibrated, which both Reimu and Eirin felt.

Reimu asks, “Wh-what was that?”

Eirin observes, “Apparently, quite the spectacle is unfolding elsewhere in this structure…”

Reimu smiles, “It feels similar to something coming from Marisa, which tells me something good. As for me, it’s time to wrap things up on this end!”

“Tch…” Eirin assumes a defensive stance as Reimu declares her spell card.

“Border World!” Several magic circles materialize around Reimu, “Take this! Hakurei Danmaku Bounded Field!” Several portal open up around both Reimu and Eirin as Reimu utilizes one of her most powerful attacks, a combination between her abilities and what she had learned from Yukari. Countless balls of holy energy of various colors emerge from the magic circles and fly into the portals, which soon play catch with the orbs.

“What… is…?” Eirin observes the attack, not knowing what to make of it, but soon gets hit from behind by an orb emerging from a portal. As Eirin is stunned countless portal open around her and she get riddled from all directions by Reimu’s orbs of holy energy. After a couple painful minutes, Eirin stands, stunned by the attack, “No… this is…”

Reimu draws her last spell card, “Divine Spirit!” Large orbs of spirit energy materialize around Reimu, “Fantasy Seal!” then they flow into her body, storing up the power. Reimu briefly looks at Sakuya’s body, which was slightly desecrated due to the battle, and recalls her last words: “Reimu… Bright sphere… destroy…” Reimu then looks at the charm, Might that be it? If so, I should destroy it!

 

Kaguya looks at Mokou, “Mokou… how did you resist Reisen’s…”

Mokou smugly answers, “C’mon, princess! You should know damn well that I, of all people, won’t submit to your handiwork, let alone one of your sad excuses for servants!”

Kaguya realizes how flawed her scheme was, “Damn it, Mokou! Please, just leave me be this time…”

Without thinking, Mokou responds, “This is one time I absolutely can’t! It’s fine when it was just you and me, but now you got all of Gensokyo involved, so I’ve got all the more reason to take you down now!”

“…” Kaguya silently admits defeat.

Mokou turns to Marisa and Youmu, “Did she tell you how to get rid of that moon by any chance?”

“Yeah,” answers Marisa, “She said that killing her is a part of it…”

“I see,” says Mokou, turning back to Kaguya as she draws a spell card, “That’s easy enough for me. I might as well make this meaningful. Everlasting!” Mokou’s body emits a red aura in the shape of a bird.

“Ah!” Marisa and Youmu watch the mystery girl in surprise.

 

At the same time, Reimu aims at the charm and fires her concentrated Fantasy Seal attack.

“No!” Eirin recovers and jumps in the path of Reimu’s laser, but gradually gets push back, “Ugh! I won’t let you… destroy…”

“…”

However, the weakened Eirin loses her footing and the laser keeps going, with the doctor in front of it. Eirin crashes through the charms outer shell and into its core, “EEEEEAAARRRRGGGggggghhhh!” Soon after, the castle shakes violently.

Reimu guesses what’s about to happen next, “Oh shit…”

 

In Kaguya’s chamber, Marisa, Youmu, Kaguya, and Mokou also feel the shaking.

Kaguya assumes the worst by that sign, “No…”

“What was that?” asks Mokou.

Marisa says, “Well, there was ONE other thing that’s needed, but judging from Kaguya’s reaction here, I’d say we’re good!”

“I see…”

Kaguya struggles to her feet, though she can barely stand upright after Marisa’s devastating attack, “Damn it… I can’t die now… Just a… just a little longer and…”

Mokou’s eyes narrow, “No, Kaguya, this ends NOW!”

 

Reimu runs away as Eirin’s charm begins to explode. She stops to pick up Sakuya’s body, then keeps running, “Sakuya, I won’t let THIS be your resting place!” The charm then outright bursts in an explosion of fire and silver energy. Reimu approaches the exit as the explosion quickly gains on her and then dives through the doorway as the explosion’s force pushes her several feet forward, “Ahhhh!” Reimu and Sakuya’s body hit the ground hard.

 

At the same time, Mokou casts her spell, “Phoenix’s Tail!” Mokou releases a wall of fire, which engulfs Kaguya.

“AAAAAaahhhhhhhhhh_” Kaguya gets vaporized by Mokou’s attack.

“…” Marisa and Youmu stand stunned at Mokou’s actions.

Mokou floats over to the entrance, “If it’s all as you said, then I’d say we’re good.”

“Wait!” calls out Marisa, “Just who are you? Why have you been talking about Kaguya like you’ve fought, and killed, her before?”

“It has nothing to do with you,” responds Mokou, “You got what you wanted right. How about you go outside and enjoy the moon while the night lasts?” With that, Mokou leaves the chamber.

“This is all so unusual,” says Youmu.

“Maybe, but from the looks of things, it’s over. Let’s find Reimu and Sakuya and get the hell outta here…”

 

In the skies above Gensokyo, there is a bright white flash and when the light clears, the moon returns to normal. From all over, the beautiful full moon can be seen.

In Miyohiga Village, Ran and Chen see the transformation.

Chen observes, “Ran-sama! The moon is back to normal, nya! What went on, nya?”

Ran folds her arms in front of her and says, “I wonder…”

 

In Hakugyokurou…

Lunasa yells, “Look! The full moon’s back!”

Merlin tilts her head to the side, “If it’s as Yuyuko-sama said, we were… controlled, or something, then the moon changed back…”

Lyrica says, “What a strange night…”

Yuyuko happily says to the Prismriver Sisters, “Let’s not worry about it! This must mean that Youmu did it! I’m sure we’ll hear about it later, but for now, let’s enjoy the sight of the best full moon of the year!”

“Yeah!” agree the Prismriver Sisters in unison.

 

Hovering high above the surface, Mystia, Wriggle, and Rumia watch the moon return to normal.

Wriggle says sadly, “Yup, we botched it. We totally fucking botched it…”

Mystia shrugs, “Not that it matters anymore. We failed, so we are still 100% homeless. On the plus side, we get to see this moon again, which would have been lost forever if we had succeeded…”

“Who cares?” asks Wriggle, “We still have no decent meals to eat and no place comfy to sleep. For that, it would be worth sacrificing a moon or two…”

“I care!” yells Rumia, “Sure, I wanna home like you two, but I love the full moon. The absolute beauty of my beloved night!”

Mystia’s eyes widen, “Wow, Rumia, didn’t think you were such a poet…”

“REALLY?”

“…” Wriggle closes her eyes in dismay.

 

At Scarlet Devil Mansion, on the top of the clock tower, Remilia is shortly joined by Patchouli and Meiling.

“Remilia,” calls out Patchouli in her usual low-key voice.

Remilia says, “The full moon is back…” She spreads her arms and wings, “HAHAHAHA! Patchouli! Do you know who did this? Who deprived me, a vampire, of MY full moon? I shall depart and teach that miscreant what happens!”

Patchouli says, “Well, I don’t think you have to worry about it… Sakuya went to look into the problem. Now that the mind-altering effects are gone, and now the moon is back to its natural state, I’d say she took care of it.”

“Nice!” yells Remilia, “Sakuya will get much of my gratitude!”

Patchouli nods, “A well-deserved award, I’d say.”

Meiling stretches her arms, “Well, The moon is back and I got to see it from the best place in the mansion after all!”

Remilia glares at Meiling, “What the hell are YOU doing here, Meiling? Get back to the gate!”

“Dammit…” Meiling walks away, Sometimes, I really hate you, Remilia-sama…

 

On the mountain, Alice, Rinnosuke, Suika, and Cirno gaze at the renewed moon…

Cirno yells, “Look! The moon! The moon!”

Suika gulps down a gallon of sake in approval, then says, “Ya! Dis iz whut tunites about! Drinkin’ tu de bestest moon!”

Alice looks around, “Where did Marisa and Reimu go? They aren’t here to enjoy it!”

Rinnosuke says reassuringly, “Don’t worry, Alice. They may be the reason we’re looking at this full moon now, and I’d say it went well…”

Alice sighs, “I see… I’m sure it would have been done sooner if they had my help…”

 

In Eientei’s right hallway, Reimu picks up Sakuya’s body, cradles it, and then walks saying gloomily to herself, like she were talking to a living Sakuya, “Hey… Sakuya… I did it. I beat her for you. Honestly, I didn’t mean it to be as it is, but at least I can say I avenged you and fulfilled your last wish, right?”

“…”

“Yeah, I know. You’d rather had done it yourself, but you know… these things can’t be helped…”

“…”

“You know, you really have changed since Marisa and I went to Scarlet Devil Mansion to stop the mist, then later to the Netherworld to get spring back… Oh, speaking of the Netherworld, I guess I should pay you a visit later. At least you’ll have Youmu, Yuyuko, and the Prismrivers to keep you company…”

“…”

“Yeah, I’m sure you rather be with ‘Remilia-sama,’ Flandre, Patchouli, and Meiling. Of course, they are good people, even though Remilia acts weird around me and Flandre acts weird around Marisa. Still, if you feel like serving someone, I’m sure Yuyuko will be happy to let you…”

“…”

“Heh… I know, not the same, right? Even though you told me Yuyuko tried to make you her maid once. At the time, Yuyuko was slowly killing you… That girl with the bow succeeded on that, it seems. Anyways, where was I? Oh yeah, you changed. I remember when you were all about you agenda and you ditched Marisa in the Netherworld because you felt she was taking too long, but when I collapsed in the forest, you waited for me this time. I think you’re feeling a bond with me and the others, am I right?”

“…”

“Haha! Deny it all you want, Sakuya, but I still think you’ve found people that are special to you OTHER than Remilia…”

“…”

“Like I thought. Oh well, no use talking about this. I’d better get you back to Scarlet Devil Mansion. I’m worried about how Remilia will take the bad news, but we’ll cross that bridge when we come to it…”

Reimu continues talking with the unresponsive Sakuya. Within a few minutes, she reaches the area where the hall branches off. Weakening, Reimu says, “Well, Sakuya… We still have a ways to go… but I’ll see you around. I’m sure that a few years later, we’ll be reunited…” Reimu slumps to her knees.

Marisa and Youmu shortly arrive. Marisa happily announces, “Good news, Reimu! We met and beat Kaguya! Some weird girl came and finished her, but we won, right? HUH? What’s wrong with Sakuya?”

The melancholy Reimu explains, “Sakuya… she was fighting someone… she was stabbed and…”

Marisa and Youmu gasp at the same time, then Youmu asks, “So she’s dead?”

“…” Reimu nods.

Marisa stomps the floor, “Shit-dammit! I knew this wouldn’t be an easy battle, but for this… DAMMIT!”

“…” Without another word, they advance through the hallway, headed out of Eientei.

They pass Tewi, who momentarily wakes up and asks, “What happened? Did you beat Kaguya? Was the charm destroyed?”

“…” Reimu and Marisa nod at the same time.

“Darn…” Tewi returns to sleep.

 

Meanwhile, Yukari flies through the bamboo forest, getting close to Eientei. She had noticed the moon returning to normal, and gets into a good mood, “Those girls are good! Well, I might as well be the first to congratulate them on a successful mission! Huh?” Yukari notices Mokou, flying in the opposite direction, “Hey! Fujiwara no Mokou! It’s been a long time!”

Mokou looks in Yukari’s direction, “Yukari Yakumo? Yes. It has…” Ever since Yukari first took Mokou to Gensokyo, their paths have only crossed a couple times.

“I guess I should have figured you come to Kaguya’s place. You never get tired of fighting her, do you? Talk about hatred…”

Mokou says, “I don’t really HATE Kaguya, per se. I just like killing her, that’s all.”

“Whatever you say. Well, I have some friends that also came to take care of the moon business…”

“Might that include a girl with a large hat and black clothes and another girl with two swords and a spirit that follows her?”

“Yup! Seems like you saw them. So… Did you ever find out why Kaguya did what she did?”

“Nope, nor do I care.”

“I see. Well, I have some friends to meet up with. Still, you may have a chance to find out what Kaguya was up to, but whatever. Ciao! Fufufu~” With that, Yukari zooms ahead.

Mokou floats and thinks, Now that she mentions it, I was curious about Kaguya’s intensions earlier. Perhaps I should go back and get some information. This really wasn’t like Kaguya at all…

 

Reimu, carrying Sakuya’s body, Marisa, and Youmu approach Eientei’s exit.

Marisa asks, “So what should we do?”

“What else?” asks Reimu, “Take Sakuya back to Remilia. It won’t be pretty, but it would REALLY get ugly if we try hiding it. She’s bound to find out sooner or later…”

“I’ll go too,” volunteers Marisa, “I shouldn’t let you take the heat alone…”

Youmu shrugs, “I’ll go as well. Might as well see how it all goes…”

“Thank you,” says Reimu gratefully.

“Rei… mu?” There is a familiar voice. Reimu, Marisa, and Youmu stop in their tracks.

“Did you hear that?” asks Reimu.

“Hell yeah, I did,” says Marisa, “But… no way…”

“Uuuhhh…” Youmu starts to become frightened.

Reimu slowly looks down at Sakuya, whose eyes are filled with life again, “Reimu? What… just happened?”

“AH!” Reimu tenses up.

“EEEEHHHH!” Youmu screams, starting to feel faint.

Marisa stutters, “A… A f-fucking zombie!”

Reimu lays Sakuya on the floor, “There’s no way! I checked your pulse before and felt nothing! This shouldn’t be!” Reimu checks Sakuya’s pulse again, and feels a beat, “Sakuya… You’re… ALIVE!”

“…?”

Marisa, becoming confused, asks, “She’s not a zombie?”

Youmu stutters, “Of… of course not! There’s no such thing as zombies…”

“But there’s such a thing as ghosts and vampires, riiiiight?”

“I… don’t wanna think of it that way!”

“Er…” Reimu hesitates, then rips Sakuya’s shirt open.

Blushing heavily, Sakuya yells, “Wh-what are you doing, Reimu?”

Youmu hears a very faint sound, Was that… a camera shutter? Nah!

Reimu checks where Sakuya was stabbed, but sees no signs that it was ever inflicted in the first place, “Weird…”

“Just what’s going on?” asks Sakuya.

Reimu takes a deep breath, “Um… Sakuya… I… saw you get killed…”

“What?”

“You were stabbed through the heart. I confirmed you death, but now you seem to be alive with no signs that you ever got the injuries you did…”

Sakuya’s memory catches up with her, “Wait… I remember that. I was fatally wounded. I told you what you had to do with my last breath, then everything went black… but then I found myself here… and I feel as good as new…”

“This is all too weird,” says Reimu, as a happy tear rolls down her cheek, “but I’m really, really happy that you’re alive, Sakuya…”

“…” Sakuya blushes slightly.

Reimu gets off Sakuya and the maid gets back to her feet. Marisa says, “I don’t get what’s going on, but it’s good to have you back, Sakuya!”

Youmu, getting over her mix of fear and confusion nods and says, “Y-yeah…”

“Well done! Very well done! Fufufu~” Yukari enters the hallway and looks around, “So this is Kaguya’s place. I was the one that took her to Gensokyo in the first place. I thought of visiting her, but hiding deep in a forest… I figured she wanted her solitude…”

“Yukari!” yells Reimu.

Youmu asks, “Do you know who Kaguya was?”

Yukari answers, “Yes, but that’s a story for another night, I’m afraid. I came to say ‘good job, everyone!’ The moon is back and everything is back to normal. I think I understand how everyone felt when you defeated me. It’s… an oddly pleasant feeling.”

“Um… Thank you…”

Yukari opens a portal, “Well, shall I take everyone back home? It must have been a tiring battle!”

Marisa nods, “Yes, please! I’m totally exhausted and I wasn’t looking forward to the trip back…”

“Then let’s go!” Reimu, Youmu, and Marisa jump into the portal.

Sakuya looks back into Eientei, I came back from the dead, plus I’ve lived for many years without aging. Also, that girl, Eirin Yagokoro, knew something about me… Just who… and WHAT am I? With that thought burned into the back of her mind, Sakuya steps into the portal.

Yukari steps into the portal last and it vanishes.

 

Yukari first returns Youmu to Hakugyokurou, where is graciously welcomed back by Yuyuko and the Prismriver Sisters. Next, she drops Marisa off inside the Forest of Magic, close to where the gate to the Netherworld hangs. In Yukari’s subspace, where just Reimu and Sakuya remain, Yukari announces, “Next stop: The Hakurei Shrine!”

Sakuya asks Reimu, “Um… Reimu, if you don’t mind, could you accompany me home? There’s something I want to talk to you about. Alone.”

“Er… Alright. Yukari! Could you drop me and Sakuya off together, and not quite at the mansion?”

Yukari shrugs, “Sure, if you want…” She opens a portal and Reimu and Sakuya walk out. They end up on the shore of the lake that surrounds the island on which Scarlet Devil Mansion stands.

Reimu and Sakuya fly across the lake to the island.

Reimu asks, “So what did you want to discuss, Sakuya?”

Sakuya get straight to the point, “Why did you cry?”

“Pardon?”

“When I ‘died,’ the last thing I saw was your face and… you were shedding tears… Later, when I ‘came back,’ you cried again…”

“…”

“Why? I’m just Remilia-sama’s servant. I’m not worth crying over…”

“Don’t say that, Sakuya! I’ll admit, when I first met you, you seemed like a very devout servant who would fight to her last breath for her mistress, but when you joined forces with me and Marisa to end that long winter, I started to see you as a valuable ally, then as another human being, then finally, as a dear friend.”

“…”

“You are an irreplaceable friend to me, Sakuya. I don’t think of you as Remilia’s blindly loyal maid. You are an important person in my life and I didn’t want to lose you. When I thought I did, I became angry at that girl and stopped at nothing to fulfill what you wanted me to do… I never felt that way before…”

Sakuya sighs, “’Friend,’ huh? It still doesn’t make sense to me, but I’ll admit… I felt… touched when you shed tears for my sake…”

“Sakuya…”

“Well, let’s head home, shall we? It was a tough and taxing battle, but we won in the end. We deserve a long rest, don’t you agree, Reimu?”

Reimu nods, “Indeed.” With that, the miko and maid go their separate ways. The darkness of night only has an hour remaining and when it happens, the evening that almost became an Imperishable Night, would come to an end.

 

In Kaguya’s chamber, Kaguya returns to life, materializing out of thin air, naked, as her clothes were incinerated by Mokou’s attack “… Damn it…”

“So, you’re finally back with us, eh Kaguya?” Nearby, Mokou is leaning against the wall.

Kaguya asks, “Why are you still here, Mokou? You won, so just go home already!”

Mokou replies, “I totally would, but I guess my curiosity is starting to get the best of me…” She seriously asks, “Kaguya, why did you do it? I’m sure you didn’t want to be noticed by everyone. What is the point in everything that you’ve done tonight?”

Kaguya pauses, shrugs, then says, “Fine. I’ll tell you. There’s not much of a point in hiding it anymore, but for the good of Gensokyo, don’t tell anyone else…”

Mokou casually says, “I dunno. Putting it that way, I feel more compelled to…”

“…” Kaguya reluctantly gets on her knees as to beg Mokou, “Please… I acknowledge you as a very powerful person, Mokou, so I guess you should know, but don’t spread what you are about to learn!”

With Kaguya’s pleading getting to her head, Mokou says, satisfied, “Well, when you put it THAT way, how can I refuse?”

“Very well. You see…” Kaguya explains in detail her reasoning behind the fake moon and the insanity.

Mokou is stunned by what she learns, “I… I see… I guess that’s a good enough reason… not that I support your choice to control everyone or anything…” Mokou floats out of the chamber with her newfound knowledge in the back of her mind.

 

In Eientei’s left hallway, Reisen regains consciousness, “Ugh… Damn, that’s smarts…”

A voice suddenly runs telepathically through Reisen’s mind, “Reisen!”

“Ah! Wh-what's up?"

“We encountered something… interesting earlier. Throughout most of the night, Gensokyo, the realm you’ve been assigned to, had been closed as the others have been open.”

Reisen comes up with a quick lie, “Are you serious? I didn’t notice anything wrong. Maybe it was a system error, or something?”

“That would be the first one in 700 years…”

“…”

“At any rate, try to keep an eye out of the cause. Don’t forget what we talked about a few months ago.”

“Yes…”

The communication ends. Reisen mutters, “This is bad… horrible…”

 

In Kaguya’s chamber, Eirin, Reisen, and Tewi rush to their princess’ side, “Kaguya-hime!”

“Oh, hey,” greets Kaguya, deep in thought.

Reisen explains, “I just got a communication! They’re onto us! Kaguya, we can try this again on the next full moon, can’t we? We’ll be prepared for ANYTHING this time! It’s still not too late.”

The humbled Kaguya says, “No. I underestimated the resolve of Gensokyo. Perhaps we were doing the wrong thing. Maybe this is a sign for this land to encounter fate head-on…”

“Kaguya-hime…”

“I think we should explain what’s going on to those girls. This may not be something that we alone can solve…”

Eirin, whose thoughts are on a different subject, thinks to herself, I found you at last. When we meet again, I have special plans for you, my weapon…

 

Outside Eientei, Mokou slowly walks through the forest, “This could be serious, but… Huh… Sorry, Kaguya, but there is ONE person I’m going to tell about this!” 
In front of Eientei, The battle between Reimu, who had fallen under the control of Reisen Udongein Inaba, and Marisa rages on.

Reimu jumps into the air and hovers, throwing several needles down at Marisa, who constantly leaps backward, narrowly dodging them.

Marisa mutters to herself, “I don’t want to hurt you, Reimu… but anyone who attacks me should expect some payback on my part. I know you’re not that fragile!” Marisa counterattacks by directing her open palm toward Reimu and firing several shots of magic at her.

“…” Reimu pulls an ofuda out of her dress and tosses it in front of her, creating a small barrier, blocking Marisa’s attack.

“Damn… Looks like she has more going than just the needles… She may be able to use her entire repertoire under that rabbit’s control…”

As if to confirm Marisa’s suspicions, Reimu draws a spell card and monotonously declares, “Treasure Sign: Ying-Yang Orb.” Four Yin-Yang Orbs materialize around Reimu, which she sends down at Marisa.

“Tch.” Marisa hops on her broomstick and rides away from Reimu, taking cover behind a group of trees, which the orbs effortlessly smash through. Performing a vertical U-turn, Marisa avoids the orbs and flies around the falling trees toward Reimu, drawing a spell card, “Comet!” Blue energy flows into Marisa’s broom, “Blazing Star!” With an extra burst of speed, Marisa charges toward Reimu and slams into her, forcing her down to the ground. However, Reimu manages to move to the side before hitting the ground.

“Disengage!” Marisa cancels the effects of her spell card and lands safely.

“…” Reimu flies toward Marisa and swings her gohei. Marisa blocks the attack with her broomstick.

Marisa thinks to herself, Sakuya… Youmu… I hope you found that rabbit…

 

Inside Eientei’s corridors, where the walls are lined with panels, sliding doorways, and windows and the floor is wooden, giving off a slight shine, the retreating Reisen and Tewi find Eirin, standing before a fork in the hallway, “Eirin-sama!”

“Is everything going well?” asks Eirin.

Reisen explains, “We have four intruders. They managed to beat our rabbits. I took control of one, but it’s possible that some got by and are after us…”

“Four intruders?” asks Eirin, “Not a bad number. Still, in the event that you are correct, we shall prepare our last line of defense. As you know, the split in this hallway is used for defense to divide potential invaders. Reisen, tonight YOU shall be the one to defend Kaguya-hime.”

Reisen points at herself, “Me? But… shouldn’t that be what you are supposed to do?”

Eirin answers, “I am going to watch over the charm. If the charm is destroyed and Kaguya’s life ended, albeit temporarily, the moon shall disappear and the true moon will be returned. We must prevent that, so I will watch over one of the potential halves of our plan, but the princess’ defense will be left to you.”

“I see,” replies Reisen.

Eirin turns to Tewi, “Tewi, you shall be the vanguard. You will remain here and try to stop the intruders.”

“Okay…” says Tewi with a slow nod.

“Let’s do this…” Eirin flies into one corridor while Reisen flies into the other.

 

Back at the battle outside of Eientei, Reimu’s gohei and Marisa’s broom clash several times. Finally, Reimu manages to break through Marisa’s defenses and deliver a powerful thrust, knocking Marisa several feet away.

“Tch…” Marisa quickly recovers after hitting the ground, Nothing has changed… I’ve constantly worked hard to gain my level of magical expertise while Reimu had lazed around, but she is still able to match me… But this one time, I can’t afford to lose… Marisa draws a spell card, “Light Sign!” The card turns into an orb of white light. She tosses it into the ground.

“…” Reimu, under control, but having some degree of awareness, wonders what Marisa is up to. After the orb sinks, she charges toward Marisa.

Marisa thinks to herself, Beating that rabbit… That’s the only solution I can think of for Reimu’s predicament, but at least I can knock her unconscious… She raises her hand up, “Earth Light Ray!” Several pillars of light erupt out of the ground.

“!” Reimu notices the pillars rising around her and takes evasive action. However, as she dodges one pillar, another erupts below her, sending her skyward.

Marisa rises her broomstick up and above the stunned Reimu, grabs the shaft, and swings it out from under her, over her head, and down on Reimu, sending her rocketing to the ground. Marisa returns to the ground safely.

“…” However, Reimu, not showing any indications of pain, despite the bruises her just received, returns to her feet.

Damn… This will take quite a bit of work…

 

In the corridors of Eientei, Sakuya and Youmu encounter Tewi, who had not completely recovered from her previous battle, “You will go no further, intruders… You will not see any of my mistresses! I will stop you here!”

Youmu says, “You don’t look like you’re in any shape to say that. Just step aside and make this easier on all of us.”

Tewi flinches as Youmu called her bluff, “Sh-shut up! You haven’t seen a fraction of what I can do!” Tewi draws a spell card, “Owing Sign!” Green and yellow energy swirls around her, “Vulnerary of Ohnamuji-sama!” The energy condenses into green and yellow beams, which move in snake-like patterns toward Sakuya and Youmu. They narrowly dodge to the side.

Sakuya says, “Not bad, but where we are, you stand little chance…” She draws a spell card, “Silver Sign!” Blue energy disperses around Sakuya, “Perfect Maid!” Several knives materialize, covering the entire width of the corridor.

“WHAAAA!” Tewi’s beams deflect some of the knives, but don’t provide any room for her to completely dodge. She rushes to an area that seems the least harmful and a knife tears through her shoulder. “Errr…” She tightly clutches her wound with no energy to continue battling.

Sakuya and Youmu walk past. Sakuya says, “My apologies, but we have no time to waste on the likes of you. We have a miko… and a world… that need to regain a little sanity. Let’s go, Youmu…”

“…” Tewi sits silently and helplessly.

Within minutes, Sakuya and Youmu reach the fork in the hallway. Sakuya clenches her teeth in frustration, “Tch. Wishful thinking…”

Youmu wonders, “I wonder which way that rabbit went…”

Sakuya adds, “The way to Kaguya is probably also along one of these passages… but which one… Damn. We have no choice. Take the left, Youmu. I’ll check the right…”

Youmu nods, “Yeah, we don’t have a lot of choice. We’ll be split up, but it’s more practical than taking a wild guess and hoping for the best result…” Sakuya takes the right corridor and Youmu takes the left.

 

Outside Eientei, Marisa and Reimu’s battle continues.

Reimu draws a spell card, “Divine Spirit.” The card splits into several fragments, “Fantasy Seal.” The fragments turn into large orbs of various colors.

Anticipating that Reimu is going to launch the orbs at her, Marisa prepares to take evasive action.

“…” However, Reimu sends the orbs into her own body and she starts glowing.

“Huh?” Marisa, who was not expecting Reimu’s action with her Fantasy Seal technique, lowers her guard, What is she up to?

Reimu extends her arms toward Marisa and releases the energy stored in her body as a smaller white Master Spark-like laser.

“HOLY SHIT!” Marisa frantically, with little time, draws a spell card and declares, “Lovesignmasterspark!” The cark turns into energy, which immediately turns into Marisa’s Master Spark, however, with no time to charge, it comes as a much smaller laser, slightly smaller than Reimu’s.

The two lasers clash with a flash of bright light and both the miko and witch summon up as much energy as they can to overpower the other’s attack. However, Reimu, who had attacked first, has the upper hand in the struggle.

Here I am once again… thinks the struggling Marisa, The hard-working Marisa is on the losing side and the laid-back Reimu is on the winning side, even if she is not herself. This brings back memories…

…

Marisa thinks back to when she and Reimu were small children. The two of them were behind the Hakurei Shrine surrounded by trees with targets marked on them.

“Here I go…” The young Reimu, with needles tucked between her fingers, spins around, releasing the needles one by one. They each hit the targets with a perfect bulls-eye, “Yay! I’m getting better!”

The young Marisa scoffs, “Hmph. I can do that…” She charges up her magic, which was very weak at the time, and spins releasing several tiny blasts of magic, no bigger than Reimu’s needles. Several shots miss and fly into the forest, but a few hit every target, leaving tiny burn marks, though not nearly with as much accuracy as Reimu. Comparing her demonstrated skills in comparison to Reimu and being completely unsatisfied, Marisa yells, “Damn it!”

Reimu, much calmer and more reserved at the time, says, “That wasn’t bad, Marisa. If you practice a bit more, then…”

“Like you’re one to talk!” interrupts Marisa.

“I’m sorry?” says Reimu, stepping back, intimidated by Marisa’s attitude.

The frustrated Marisa explains, “You are always sleeping and eating. I never see you practice. But I practice all day, so why am I not better than you?”

“It’s because Reimu is special.” Reimu’s mother, whom Reimu bears a strong resemblance to, walks out of the shrine, “You see, Marisa, some people have a natural talent for things and are skilled at them with minimal effort. Reimu, as the Hakurei Shrine’s next miko, has those qualities, so much so that she may become the greatest in our family line. It’s something not just anyone can match.”

Marisa drops to her knees, “No matter what I do… Reimu will always be better because she’s talented…?”

…

The memory runs through Marisa’s mind. Finally, she yells out loud, “Screw talent! I’ve worked and studied hard and I’m not going to be beaten by something that just ‘came’ to someone! RRRAAARRGGHHH!” Marisa exerts herself and her Master Spark becomes more powerful and overpowers Reimu’s attack. Reimu is knocked several feet away.

 

In Eientei’s left corridor, Youmu suddenly encounters Reisen, who was standing in wait, “It’s you, that rabbit! Return Reimu to normal!”

Reisen shrugs, “Looks like you found me. As for your ‘request,’ allow me to see how your friend is doing…” Reisen closes her eyes and, after a moment of focusing, sees through Reimu’s eyes during her battle with Marisa. Marisa jumps at the previously knocked down Reimu, who blocks with her gohei and pushes Marisa back. However, Marisa pulls a quick counterattack with a blast of magic, which pushes Reimu, who had just gotten back to her feet, back further. Reisen opens her eyes, “Looks like she’s losing this battle. Alright. I’ll do as you say…”

Youmu, who feels Reisen submitted too easy, grabs the hilt of the sheathed Roukanken and asks, “What are you up to?”

“Exactly as you say,” answers Reisen, “I’m releasing your friend from my control…”

 

Back outside Eientei, as Marisa is about to attack the weakened Reimu again, Reimu’s eyes glow red and Marisa stops in her tracks as an illusory image of Reisen appears in front of Reimu, “It’s you! Release Reimu!”

Reisen lowers her head, “Wow… Everyone is telling me to do that right now! I guess I don’t have a choice, do I?”

Suddenly, a strong pulse goes through Marisa’s head and she slumps to her knees as she’s overcome by a headache, “Wh-what’s going on?”

Reisen answers, “I knew there was the possibility of my puppet losing, so I made a contingency plan. My insanity is like a virus, except it leaves one host and moves on to another. As I said, your friend is released… but now YOU are under my control!”

Marisa, whose consciousness is drifting away, mutters to Reisen, “Don't underestimate me... I resisted that moon's effects and I'll resist you...” However, Marisa's mind, despite her efforts to resist, is slowly overcome.

Reisen says, "This is more powerful than the lunacy the moon eminates. You have no chance of resisting this..."

"You bitch... Ugh..." Finally, Marisa stands there with her eyes empty and blank.

Reimu, who was completely freed from Reisen’s control, but feels weakened, asks Marisa, “Huh? Marisa? What just happened?”

“…” Without answering, Marisa draws a spell card, “Love Sign.” Gold energy flows into her.

“What are you doing?” asks Reimu.

Marisa extends her arm toward Reimu, “Master Spark.” Marisa fires her giant laser.

“WHAAA!” Reimu quickly jumps to the side, but the force of the beam, knocks her away, “Marisa! What’s going on?”

 

In Eientei’s left hall, Reisen says to Youmu, “There. Your friend is released… but the blonde one in black is now my servant!”

“Damn you!” Youmu charges at Reisen, who’s eyes glow red. Suddenly, Youmu’s mind pulses and she slumps to the ground. Within her subconscious, she stands in the middle of a silver void.

Reisen, whose mind feels to be under considerable pressure, says, “Damn… These techniques take a lot out of me… but they are effective. Now to release a memory to do her in with… Once her subconcious mind is destroyed, she'll be completly mindless and I can do what I want with her..."

Inside Youmu’s subconscious, a figure materializes: An aging man with long hair and full facial hair, wearing brown clothes, with a sheathed Roukanken at his left hip, accompanied by a ghost-half. Youmu immediately recognizes the figure, “F-father?” The figure is none other than Youmu’s father, Youki Konpaku.

Youki angrily says, “Youmu! Do you realize what you are trying to accomplish?”

Youmu, not understanding what is going on, says, “What are you doing here, father? You just disappeared all the sudden! Where did you go? What happened?”

Youki, not listening to Youmu, repeats himself, “Do you realize what you are trying to accomplish?”

Youmu answers, “I’m on a mission to stop Kaguya and get rid of the moon that’s been making everyone, such as Yuyuko-sama, worship her.”

“Fool!” Youki unsheathes and swings his Roukanken, releasing a large blast of white spirit energy.

Youmu quickly jumps to the side, “Father! What are you doing? Why did you do that?”

Youki says, “Your mistress is Kaguya! That moon is for the good of Gensokyo and the Netherworld! Your defiance makes you an enemy of Gensokyo!”

Youmu says, “There’s no way you’re my father! What you always taught me is that my absolute mistress is Yuyuko-sama, and now she is in danger of falling under that moon’s control! Even if you are my father, I won’t let you get in my way!”

Youki says, “It’s really a pity that you refuse to change, for I now serve a higher purpose, but if you insist, I’ll show you what happens when you stand against me. Come, Youmu!”

Youmu unsheathes the Roukanken and charges at Youki, who draws a spell card, “Ghastly Image!” Youki’s ghost-half suddenly separates into several smaller wisps which swirl around the void.

Youmu looks around, I’ve never seen my father in battle, so I’m not aware of what he’s capable of with his spell cards…

“Death Onslaught!” The wisps turn into several transparent copies of Youki, which surround Youmu and close in.

“Tch…” Youmu extends the Roukanken and spins around, leaving several orbs of spirit energy in her sword’s wake, which she launches at Youki’s copies. The orbs hit each one, returning them to their wisp state. They return to Youki and condense back into his ghost-half.

“Not bad, Youmu,” says Youki, “I see you’ve improved in my absence, but that only means that I will get serious too!” Youki dashes at Youmu and their Roukankens clash. Youki attempts a quick counterattack, but Youmu steps back, dodging the attack then slashes at the air, creating more spiritual orbs, which fly toward Youki, who deflects them with his blade. Youki draws another spell card, “Blade Sign!” His ghost-half merges with his Roukanken, “Tormenting Sword!” Youki’s right arm and sword radiate with purple energy and her dashes toward Youmu, with his sword swinging wildly fast, faster than he normally would be able to swing it. Youmu raises her Roukanken to block an attack, but it get hit with so much force, she loses her grip on it.

“Ah!” In another quick attempt to defend herself, Youmu draws the Hakurouken, which is glowing an intense green aura, and tightens her grip on it to maintain her grasp. Youki’s Roukanken collides with Youmu’s Hakurouken and Youki’s weapon instantly dissolves into thin air.

Youki steps back, “Wh-what?”

Youmu looks at Youki, then the Hakurouken and recalls the memories she had learned from him, which were momentarily lost as a result of Reisen’s illusion, “That’s right! I was confronting that rabbit, then I ended up here! That means… you aren’t real, are you, ‘Father?’”

“…” Youki takes another step back.

“You taught me the Hakurouken destroys illusions and shows me the true path. Well, it’s time to return to reality. I hope the ‘real’ you is still alive out there!” Youmu charges at the fake Youki and runs him through with the Hakurouken. In that instant, the void shatters and Youmu regains consciousness, find herself before Reisen in Eientei’s hallway. Even though a few minutes had passed in Youmu’s subconscious, only an instant had passed in real time.

Reisen’s eyes widen, “What? How did you recover from that?”

Youmu answers, “You don’t need to know. Just remember that whatever mind tricks you have are useless against me!”

“Fine then…” growls Reisen, “I don’t need them to deal with the likes of you!”

 

In Eientei’s right corridor, Sakuya dashes through, leaving several defeated rabbit youkai sentries in her wake. Finally, she reaches a chamber unlike the rest of the castle: Even though she feels like she’s standing on solid ground, all around her, it looks like she’s in the middle of space. Above, around, and below her, there is a realistically beautiful celestial display.

Sakuya thinks out loud, “What IS this place…?” She slowly walks across it, looking around. She looks straight ahead of her and sees a colossal silvery-white sphere inside something that looks like a glass cage, “Huh? That looks like…” In front of the imprisoned sphere stands Eirin Yagokoro, looking at the sphere, “Who are you? Are you Kaguya?”

Eirin turns around toward Sakuya, “My apologies, but it seems you took the wrong path. My name is Eirin Yagokoro.” She raises an eyebrow, Huh? She…

Upon seeing Eirin’s face, a mysterious feeling runs through Sakuya’s head, What? Why am I feeling this way? Why does she look so… familiar…?

 

Outside Eientei, Marisa, who had recently fallen under Reisen’s control, continues to attack Reimu.

Reimu shifts her body’s weight to the side and dodges a few incoming shots of magic from Marisa, “I’m sorry, Marisa, but if you intend to attack me, I must defend myself!” Reimu draws some needles and tosses them at Marisa, who then carefully aims her magical shots to deflect the needles out of midair, Well, she’s certainly gotten better. Haven’t realized it until fighting her myself…

Marisa draws a spell card and monotonously declares, “Star Sign.” The card turns to golden energy, which gathers into an aerial mass high above.

“Tch.” Reimu looks up and prepares herself for the attack that’s coming.

“Dragon Meteo.” Several big lasers rain down from the mass of energy. Reimu dashes and leaps around, narrowly dodging one laser after another. Marisa fires a bolt of magic in Reimu’s path, causing her to flinch.

“Shit!” Reimu braces herself, as she gets hit by the bolt and one of the lasers, thereafter, forced to the ground. “Ugh…” Reimu summons enough energy to force herself back to her feet, using her gohei as a support.

Marisa stares at Reimu blankly and directs her hand toward her as another laser falls. Crumpling an ofuda in her fist, Reimu leaps out of the laser’s path and toward Marisa. With her fist glowing intensely, Reimu delivers a powerful left hook to Marisa’s face.

“…!” Marisa is sent careening, the blow interrupting her focus on her spell card.

“Sorry, Marisa…” Reimu draws her own spell card, “Treasure Sign: Ying-Yang Orb!” Three Yin-Yang Orbs materialize around Reimu. They emit blue auras, and then from those auras, fire blue bolts of holy energy at Marisa, who barely recovers from Reimu’s last attack, getting hit several times.

“…” Marisa releases a powerful pulse of magic from her entire body, defending herself from the bolts, and then draws another spell card, “Magicannon.” Multi-colored energy flows into her.

“Ah!” Reimu ceases her attack, knowing what’s coming next. The Yin-Yang Orbs fly in front of Reimu, forming a shield.

Marisa extends both of her arms toward Reimu, “Final Spark.” A magic circle opens in front of Marisa, which fires a massive laser of many colors. A few months ago, Marisa had trouble completely controlling this spell, but since then, she had mastered it. The Final Spark engulfs everything in its circumference, tearing away at the ground. Reimu is protected by a barrier formed by her Yin-Yang Orbs, but they strain under the power of Marisa’s attack.

“Not good…” Reimu, under the cover of the three orbs in front of her, pushes forward against the resisting force, slowly advancing toward Marisa. Finally, after getting close enough to the dark silhouette of Marisa at the end of the harmful tunnel of light. With an extra thrust of energy, Reimu flies toward Marisa.

“Disengage.” At the last second, Marisa cancels her attack and jumps away from Reimu, aided by her broom.

Reimu cancels the barrier formed by her orbs and swings her gohei at each of them toward Marisa, who quickly dodges all three, then fires a group of small magical lasers, which Reimu rolls out of the way of. She thinks to herself, So this is what it’s like fighting Marisa… We’ve been friends for a long time, but something told me it would come to this in one way or another… I just hoped she wouldn’t be trying to kill me…

…

Reimu thinks back to a talk she had with Marisa several years ago, in their preteen years. They had finished a brief sparring match, which Reimu had won, albeit with some effort on her part. They sat on the edge of a cliff, looking down at a large body of water with a few small islands.

Marisa says, “I doesn’t matter what I do, Reimu. You just always win…”

Reimu says, “It just comes easy to me, that’s all. However, I truly admire your efforts, Marisa. You devote so much of your time to practice, something I hardly ever do, and the results show.”

“But you are still stronger, purely through natural ability. If you would devote the time I had, you’d be even more incredible.”

Reimu pauses and says, “I… don’t know how you commit yourself, Marisa. I never feel that kind of motivation…”

“It’s because you have no damn inspiration. I train hard to catch up to you, but who do you have? No one I know of. Without inspiration and commitment, one can not feel motivated to improve upon themselves.”

Marisa seemed unusually solemn at the time. Marisa is usually intense, but when she is more down-to-earth, she has had a tendency to say some smart things, and that was one of those occasions. Marisa words that day stuck with Reimu to the present.

…

Reimu, recalling the old memory, draws a spell card and says, “I haven’t felt much motivation to put in the effort that you have toward anything, but this is for sure: You are my best friend, Marisa, and I’m not going to let this friendship end like this!”

 

Elsewhere, Youmu’s battle with Reisen begins.

Reisen starts the battle by materializing a white ball in her hand.

“Hm?” Youmu, not knowing what to make of what Reisen created, anticipates her next move. Reisen tosses the ball at Youmu, who quickly moves out of the way. However, the ball bursts in a small red explosion, which Youmu wasn’t expecting, and its force throws her off-balance, “Ah!”

“I have you!” Reisen shapes her right hand like at gun and points her index finger straight at Youmu, firing a shot of red energy, which hits Youmu directly, knocking her to the floor.

“Damn…” Using the Roukanken as a support, Youmu gets back to her feet.

Reisen smirks, “You haven’t seen anything, yet you have already been knocked to the floor? I overestimated you…”

Youmu challenges Reisen, “I dare you to try that again.”

Reisen accepts Youmu’s challenge, “Fine. You were the one that asked for it, after all!” Reisen throws another bomb at Youmu, afterward, tossing two more in succession. Youmu successfully dodges the first two and reflects the third back at Reisen, using the Roukanken’s broad end.

“Tch.” Reisen steps to the side, dodging her own attack.

Youmu smiles confidently, “After seeing you do that once, the second time won’t work.”

Reisen, unshaken by Youmu’s progress, says, “I expected as much. I know it’s a tired cliché, but now I will get serious…” Reisen draws a spell card, “and I’m sure this is enough proof that I’m not bluffing.”

Youmu shrugs, “Didn’t think you were…”

Reisen declares, “Wave Sign!” The card turns into red energy, which flows into her eyes, causing an intense glow. She tightly shuts her eyes as a reflex, the energy seeping from between her eyelids.

Youmu steps back at the unexpected behavior of Reisen’s spell card, softly muttering, “Never seen this…”

“Mind Shaker!” Reisen’s eyes burst open, and from them, several shots of red energy fly toward Youmu.

“Whoa!” Youmu prepares to dodge.

“…” Reisen smirks and closes her eyes. At that moment, the shots vanish.

“H-HUH?” Youmu, with her evasive strategy having hit an unforeseen wall, suddenly hesitates.

“Heh,” Reisen opens her eyes and all her shots reappear in different locations, in the way of Youmu’s original evasive tactic.

One shot slams Youmu in her left shoulder and another hits her right leg, “AHH!” Youmu slumps to the ground, “Wh-what the heck was that?”

Reisen explains, “Just something that I manipulate with my own mind. It makes things tough for my enemies, as I’m sure you’ve realized.”

“Tch.” Youmu gets back to her feet and wildly slashes at the air in front of her with the Roukanken, creating orbs of spiritual energy in her blade’s wake, which she then sends at Reisen.

Reisen smiles, “Wow, are you that angry? I figured you’d put up a better fight than this…” Reisen shapes both of her hands like guns and fires a volley of red energy bullets at Youmu’s swarm, canceling out the orbs in the middle and jumping through the opening.

However, Youmu improves on the original attack, drawing a spell card, “Six Realms Sword!” Youmu’s ghost half merges with the Roukanken and purple energy flows from the blade, “Ageless Obsession!” Youmu cuts the air in front of her in a circular pattern, creating a void, from which several sharply edged petals emerge, flying toward Reisen.

“Er…” Not so sure of her chances against Youmu’s improved attack, Reisen fires more bullets at the smaller projectiles, but fails to get rid of enough to protect her from Youmu’s attack, which tears through her, inflicting small wounds.

 

Back outside Eientei, Reimu declares her spell card, “Dream Sign!” Reimu draws a handful of ofuda with her left hand, which red energy flows into and a portal opens in front of her, the result of some training Reimu recently received from Yukari Yakumo to manipulate Gensokyo’s boundary to a small degree. The ofuda fly into the portal and all around her and Marisa, portals open and close, with the energized ofuda emerging from and entering portals.

“…” Marisa looks around, trying to assess the situation.

“Duplex Barrier!” Several portals appear around Marisa and the ofuda emerge from them, hitting her, their energy releasing a moderate impact. Reimu sends another wave of ofuda, I’m sorry, Marisa, but this will hopefully render you unconscious, allowing me to take care of the source of what happened to you…

 

The battle between Youmu and Reisen continues.

“YAAA!” Youmu charges at Reisen, who recovers fairly quickly and opens her hand, which a rapier materializes in. Both of their blades clash, Reisen defended from the Roukanken, but quickly getting overpowered. However, Youmu follows through again and delivers at kick, which goes below Reisen’s defenses, sending her staggering backward. While Reisen is stunned, Youmu creates another swarm of spiritual orbs, which slam into Reisen, sending her flying.

“AAARRGGHHH!” Reisen hits the floor, her focus on her control over Marisa disrupted.

 

Reacting to the disruption, Marisa comes back to her senses, “Huh? Wh_” Suddenly, she is bombarded by ofuda from Reimu’s attack, “AAAHH!”

“Huh?” Reimu notices Marisa’s reaction to the pain.

“Reimu!”

“She’s back to normal? Damn, I gotta stop this! Disengage!” The portals close and the energy disappears from the ofuda, stopping them in mid-flight and they harmlessly flutter to the ground.

“Ugh…” Weakened, Marisa slumps to her knees. Reimu rushes over to her.

“You’re back to normal, Marisa? I’m so glad!”

“What happened?” asks Marisa, “Wait…” Marisa recalls what happened, “You were under control, then that bunny showed up, saying she’s control me, then I suddenly find myself like this…”

Reimu says, “That blank period was you under her control.”

“Passed from you to me, huh?”

Reimu looks at Eientei, “I almost forgot, but what happened to Sakuya and Youmu? Did they…?”

Marisa nods, “Yeah. When that bunny took control of you, they went in after her. If I recovered, then they are probably fighting her as we speak, if it’s not history by now…”

“Then we gotta go in and help them!”

“Yeah…” Marisa struggles to her feet, but is close to collapsing, “Damn…”

“Hold on,” Reimu draws a spell card, “Recovery Sign: Pain’s Banishment!” White energy flows into Marisa. Her pain disappears and she feels a little more energized.

“Thanks.” Marisa picks up her broom, “They are probably far in by now, so we gotta make up for it. Hop on.”

Reimu hops on the back of Marisa broomstick and they fly into Eientei’s halls at a high speed.

 

Meanwhile, in the inner sanctum of Eientei’s right passage, where Sakuya confronts Eirin Yagokoro, Eirin explains the large sphere, “This is my invention, the Moon Seal.”

Sakuya, putting her curiosity about Eirin aside for the sake of more important things, asks, “’Moon Seal?’”

“A charm I made. Combining the lunatic powers of Reisen Udongein Inaba, the ability of my princess, Kaguya, and my ingenuity, this is the cornerstone of Gensokyo’s salvation. Kaguya-hime has the ability to manipulate the moon above, yet it takes a heavy toll on her, so my invention sustains the effect so she can relax.”

“Salvation?” yells Sakuya, “What you are doing is taking over the minds of people all over Gensokyo!”

Eirin arrogantly smiles, “Tsk. Tsk. Just the observation I’d expect from a human. As always, your kind is stupid and ignorant. You don’t understand.”

“Then explain it so I do understand! Besides, aren’t you a human too?”

“Technically, but my answer to that is yet another thing that exceeds your comprehension.”

Sakuya growls, “You’re pissing me off, ‘Eirin!’ I don’t care what lame reason you have to justify what you are doing. If you say your invention is what’s causing that moon to remain in Gensokyo, then I will destroy it. Simple as that and I won’t let you get in my way!”

A bow materializes in Eirin’s hand, “I figured as much, but I still will ‘get in your way,’ even if you won’t let me.”

Sakuya draws a knife, “This ends here! I will put an end to this!”

“You’re welcome to try. En garde.” Around Eirin, several magic circles appear. She pulls back on her bow’s cord and an arrow materializes, ready to be fired. At the same time, other arrows emerge from the middle of the magic circles.

“Basic!” Sakuya, mimicking Eirin’s tactic, materializes a group of magic circles around her.

Sakuya throws her knife and Eirin fires her arrow. At the same time, knives and arrows fly out of the magic circles of their respective owners. They both move quickly and dodge each other’s weapons. Eirin fires three arrows at Sakuya, who throws three knives in the paths of the arrows, causing the weapons to deflect off each other.

“…” Sakuya focuses hard and freezes time. She tosses several knives, which freeze in midair, then disappear as time resumes. She charges straight at Eirin, ready to attack up close.

“Fool,” Eirin narrowly dodges to the side as Sakuya thrusts her knife. Her left hand charges with energy and she delivers a powerful blow, which sends Sakuya flying backward.

“Ugh… Heh…” In mid-flight, Sakuya grins. She directs her hand in Eirin's direction and the knives she previously threw in frozen time appear and fly toward the unsuspecting Eirin.

“!” Eirin, reacting quickly, dodges most of the knives, but one grazes the side of her face. Eirin stands frozen, but then smiles as blood trickles down her cheek, “Haha! I’ve seen this before. Yes, this is manipulation of time, isn’t it?”

Sakuya glares at Eirin suspiciously, “You caught on pretty fast. You seem familiar with my power, why is that?”

Eirin simply says, “Well you are talking to a genius. Not a lot of things are a secret to me.” I knew her appearance, choice of weapon, and fighting style were familiar, but seeing her power confirms it, “Tell me, who are you?”

Sakuya introduces herself, “My name is Sakuya Izayoi, the perfect and elegant maid of the vampire, Remilia Scarlet.”

Eirin’s eyes widen, “’Maid… of a VAMPIRE?’” She puts her hand on her forehead and laughs, “HAHAHAHA! I see…”

Sakuya’s eyes narrow, “What’s so funny?”

“Nothing. Very well, ‘maid,’ Let us continue.”

“Gladly,” Sakuya tosses a knife at Eirin, expecting her to counter, so she can expose a weakness, but instead, Eirin stands in place and watches the knife, aimed at her chest, approach.

At the last possible second, Eirin steps to the side and the knife flies past her, “The accuracy of your throw was 0.000008 degrees off from hitting the point that would have inflicted the most damage. How disappointing.”

“Shut up!” Sakuya tosses several more knives, all of which Eirin carefully watches and dodges accordingly.

Eirin draws a spell card, “Spacesphere!” The card turns to energy, which swirls around Sakuya, “Earth in a Pot!” The energy materializes into wisps, which fires several tiny blasts of white power at the surrounded Sakuya, who manages to squeeze around the majority, but gets hit a few times.

“Ugh…” As Eirin’s spell wears off, Sakuya readies her own spell card, “Illusion Existence!” Sakuya freezes time and several knives materialize in front of her. Time resumes, “Clock Corpse!” The knives narrow in on Eirin, who jumps to the side and fires several arrows at Sakuya while in midair. Sakuya dodges the first few arrows, but Eirin catches on to her movements and fire one last arrow in her dodging path, which skewers the midpoint of Sakuya’s right arm, “AAAAARRRGGHHH!”

Eirin lands, “Your movements are predictable, at least to a genius like me. Care to continue this conflict?”

Sakuya, enduring her pain, yells, “Ye-yeah, I want to continue…” She tries to summon a knife, but her right arm is completely paralyzed, “H-huh?” Not good! She completely disabled my dominant arm. I can’t throw as well with my left…

 

In Eientei’s main hallway, Reimu and Marisa, after flying past a number of defeated rabbit youkai, encounter Tewi, who slowly rises to her feet. Marisa’s broom, which Reimu and Marisa are both riding, comes to a stop. Tewi says, “Please stop! That fake moon is for Gensokyo’s benefit! We aren’t trying to take control of everyone for ourselves.”

Reimu says, “Look, regardless of your reasoning, what you are doing is taking the freedom away from everyone in Gensokyo! There is nothing beneficial about it!”

“Please listen!” yells Tewi.

“No can do,” says Marisa, “We have no time to debate this. Time is running out and this castle is huge. We are getting rid of that damn moon. Period.” With that, Marisa and Reimu speed ahead.

The weakened Tewi collapses on the floor, “I’m sorry, Kaguya-hime. I… couldn’t stop them…” Tired, Tewi closes her eyes and falls asleep.

A few minutes later, Reimu and Marisa arrive at the fork in the hallway.

Marisa observes the obvious, “Damn! There’s two ways we can go! Which one did Sakuya and Youmu take? Which one leads to Kaguya. What a subtle, but effective defense…”

“I wonder…” says Reimu, thinking.

Marisa says, “Normally, people choose to go with the right, but people know this and make it the left… but THEN people assume THAT and make it the right, but…”

“We can only operate on a wild guess then…” Reimu pauses, “No doubt, Sakuya and Youmu encountered this too. I’d bet they split up and took both paths, and we should to.”

“I guess you’re right,” says Marisa, “Good luck, Reimu.”

“You too,” Reimu hops off the broom and takes the right path while Marisa takes the left.

 

In Eientei’s left hall, Youmu and Reisen’s battle continues.

Youmu’s ghost-half fires a volley of large red orbs of spirit energy at Reisen, who quickly runs to the side, avoiding most of them, but then gets hit by the last one and is sent flying, dropping her sword, but in midair, she fires a blast of energy at Youmu, which catches her off guard and she staggers backward. Both the half-ghost and rabbit youkai breath quickly, becoming worn down.

Reisen draws a spell card, “Loafing Sign!” Twelve magic circles appear in front of Reisen in a square-shaped pattern, “Idling Wave!” Red shots of energy shoot out of the circles toward Youmu, who raises the Roukanken in defense. However, the shots disappear just as they are about to connect.

Youmu lowers her guard in confusion, “Huh?”

“Gotcha,” Reisen smirks as the shots reappear and slam into the unguarded Youmu, sending her flying several feet.

“AHHH!” Youmu hits the ground. After a few seconds of recovery, she gets back to her feet.

Reisen’s eyes widen, “Not bad! I thought that had you for sure, but you’re more durable than you look it seems… though now you look pretty fragile after that…”

“Likewise,” retorts Youmu, “You look like you’ll collapse any moment…”

“Don’t underestimate me…” Reisen draws another spell card.

Youmu gasps, “Ah! You must be bluffing! I don’t think you can handle anymore spell cards.”

Reisen responds, “I can handle ONE more, and this will finish you without a doubt! Prepare yourself!” Reisen raises the card, takes a few deep breaths, then declares, “Lunatic Gaze!” Suddenly, the hallway around them is covered by the curtain of a purple void created by Reisen’s spell card.

Youmu looks around, “What is this? Once this spell is over, you will be unconscious for sure! You said you need to be awake for the fake moon to control people.”

Reisen solemnly says, “When I wake up, everything will be controlled again. As long as Kaguya-hime and Eirin-sama’s charm is intact, it won’t matter. The temporary reprieve from insanity is a small price to pay to deal with those that stand in our way! This is for Gensokyo’s future!”

“What?”

“Enough! It’s time to finish this! Illusion Seeker!” Behind Reisen, in the void, two large blood-red eyes open. From them, a massive wave of red energy, resembling water, arcs around Reisen and toward Youmu. The wave formation rapidly changes.

“Damn…” Youmu charges at the advancing waves and jumps over waves in front. Despite having the appearance of water and behaving like it in its advance, it is actually solid. Youmu jumps over waves to calmer areas and gradually advances toward Reisen. Suddenly, a wave shoots up in front of Youmu and slams into her, delivering a heavy impact, which knocks her back, followed by the impact of a few more waves, “AAAAH!” Youmu barely gets up and draws a spell card, “I’m not in much of a condition for this either, Reisen, but here goes! Obsessor!” Red energy flows into Youmu.

“Tch.” Reisen anticipates Youmu’s move.

“Slash of the Eternity!” Moving at a blinding speed, swinging the Roukanken rapidly, Youmu breaks through the waves of Reisen’s attack and quickly closes in on her, finally appearing right in front of her.

“Ah! No!” The surprised Reisen takes a few steps backward.

“YAAAAAA!” Youmu delivers a powerful slash with the Roukanken, creating a large gash across Reisen’s upper chest, then follows up by slamming her knee into Reisen’s gut.

“GUK!” Reisen coughs up blood, doubles over, collapses to the ground, and the void around them shatters, revealing Eientei’s corridor, “Damn it…” Reisen coughs a couple more times.

The equally exhausted Youmu slowly walks past Reisen, “Hey… Would you mind answering me one thing?”

“What?”

“When you created an illusion of my father for me to fight… it felt like you were pulling an image from my memories… but I never saw him use his spell cards before. I have no memory of that… so how did you know of his abilities?”

Reisen forces a slight smile, “… It was… a lucky guess, I suppose…” With that, Reisen, faints, a puddle of her blood spreading below her.

…

“Huh? This castle… It looks a lot like the empress’! Could this mean… Huh?”

“Huh? Who are you? You don’t look like the rabbits around here… Wait… This only means… Kaguya-hime! It’s a moon rabbit! I can’t believe it, but it looks like they are on to us!”

“What! You’re Kaguya! That means that this is where you’ve been hiding! In Gensokyo!”

“Why are you here?”

“A bunch of other Lunarian rabbits and I were dispatched to several earthly realms by Empress Lunariya Houraisan in search of her daughter, Kaguya, or the traitor, Eirin Yagokoro…”

“She’s here for us! Stand back, princess! I shall deal with this inconvenience!”

“AHHHH! Wait a minute! I won’t tell anyone I found you here! I swear!”

“What?”

“I was hoping none of us would find you! Any place is better than the moon right now! I’ll just tell them I found nothing!”

“Huh?”

“I don’t want to go back there! Just give me a place to stay here and I’ll feign ignorance to your whereabouts when they ask me!”

“… … … … … … Kaguya-hime… I think she’s telling the truth…”

“Whew… I guess we’re lucky you found us, then. So what’s your name?”

“Reisen.”

…

“Sorry…” Reisen’s consciousness drifts away. At that moment, the red light of lunacy the false moon was emitting disappears.

 

In the bamboo forest, Mokou, quickly closing in on Eientei, notices the change, “Huh? The moon! That light is gone and so is that bad feeling, but the shape hasn’t changed. I don’t think this is over…”

 

In the human village, hidden from history, Keine also feels the feeling from the fake moon vanish, “It’s gone… but something still doesn’t feel right…”

 

On a distant cliff, Mystia, Wriggle, and Rumia watch the red light vanish.

“It’s gone,” says Rumia, “Does that mean they stopped Kaguya?”

“Doesn’t matter to me,” says Wriggle, “They got past us, so we’re not getting a new home, so I have no more reason to give a shit.”

Mystia observes, “But that moon’s still not full…”

 

On top of Scarlet Devil Mansion’s clock tower, Remilia and the fairy maids recover from the effects, “Huh? What happened? Everything seemed to go blank, then…”

Nearby, inside the tower, Meiling and Patchouli overhear Remilia. Meiling says, “That’s different. Could it be that Sakuya did it?”

“Seems that way,” observes Patchouli. She carefully goes to check outside “… but the moon’s shape has not altered. There still must be some unfinished business…”

 

In Hakugyokurou, The Prismriver Sisters snap out of their trance.

“Huh?”

“What… just happened?”

Yuyuko, who was sitting in a tree’s protection, says happily, “Youmu did it!”

 

On the mountain where Reimu and Marisa met with their friends, Alice, Suika, and Cirno return to normal.

Rinnosuke steps out from the cover of the tree, “Looks like that’s over. At least I can now move around…”

 

Outside Miyohiga Village, Ran and Chen, who were previously affected by Kaguya’s moon recover.

Ran looks around, “What was that strange feeling. I feel like I missed something…”

Chen agrees, “You’re right, nya. The moon changed, then there was some strange light… I don’t remember anything after that, Ran-sama…”

Yukari, who is standing nearby in an abandoned house’s shade, says to herself, “That light is gone and Ran and Chen are back to normal, but the moon is still not what it’s supposed to be. Well, I should hurry and get over to that castle, now that I can...” Yukari disappears into a portal.

 

In Eientei’s left hall, Marisa catches up with Youmu, who slowly advances ahead, dragging her feet and using the Roukanken as walking aid, “Youmu!”

Youmu looks back at Marisa, “Oh! That rabbit… Reisen… said she took control of you. Look like you recovered.”

“Apparently so. I saw her laying unconscious back there, but it looks like you’ve had a hard battle.”

“Yeah. I’m pretty tired…”

Marisa pauses for a few seconds, “You just wait here, Youmu. I’ll check out what’s ahead.”

“What about you?”

“Don’t worry. Reimu helped me recover some of my energy, so I’m good to go.”

Youmu, in not much of a position to turn down Marisa’s advice, says, “Okay. I’ll rest for a few. I’ll catch up later. Good luck with whatever’s ahead.”

Without a word, Marisa nods and flies ahead at full speed.

A few minutes later, Marisa arrives at the castle’s ‘throne room,’ but finds no one there, “Hm… This looks like the place for a princess, but…” Behind the throne, or at least a chair decorated to look important, Marisa spots a door, “Hello. Looks like that’s the only other exit…” Marisa lands and enters the door. Inside, she enters a tall cylinder-shaped room with celestial-inspired designs on the walls. On the ceiling, high above, there is a large realistic painting of a full moon. On it, there are some crystal-like colors. Marisa vaguely recognizes that image, “Huh? Something about it is… familiar… but where have I seen that?”

“Why, hello there!” On a high-up balcony, a girl with long black hair, wearing a pink shirt with several white bows and a long red skirt appears.

“And you are…?” Marisa asks the girl, “I take it you’re this ‘Kaguya,’ who happens to be all the rage with everyone in Gensokyo?”

Kaguya smiles, “That I am. I heard there were some intruders, so you must be one of them. I’m surprised you managed to resist Reisen’s ability.”

Marisa grins, “I see, so you are Kaguya. I have some things to settle, so get your ass down here!”

Kaguya says, “I take it you want me to make that moon disappear. I know it looks like a problem, but in time, you will be thanking me.”

“Not likely! You forced my friends into… WORSHIPING you, and frankly, I don’t like attention whores who go to such a length, so I’m gonna set you straight!”

Kaguya sighs and says, “This isn’t about me, intruder. This is for the good of you and many others.”

Marisa growls, “That’s the same bullshit excuse that Tewi made, but I’m not buying it. There is no way this can be good for everyone!”

Kaguya closes her eyes, “If force is going to be what keeps you from being foolish…” she opens her eyes “… so be it. I’m more powerful than my appearance may suggest and you won’t get in my way easily!” Kaguya directs her hand toward Marisa and fires a red laser, which she quickly sidesteps.

Marisa secures her hat on her head with a grin, saying, “Come and get some, Kaguya!”

 

Meanwhile, in the inner sanctum of the right hall, Sakuya and Eirin’s battle continues and Sakuya uphill situation becomes more and more vertical. Eirin dodges Sakuya less-effective left-handed throws and Eirin counters all of Sakuya’s spell cards, which, as a result, had rendered Sakuya exhausted.

Eirin fires an arrow, which pieces Sakuya’s foot. “EEYYYAAAHHH!” Sakuya shrieks as she falls to the ground.

Eirin says calmly, “It’s obvious that you no longer stand a chance. Before I finish this, I’d like you to answer a question for me: How did you resist the effects of Reisen’s power emanating from Kaguya’s moon? Only those we choose for exemption from the effects and people of my kind can resist it naturally, and you don’t seem to have any nifty trinkets to assist you.”

Sakuya forces a grin, “It… just failed to affect me… Perhaps I’m too good for it…”

Eirin smiles, “Thank you for that final confirmation.”

“What are you talking about?”

“It doesn’t matter. Here is where our battle concludes!”

“Sakuya!” At that moment, Reimu arrives at the inner sanctum.

Sakuya looks in Reimu’s direction, “Reimu?”

“…” Eirin flies into the air, drops down next to the helpless Sakuya, materializes an arrow in her hand, picks her body up, and shoves the arrow through her heart.

“ACK!” Sakuya coughs out blood.

“SAKUYAAAAAAAAA!” screams Reimu as she runs over to Sakuya and Eirin.

Eirin pauses for a few seconds, then yanks the arrow out of Sakuya’s body, intensifying the bleeding. She takes a few steps back as Reimu approaches.

Reimu crouches down and cradles Sakuya’s body with her arms, “S-Sakuya…”

With her last breath, Sakuya mutters, “Reimu… Bright sphere… destroy…”

“…” Several tears roll down Reimu’s cheeks as she grieves for her fallen companion.

Sakuya’s eyes widen as she watches Reimu cry, “Re… i… mu…” Sakuya’s vision begins to fade. Shortly, all signs of life disappear from her eyes. I'm sorry, Remilia-sama...

“Sakuya? SAKUYA!” Reimu checks Sakuya’s pulse, but feels nothing, “No…”

Eirin cuts into the melodramatic scene that unfolded before her eyes, “I take it you saw that woman as your friend? Such foolishness… It’s almost amusing for what she is…”

Reimu’s sadness converts to anger and she slams her fist hard on the invisible floor, “Shut up!” Her knuckles start to bleed, but she doesn’t notice.

Eirin calmly states, “If you wish to avenge your ‘friend,’ you are most certainly welcome to try, but I assure you, there is a high probability that you will end up like her.”

“RRRAAAAAGGHHHHH!” roars Reimu as she glares at Eirin and a power pulse of energy erupts from her body, forcing Eirin to take a few steps backward to maintain her balance. Reimu gets up to her feet and charges at Eirin. 
Ancient Japan…

Once upon a time, a woodcutter found a young girl lying unconscious in the middle of the bamboo forest where he lived. She had no parents, and so the woodcutter and his wife, without any children of their own, took her in and took care of her as their own daughter. The girl, calling herself Kaguya Houraisan, was remarkable in the sense that even in the test of time, she had not aged at all, even as her parents have grown old. She was also strikingly beautiful, with her long black hair and pale complexion, that few men could resist her natural charm.

Elsewhere, a kind and handsome young nobleman found an infant girl, also without parents and raised her as his own. She had red eyes and aqua hair, but more unusual, she had the ability to control fire. Cautious of her ability, she was kept from the public, but treated with kindness. Her name was Fujiwara no Mokou.

In time, five noblemen, including Mokou’s father fell in love with Kaguya’s charms and became interested in taking her hand in marriage. However, Kaguya, uninterested in all of them, assigns each of them a task to prove their devotion to her and prove their worth.

During dinner one night, Mokou’s father asks the 15-year-old Mokou, who is wears a red kimono, “Mokou… Would you like to have a mother?”

Mokou, about to take a bite of her food, lowers her fork, “Huh? What do you mean by that?”

Mokou’s father answers, “There is… someone I fancy. If all goes well, I’ll be able to have her hand in marriage…”

“I dunno. I like things the way they are now. Just you and me, father.”

“Hahaha! I understand, but I’m sure she is a wonderful person!”

“Whatever you say. So… when am I gonna have a mom?”

“Well… You see, there are four other young suitors, in the same position as me. We were told to each find an item to bring back to the young lady I speak of, Kaguya.”

“Ka… gu… ya?” Mokou prepares to drinks out of her cup of water, “So… what did she want you to find?” Mokou sips her water.

“She wants me to bring back a robe made of the fur of the Chinese Fire Rat.”

Mokou, in surprise, spits her water across the table, dropping short of her father, “What the hell is this? I’ve heard of those things in myths and legends, but that’s it: myths and legends. It’s too unrealistic!”

“About as realistic as a girl that controls fire?”

“Well…” Mokou can’t come up with a good riposte to her father’s statement.

Mokou’s father explains, “Next week, I shall depart for China to embark on my quest. I don’t know how long it will take me…”

Mokou protests, “You don’t need to do this! I’ve heard that Fire Rats can set their fur ablaze! It will take me some practice, but I’m sure I can make something that fits such a description. You know I have that kind of power!”

Mokou’s father smiles, “You are a good girl, Mokou, but I must make an honest effort to find that which Kaguya desires. I’ve heard rumors that my rivals plan to cheat to win, but deceit is not an expression of love. I will truly prove my love to her by finding a Fire Rat and coming back with its fur.”

Mokou rolls her eyes, “Honestly, I still don’t believe that Fire Rats exist…”

“I must try. I don’t think I’ll feel this way about anyone else…”

Despite Mokou’s protests, her father has truly made up his mind and she sees no way of talking him out of it. She reluctantly says, “Alright, dad. Good luck out there…”

A week later, Mokou’s father, accompanied by a small group of samurai bodyguards, departs for China. Mokou, honoring her father’s decision, still has doubts regarding the existence of Fire Rats and questions what Kaguya’s angle is with it.

Three years pass…

Each year felt like an eternity as the now 18-year-old Mokou awaited her father’s return. Finally, one of her father’s samurai returns and comes to Mokou’s room with some grave news, “Mokou… I’m sorry. We’ve searched as hard as we could, but to no avail. I’m afraid the master had caught a deadly disease while over there, and… He never gave up searching, even… Well…” The messenger’s stress keeps him from continuing to think straight.

Mokou, hiding her mix of sorrow and rage directed toward Kaguya, says, “I see. I understand…”

The messenger takes a few deep breaths and calms down a little “… The master has no children. I know you were like his daughter, but you aren’t really his child so… I’m reluctant to say this, but as of today, this house is disbanded. I’m sorry, Mokou-sama…”

Mokou exhales slightly and says, “I understand. Please leave me now…”

“Yes. Excuse me…” the messenger respectably bows and leaves Mokou alone.

Mokou pauses for a few seconds, then, venting her anger, clenches her fist tightly, ignites it, then slams it against the wooden wall, setting it ablaze, “Dammit! Damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, DAMN IT!” She slumps to the floor and her tears stain the surface, Father… Those pure feeling you had for her… Why did they have to lead you to your death? This is all her… Kaguya’s fault! If she didn’t send you off on an impossible mission, this never would have happened. We’d still be happy… Mokou rises to her feet, thinking out loud, “I will avenge you. This may not be the path you wanted me to choose, but now I stand alone…”

Mokou changes out of her kimono into a much more casual pair of baggy red overalls and a brown shirt. She leaves the mansion without any intention of returning, like she had left her innocence behind. She looks up to the night sky, “From here on, I am an avenger… Father… if I send her to the afterlife, will the two of you be happy together?”

 

Like Mokou’s father, the other four noblemen seeking to win over Kaguya’s heart also failed their respective tasks, though their fates were not nearly as harsh. During the three years Mokou’s father had been trying to fulfill Kaguya’s request, even Japan’s young Emperor had fallen in love with her. He too was rejected, though not given any request, but still kept in touch with Kaguya.

Eventually, Kaguya received a mysterious message from a race called the ‘Lunarians,’ saying that on the next full moon, they will come to take Kaguya home. She reveals her true identity to her parents and the Emperor: She was originally from the moon. She was sent to Earth in exile as punishment for drinking the Hourai Elixir, a potion that grants its consumer eternal life. However, she had grown attached to her life on Earth and wishes to not ever return to the moon. The Emperor respects Kaguya’s wishes and stations one-hundred of his finest archers around Kaguya’s home.

However, on the night of the full moon, the Lunarian emissaries, five in number, as they descend, radiate intense white light, blinding the archers. They all wear silver robes with hood concealing all but the lower portion of their faces. They arrive in the back room of Kaguya’s home, where Kaguya’s elderly foster parents, the Emperor, and Kaguya herself, were hiding.

The leader of the group of emissaries pulls back her hood revealing a young woman with gray eyes and braided silver hair, “Kaguya Houraisan-hime. As per your mother’s orders, we have been ordered to take you home to the moon.”

Kaguya protests, “No, Eirin Yagokoro! I will not go back! I want to stay here forever!”

Another emissary says, “Don’t make this difficult, your highness. Our orders come straight from you mother, Empress Houraisan, herself. You have no choice.”

Kaguya beseeches the emissary she identified as Eirin Yagokoro, “Please, Eirin! You understand me better than anyone! You listened to me when I was about to be banished! You were the only one to treat me like a human being, not royalty! Please understand that I don’t want to return home! Help me, Eirin!”

Eirin closes her eyes in thought and asks, “Kaguya-hime… are you absolutely certain you don’t wish to return home?”

“I am certain!” answers Kaguya, “I never want to go back there ever again!”

“I understand.” Eirin opens her eyes, walks over to Kaguya’s side, and faces the other four emissaries, “You heard Kaguya-hime. She will not go back. You will tell her majesty, the Empress, that you were unable to locate the princess, as she’s gone into hiding.”

One of the emissaries snickers, “Heh. You can’t be serious. Our sworn allegiance lies with the Empress, not some doctor.”

“Oh, I am serious…” A bow materializes in Eirin’s hand. She pulls back the cord and an arrow materializes, ready to be fired. She aims at one emissary. Three magic circles appear in front of the other three emissaries and arrow heads emerge from the middle of each.

“Ah!” The Emperor and Kaguya’s foster parents gasp at the display of powers they never seen before.

“Leave now! Don’t make me get messy!” warns Eirin.

The is a momentary pause, finally one of the emissaries chuckles, “Hmhmhm…” then laughs, “Heheheh…” then outright cackles, “HAHAHA!”

Eirin’s eyes narrow, “What is so funny?”

The emissary pulls back her hood, revealing a girl with short brown hair with red eyes and a pair of rabbit ears extending out of her head. “Wh…” Kaguya’s parents and the Emperor are taken even further aback at the sight of a creature they have never seen before.

The rabbit-girl says with a devious smirk, “You are too late, traitor! I already sent a psychic message to the other Lunarian Imperial Moon Rabbits! In a matter of hours, many other Lunarians will come here. They will take Kaguya-hime home by force, even if it means bringing back her temporary corpse… and as for you, Eirin… they will do things to you that will make you wish you never created and drank that elixir! HAHAHA!”

Eirin grits her teeth in anger and frustration, “Tch. Damn you!” Eirin fires her arrow, silencing the laughter of the rabbit girl via an arrow through the forehead. In synchronization, arrows fire out of the magic circles killing the other three emissaries.

“…” Kaguya, her parents, and the Emperor are silent to the development that just occurred.

Staring at the corpses of her former comrades, Eirin explains to Kaguya, “Kaguya-hime, you will continue to live within this Earthly realm, but not as you have been. My ignorance to the powers that moon rabbits possess, and my actions, have branded us as fugitives. The best thing we can do right now is escape to someplace where they won’t find us.”

“…” Kaguya stares at the floor, unwilling to accept what just happened.

With a sigh, Eirin says, “I’m terribly sorry, Kaguya-hime, but what’s done is done. If we remain here, your loved ones will be put in danger as well.”

“Ah!” Kaguya realizes the truth in Eirin’s words and turn to her parents and the Emperor, solemnly explaining, “I’m sorry, but she is right. I don’t wish to endanger you. I must leave.”

The Emperor protest, “No! You don’t have to do this! My men will protect you! I will make sure they won’t do so much as touch you!”

Eirin asks, somewhat smugly, “Like those archers were successful in stopping us?” She explains, “I’m sorry, but your forces are not cut out for that kind of task. The Holy Lunarian Empire is more powerful than you can possibly imagine. With all those soldiers outside and the claim you have an army at your command, I assume you are of high status here?”

“I am the Emperor of this country!”

Eirin bows respectfully, “My apologies, then. Look, with all due respect, it would take just one low-level Lunarian grunt to wipe out your entire army. This is NOT an exaggeration. Even I am capable of such a feat. In terms of technology and magic, you don’t stand a chance either way. For the safety of this entire country, perhaps the entire world, it is important that Kaguya-hime is hidden.”

“… I understand…” reluctantly says the Emperor, torn between Kaguya and all of Japan.

Eirin adds, “I also want you to keep quiet if they question you about our whereabouts. Just feign ignorance all the way.” She turns toward the heap of Lunarian corpses, “And hide this ‘mess’ as well. This is very important… so I’ll give you an added incentive…” Eirin pulls a flask out of her robe and hands it to the Emperor.

“What is this?” asks the Emperor.

Eirin answers, “It will grant you mankind’s darkest wish. It will make you like Kaguya-hime and myself…”

The Emperor, recalling Kaguya’s mention of the Hourai Elixir, guesses, “If I drink this… it will make me immortal?”

Eirin nods, “That’s absolutely right. Immortality as an exchange for sacrificing Kaguya-hime from your life and your silence. Sound fair?”

“…”

Eirin turns to Kaguya, “We’ve spent too much time here. Say your goodbyes, but be quick. I want us to be far away from here when the other Lunarians arrive!”

“I understand…” Kaguya turns to her foster parents, “I’m sorry for what you had to see. It’s all my fault…”

“We understand,” says Kaguya’s mother, “You had a tough choice to make and I’m honored you wanted to stay here.”

Kaguya’s father says, “Please, Kaguya… Be safe and follow your own path…” He turns to Eirin, “’Eirin,’ was it? We’re leaving our ‘daughter’ to you. Please take care of her!”

“I will,” promises Eirin with a nod.

Kaguya turns to the Emperor, “Thank you for caring so much about me. I know not a lot of girls get an honor like this…” Kaguya forces a smile to hide her sadness, “… and someday, if things were different, who knows?”

“Thank you for letting me know you…” That’s all the Emperor can bring himself to say. He raises his hand and waves goodbye.

Kaguya, on the verge of tears, says, “Thank you… for every…thing…”

“…” Eirin walks out of the room. Kaguya follows her, pauses to take one final look at the three loved ones she will never see again, and then keeps going.

They escape out the back door, into the surrounding bamboo forest. Above, unseen, a mysterious figure, who was eavesdropping on the recent turn of events giggles, “Fufufu~ Intriguing… I guess I’ll play a part in this too…”

Not a single word is said after that. The Emperor leaves the house and meets with his attendants outside, including a large group of samurai, one of whom is Mokou, completely concealed, after secretly stealing the armor from one of them.

The Emperor’s advisor makes the obvious statement, “I’m sorry. We’ve failed, your majesty…”

“I see…”

The advisor asks about the Hourai Elixir the Emperor is holding, “What is that, your majesty?”

“It’s unbelievable…” says the Emperor, indirectly answering his advisor’s question, with Mokou secretly eavesdropping, “A long time ago, Kaguya drank something like this… and became immortal…”

Mokou’s eyes widen behind her helmet, Immortal? And I’m seeking to kill her under those circumstances?

“… Now, with this… I am given the same opportunity. Eternal life…”

Mokou grits her teeth, Dammit! Looks like you won’t be meeting her, father, but I will still do what I set out to do. I know no other way of living now… but to do this, I must become immortal too, and that potion the emperor is holding is the key… but how will I do this?

The advisor is overjoyed, “If you drink that, you can become immortal?”

The Emperor sighs, “But is it worth it?”

“Whew…” Mokou lets out a sigh of relief at the Emperor’s hesitation, but knows she is not yet in the clear.

The advisor is taken aback, “Of course! With eternal life, you can do great things!”

The Emperor makes his decision, “I will not. An eternal life without Kaguya is an eternal life I do not desire…” He hand the elixir to a nearby samurai and says to him and another close by, pointing toward Mount Fuji in the distance, “I want the two of you to take this to Mount Fuji and burn it in its flames. This is important. Things like this are not meant for mankind.”

“Yes, your majesty,” respond the two samurai obediently. They run in the direction of Mount Fuji.

The Emperor turns to the other samurai, including Mokou, “There are four corpses of unusual creatures in there! I want you to hide the bodies. Our fates may depend on it!”

The samurai immediately head toward Kaguya’s now-former home. In the confusion, Mokou slips out and runs into the bamboo forest, in the general direction of Mount Fuji. She sheds her hot and motion-restricting armor, saying to herself, between panting, “I gotta… get to the mountain… before those two guys… Immortality… here I come…”

The Emperor’s men successfully hide the Lunarian corpses and head back to the imperial palace. Riding his carriage, he says, staring at the distant Mount Fuji, “This is all I can do for you Kaguya. Good luck, wherever you are right now…”

 

Meanwhile, Kaguya and Eirin dash through the bamboo forest, holding hands, guided only by the source of what they currently dread the most: the full moon. Eirin notices something and pauses, soon followed by Kaguya, “What’s wrong, Eirin?”

Eirin notices several things falling from the moon, which disperse in various directions. She observes the path of the objects and notice that they are landing around the outer edge of the forest, from all directions, “No!”

“Eirin?”

“I just noticed Lunarians descending from the moon and they landed as to surround this forest and close in on us!”

Kaguya tightly closes her eyes, “Oh no!”

Eirin thinks over various ways to escape their current predicament, “There is no way we can make it out of this forest before one of them notices… We can try to pick them off, one-by-one, but Lunarian search parties consist entirely of moon rabbits. If one sees us, it will contact the others…” Eirin can’t find any decent way out of their situation, “Damn… We’re completely trapped! I’m sorry, Kaguya-hime…”

“Fufufu~ Clearly, you haven’t thought of MY way…” In front of them, a portal opens up and a girl with golden hair and eyes, wearing a white dress and cap climbs out.

Both Kaguya and Eirin are surprised by what they just saw. “How did you do that? What are you?” asks Eirin.

“Your way out of your current bind,” answers the girl, “That is, if you’ll accept my help.”

Kaguya observes, “The color of your hair and the way you dress… You are not from around here, obviously.”

“I think that was obvious by the rip in time-space I created.”

“What are you going to do?” asks Eirin.

“Get the two of you out of here,” answers the girl, “I will take you to another realm, parallel to this one, where I’m sure a couple immortals like you will fit in better.”

“I’m not too positive in the use of such a means,” says Kaguya, “Lunarians have technology that can phase between both earthly and celestial realms with just the push of a button!”

The girl covers her mouth as she gasps in surprise, “Is that so? And here I was so proud of my power. You Lunarians are truly something else. Still my offer stands.”

Eirin advises Kaguya, “I think it will be an effective escape. The Lunarians won’t suspect that we left this realm, especially since it’s technologically inferior.”

“I see… So where are you taking us?”

The girl answers, “Gensokyo! A land of magic and wonder! A place of infinite possibilities and people. Just watch out for youkai that would want to eat you!”

Kaguya shrugs her shoulders, “Well it sounds better than this, anyway…” They hear the faint sound of several people approaching from all different directions as twigs snap beneath their shoes. “We accept! May I ask your name?”

The girl answers, “Yukari. Yukari Yakumo.” Yukari opens a portal, “Hop in. By the way, I have no intention of bringing you back here. Is this really okay?”

Kaguya pauses, then answers, “Yes. Get us out of here!”

“Very well…” Kaguya and Eirin jump into the portal, never to be seen in this world again. Yukari looks around and says, “Well, Gensokyo will certainly be more interesting now. Fufufu~” Yukari jumps into the portal and it vanishes.

 

Hours later, at the summit of Mount Fuji, and the edge of the pit leading down to boiling magma, Mokou, who had made it there first, intercepts the two samurai, “Why, hello there! What may you two strapping gentlemen be doing here this late at night?”

One of the samurai responds, “I’d ask the same to you, girl. We’re on an important mission to dispose of something.”

Mokou asks, “May it be an elixir that grants eternal life?”

The other samurai draws his katana, “How did you know that?”

Mokou casually answers, “Oh, I have my ways, and I must say that I’m quite interested in its effects, so if the emperor doesn’t want it, then I’ll take it, thank you very much.”

“It’s not meant for humans! We will not let you have it.”

“Don’t make me do this the hard way…” Flames erupt from Mokou’s entire body, surprising the samurai.

“Wh-what the hell are you?” Both samurai charge at Mokou.

“A soon-to-be-immortal flame-girl!” Mokou releases two streams of fire, which burn through the samurai, killing them instantly. She closes her eyes in slight regret, “Sorry. It didn’t have to come to this… but still, my mission continues…” Mokou’s flames subside, turning to smoke, which rises high into the air.

 

From his palace, the Emperor sees the smoke from Mokou’s flame rise from Mount Fuji, “So it is done…”

 

Mokou searches the two bodies and finds the elixir. She drinks it whole and feels different right away, “Amazing! This feeling is so amazing! So with this, I won’t die. Perhaps it’s for the best. I wouldn’t want to face father after realizing my conviction. Speaking of which… Kaguya, here I come!”

Mokou embarked on her search for Kaguya, but found no one. Eventually, she finds herself traveling all over the known world, how many years have passed, she lost count. The periods of time which felt like eternities now felt like minutes. The world around her evolved, but she herself had not changed in the least, eternally in the form of an 18-year-old girl. She is unable to fit in among others, due to her immortality and flame manipulation powers, representing two abnormalities upon the world

Eventually, after a very long and fruitless journey, Mokou find herself back in Japan, in the middle of a windy barley field with the sun setting in the distance. She slumps to her knees, feeling defeated, “Damn it… Where is she? Where is… she…?” Mokou suddenly forgets who she was after, but her memory shortly catches up, “Oh yeah, Kaguya. Why haven’t I found her yet… Shit, I don’t even know what she looks like, but… after all this time… how is it possible for her to hide from me like this?”

Suddenly, like what happened to Kaguya and Eirin on that fateful night, a portal opens in front of Mokou and Yukari emerges from it, “Hello there. It looks like you’ve seen better days…”

Mokou, too absorbed in her own thoughts to truly appreciate the unusual occurrence right in front of her, responds, “Yeah… you’re absolutely right. Before she intervened, I was so happy… Why did this happen? Does God hate me that much?”

“I don’t know. I’d say He loves you more than you think since I’m here now. I’ve watched you for awhile and I think you are interesting. You are after someone named Kaguya Houraisan, right?”

Yukari’s words catch Mokou’s undivided attention, “What? You know her? Where is she?”

“Happily living beyond this world,” answers Yukari.

“What does that mean?”

“This world has various realms parallel to this one. This is just one of hundreds of possibilities. I personally took Kaguya to another.”

Mokou jumps to her feet, feeling she regained her purpose, “Please! Take me there too!”

“That was the plan,” says Yukari, “The simple fact that you are an immortal that controls fire is reason enough. You don’t belong in this world. Still, are you sure you want to leave here? I don’t plan to take you back.”

“Yes, I want to leave! Take me from this world! I’m tired of being here!”

“Okay, says Yukari, "I’m sure you’ll like where you are going. You are bound to fit in much better. Heck, I’m sort of… against humans right now, but I have no problem with you. You remind me more of a youkai, like myself.”

“I don’t care what you are or where we are going,” says Mokou, “As long as Kaguya lives there, I’m satisfied!”

Yukari points to the portal she emerged from, “Hop on in, then. Your new home awaits!”

“Here I come, Kaguya! You will no longer escape!” Mokou jumps into the portal, followed by Yukari. They emerge on the outskirts of a bamboo forest.

“It’s in here that your… adversary lives…” says Yukari, “She made her home in a huge castle there. Have your fun, for this is where we part ways.”

“Thank you,” says Mokou gratefully. With that, she runs into the forest.

Yukari watches her, A rare human, but interesting. Still, not as interesting as… Yukari sighs, It won’t be too much longer now. Just wait a little longer for me, Yuko…

 

After a long trek, Mokou finally arrives at a colossal castle in the middle of the forest, “So this is it? This is where Kaguya resides. Finally…”

Mokou enters the castle. She is welcomed by floppy eared rabbit-girls, who try to stop her, but to no avail. She finally reaches the castle’s inner sanctum, where she sees Kaguya and Eirin, “Are you the one named Kaguya Houraisan?”

“I am,” answers Kaguya.

Without another word, Mokou extends her arm and sends a wave of fire at Kaguya, “AHHHHHHHHHHHH!”

“Kaguya-hime!” yells Eirin.

Kaguya, enduring her pain, demands, “What… are you doing? Why did you…?”

“That was for my father, one of your suitors…”

“’Suitors?’” asks Kaguya, “That means you are from…”

“That’s right! He had true feelings for you… and now he’s dead because of it! I will have my revenge, no matter how many times it takes!”

Eirin volunteers, “Kaguya-hime, allow me to take care of our guest.”

“It’s fine…” mutters Kaguya, rising to her feet, “I can deal with her myself…” A transparent blade forms around her hand, “Come and try me!”

“Oh, I am going to enjoy this…” Mokou’s entire body ignites. The two rivals charge at each other, however, the attacks end in a draw. Mokou sent a blast of fire tearing through Kaguya’s lower chest and Mokou gets impaled in the same area by Kaguya’s blade. Both dying, the two girls slump to their knees, their blood spreading across the wooden floor. Even though it’s her first time feeling that type of pain, Mokou laughs, “Heh… That… felt good… I've wanted to do that… for such a long time…”

“This means nothing…” says Kaguya, “I’ll only… come back to life…”

“Likewise…”

“What?”

“You know that elixir you gave the Emperor? Well, he didn’t want it, so I took it. I’m just like you… Immortal…”

“I see… So tell me… Now that you’ve gotten this out of your system, what are… you going to do now…?”

“This is just the beginning. I’ll do this plenty more times. The never-ending battle of I, Fujiwara no Mokou, begins now…” Mokou, using her last ounce of energy leans over, bringing her face close to Kaguya’s, “… and consider this… my eternal promise…” With that, she lightly presses her lips against Kaguya’s.

“!” Kaguya, in complete surprise, uses her remaining stamina to push Mokou away from her.

Mokou laughs weakly, “Heh… heh… Word of your beauty got around fast… but looking at you like this… you’re not that hot…”

Kaguya pouts and says, “Well, I’m sure you’ll at least make things interesting around here…”

“Count on it…”

With that the two girls die, but at the same time, their lives are infinitely far from over.

An eternal rivalry begins… 
Sakuya closes in on the outside of the bamboo forest, “Tch. If I knew this would have happened, I would have created a Chrono Sign spell card beforehand and saved time! Oh well, There is still enough time… I think…”

 

Elsewhere, Youmu approaches the same forest, “Not too much farther… Yuyuko-sama… everyone…”

 

Reimu and Marisa fly into the forest. Even though it looks dense from a distance, it’s surprisingly spacious. The trees are a reasonable distance from each other and there is a lot of maneuverability. The trees extend upward very high, making Reimu and Marisa feel small by comparison.

“Damn…” says Marisa in amazement, “And I thought the Forest of Magic was an incredible forest… This is totally something else!”

“Yeah…” agrees Reimu, “I’m surprised not more people have talked about it…”

Getting back to business, Marisa says, “Still, this is a BIG forest! It will take us a little time to get to that castle. We should be ready for anything…”

Reimu says, “Yeah. The only places that come close to matching the size of that castle are Scarlet Devil Mansion and the palace in Hakugyokurou. Recalling the former, that had a lot of servants, so we’d best assume the same for this o_ AAHHHHHHH!” Suddenly a red beam comes from the side, zooming in front of Marisa, but slamming into Reimu, sending her flying deeper into the forest.

“REIMU!” calls out Marisa.

“We found intruders!” Several girls with floppy rabbit-like ears fly into plain sight around Marisa.

Marisa looks around, “What the hell are these things? Oh well, Reimu’s probably fine. I’ll find her after I deal with you!”

One of the rabbit-girls says, “You are intruding upon the forest under the sworn ownership of Princess Kaguya. Under the orders of Tewi Inaba, we hereby request your immediate withdrawal from this forest, lest we force you out.”

Marisa says sarcastically, “Hm, that’s a tough one… How about this: I’ll settle for the second option, but I’LL be the one doing the forcing IN. How does THAT sound to you?”

Another one of the rabbits growls, “You’ll pay for your foolishness. Get ready, human!” The rabbits charge at Marisa.

Marisa calmly says, “You really think I’d act impudent and be helpless? You will pay for YOUR foolishness, hare-girls.” Marisa extends her arm and fires a volley of magical bolts, which catches three of the rabbit-girls off-guard. The other rabbits back away, focus their energies, and fire lasers of red energy, like the one that hit Reimu, at Marisa, who swiftly and continuously, dodges to the side. She draws a spell card, “This will take care of you guys. Magic Sign!” Colorful energy flows into Marisa.

One of the rabbits alerts the others, “A spell card! This is no ordinary intruder! Watch out!”

Marisa, slightly disappointed, says, “C’mon. If someone can resist that moon, surely they’d have enough power to use a spell card. Well, time to wrap this up! Stardust Reverie!” Magical star-shaped projectiles materialize and shoot out around Marisa. The rabbits are unable to dodge or escape the attack and are all knocked out cold. “What a weird bunch. Now then, what happened to Reimu?” Marisa flies in the direction that Reimu was sent flying.

 

At the same time as Marisa’s battle with the rabbit-girls, Reimu, out of sight from her partner, hits the ground, but quickly recovers, “Ugh. Dammit! That caught me by surprise. What was that?”

“Hey there! I haven’t seen you around!” A figure shrouded by the night’s darkness approaches Reimu.

Reimu raises her gohei, “Who are you?”

“Just someone. I take you came to do something about the moon, am I right?”

“Yes…”

“I see. In that case…” The figures eyes light up to an eerie red glow, which catches Reimu’s attention.

“Ughhh…” Suddenly, upon looking into the glowing eyes, an uncomfortable pulse throbs through Reimu’s head. The glow stops, leaving a headache behind.

“Yup. That should do it…”

“Reimu!” Marisa’s voice rings from a distance and comes closer.

The figure says, “Well then. Have your fun. Hmhmhm…” With a chuckle, she flies away, disappearing into the distance.

Marisa finds Reimu on the ground, clutching her forehead, “Owww…”

“Ah! There you are Reimu… Did you hit your head or something?”

“No…” answers Reimu, “I was confronted by… someone… I couldn’t see her very well. Her eyes glowed and all the sudden, I got a headache.”

“That’s it?”

“Yeah… I dunno what just happened there…”

“But other than that, you feel fine?”

“Yes…”

“Alright. Then let’s carry on. Don’t exert yourself too much.”

“Yeah. Thanks.”

Reimu and Marisa fly ahead. Within minutes, Reimu’s headache instantly clears mysteriously, “Hm?”

“What’s up?” asks Marisa.

“I’m fine,” answers Reimu, “That headache I suddenly got. It just disappeared like…” Reimu snaps her fingers “… That!”

“Strange… But at least you’re alright. Still, whoever it was that confronted you and gave you that headache… Just what was she up to?”

“I don’t know. Afterward, she said, ‘That should do’ and ‘Have your fun,’ so it seems she did what she wanted… Damn! None of this makes sense…”

“Well you look okay to me, Reimu, you said you feel fine. I can’t think of anything that could go wrong, so let’s keep pressing on.”

They fly deeper and deeper into the forest.

 

Elsewhere, it is apparent that Reimu and Marisa were not the only ones that encountered rabbit-girls.

Sakuya zooms through the forest with five rabbits pursuing her. She thinks to herself, Well, this may be a good sign. At least I know someone doesn’t want me here… She flies over to a tree, kicks off its trunk and flies straight to the unsuspecting rabbits. She brandishes a knife and incapacitates all five of them with slashes. She kicks off another tree and continues along her original direction, “Well, that was easy. However, if there happens to be many more, that could cost some time…”

 

An hour passes as everyone, in their respective locations, fly through the forest.

Marisa complains, “Dammit! Just how much time has passed? We only have until 5 to get rid of that moon!”

“We must be getting close,” says Reimu, “We saw that castle from the distance and it was far away, but after all this, we must not be far now!”

“By the way,” says Marisa, “Yukari said that Sakuya and Youmu were headed here too, right? Do you think we’ll run into them?”

“Maybe. Our destination should be the same…”

“Well, they will be a big he_”

“HOLD IT RIGHT THERE!”

Interrupted and surprised, Marisa looks around, “Wh-what the heck?”

In the middle of a large clearing, Reimu and Marisa are surrounded by countless rabbit-girls. Right ahead of them, standing with her arms crossed, is a black-haired rabbit, wearing a pink dress, “My name is Tewi Inaba! I am the leader of Kaguya-hime’s rabbit guards!”

“So you’re Tewi?” asks Marisa, “The bunnies I busted up back there did mention a name like that. Odd, I was picturing someone much more… impressive.”

Tewi’s eyes narrow, “Sh-shut up! I am one of Kaguya-hime’s most trusted vassals!”

Reimu asks, “Tell me, Tewi, what kind of youkai is ‘Kaguya-hime’ anyway? I’ve never heard of one what can create a false moon!”

Tewi grins, “Oh, Kaguya-hime is no youkai.”

Reimu is taken aback, “She’s HUMAN, then? That’s even more unbelievable, but I’ll take your word for it! Why are youkai like you helping her?”

Tewi answers, “Some of us youkai, like me, LOVE humans, and Kaguya provided a home for us youkai bunnies. That said, none of us really like to attack humans, but right now, it is important that we protect Kaguya-hime and her moon. Please, just leave now.”

Marisa says, “I don’t care why you are doing what you are doing, but the fact is you are making people ALL over Gensokyo go crazy. We won’t let that go on any longer.”

Tewi sighs, “I see. In that case…” She directs her hand toward Reimu and Marisa, “ATTACK!” She turns and walks away as the horde of rabbit youkai start attacking Reimu and Marisa.

Several of them fire beam of energy, which Reimu and Marisa dodge by ascending higher. Back to back, they throw needles and fire blasts of magic, picking off one rabbit after another. Reimu draws a spell card, “Treasure Sign: Ying-Yang Orb!” The card vanishes and several yin-yang orbs materialize around Reimu. She directs her hand toward a group of rabbits. The orbs glow blue, then rocket toward their target. The rabbits jump away as the orbs approach, but then they burst with energy, sending them flying.

 

“Huh? What was that?” Youmu notices the pulse of light that came from Reimu’s yin-yang orbs, then heads in that direction to investigate.

 

Elsewhere in the forest, Sakuya also notices the light, “Hm… I wonder…” She heads in the direction of the light.

 

Back at the battle with the rabbit youkai, Reimu and Marisa continue to have an uphill battle. No matter how many they manage to defeat, more always come to take their place.

“Dang…” mutters Marisa, getting tired, “Just how many of these things are there?” She fires a few burst of magic at a small group of rabbits.

Equally tired, Reimu states, “There is no end to them…” Two rabbits approach her. She knocks one away with her gohei, and then kicks the other.

They look around and still see a large number of rabbits, “Dammit!” cries Marisa, “At this rate, we’ll never make it in time!”

One of the rabbits laughs, “Hahaha! Nice try, but you can’t interfere with our princess’ plans!” A group of rabbit youkai approach Reimu and Marisa.

“Life Terminating Sword: Slash of Plutonic Muse!” Suddenly, a burst of air pressure blows the rabbits away. Youmu appears with the Roukanken in hand, “Marisa? Reimu? Why are you here?”

“Youmu!” exclaims the relieved Reimu.

“Glad to you made it!!” Marisa quickly explains, “We’re here for the same reason as you, as we heard from Yukari, to get rid of that make-people-crazy moon!”

“I figured as much,” says Youmu with a nod.

“At any rate,” says Reimu, “this isn’t a good time to talk. Let’s take care of this first.”

“Indeed.”

One of the rabbit youkai yells to Youmu, “Who the hell are you? Whatever. We still have you outnumbered!” Several rabbits fly toward Reimu, Marisa, and Youmu, who draws a spell card.

“Human Sign!” Silver energy flows into Youmu as she focuses, slowing time, “Slash of Present!” She dashes faster than the eye can see, cutting through the rabbit youkai, who fall to the ground, incapacitated. However, just as soon as Youmu completes her attack, she is knocked to the side by an energy blast from and unseen rabbit, “Agh!”

“Tch.” Reimu charges and knocks Youmu’s attacker out with her gohei, however, another rabbit launches an attack, which Reimu narrowly dodges, then counterattacks with needles.

Youmu recovers, “Thank you…”

Marisa dodges some shots of energy from one rabbit, then counterattacks with magic, “Gr. No offense, Youmu, but even with you here, we’re still in a bit of a jam!” Marisa knocks out the rabbit, but three more rush in to take its place, “Damn it!”

“Hyaaa!” Suddenly, the three rabbits fall, defeated and Sakuya steps into sight, “So it was you.”

“Sakuya!” yells Marisa.

Sakuya smiles contently, “So you three somehow resisted the effects as well and came here to do something about that moon as well?”

“Yeah,” answers Reimu.

Sakuya looks at the large gang of rabbit youkai, “Well, it looks like you need my help, so let’s take care of this, shall we?”

Reimu, Marisa, Sakuya, and Youmu fly over to one another. Sakuya whispers, making sure the youkai don’t hear, “Let’s each cover a portion of the surroundings. It should go pretty well if we take care of a small portion of the overall whole.”

“Sounds like a plan,” agrees Marisa. They each stand shoulder to shoulder, each looking at a fourth of the surrounding group of rabbits, drawing spell cards at the same time.

“Spirit Sign!” Reimu draws a handful of ofuda in her left hand, which get filled with energy from the spell card, “Fantasy Seal –spread-!” The ofuda fly out, each hitting a rabbit youkai, knocking them out.

“Loving Heart!” Marisa’s spell card turns into light-blue energy, which flows into her, “Double Spark!” She fires one slightly smaller Master Spark, taking out half of her targets, then another one, knocking out the other half.

“Strange Art!” Several magic circles appear around Sakuya, “Eternal Meek!” Small knives, charged with energy, shoot out of the circles, wounding all the rabbit youkai in her area.

“Celestial Star Sword!” The card turn into blue energy, which flows into Youmu’s ghost-half as she unsheathes the Hakurouken. The ghost-half merges with Youmu’s two swords, “Silent Nirvana!” She cuts an X-shaped pattern in front of her, opening a void, from which several blasts of energy pour out, knocking out the rabbit youkai.

Each having used a high-level spell, Reimu, Marisa, Sakuya, and Youmu slowly descend to the ground, exhausted, surrounded by unconscious rabbit youkai. “We did it…” says Marisa, “It was crazy and tough, but we did it…”

“Let’s keep going,” says Sakuya, “The false moon sets itself permanently at 5.”

“WHAT?” yells Youmu, “We’re under a time limit?”

“Yeah,” answers Reimu, “Didn’t you know?”

“No!” Youmu looks up at the moon, beyond the branches of the bamboo trees, “Can any of you determine what time it is by the moon’s position in the sky?”

“I can…” Marisa looks up, pauses, and then says, “No good. The moon is in the same place it has been when it first appeared. Not surprising as I heard an endless night will accompany that moon if we screw up.”

Youmu shrugs, “Well, we can only see the moon during the night anyway.”

“Whatever,” says Reimu, “Let’s press on.”

The four of them together fly through the forest to the castle, which is drawing ever closer, but at a decreased pace to regain the energy they lost from their spell cards. They exchange their stories of how they ended up heading to the bamboo forest to get rid of the fake moon. Sakuya explains her side of the story.

“So let me get this straight,” says Reimu, “My amulet makes me resistant to the moon’s effects, Marisa taught herself to resist forced alterations to her mental state, Youmu’s sword protects her, but YOU don’t know, Sakuya? You simply weren’t controlled?”

“It seems that way,” answers Sakuya.

“Amazing,” says Youmu, “Just what ARE you, Sakuya?”

“I…”

Marisa notes, “Wriggle and Mystia, as well as Rumia, who Sakuya mentioned, said they were exempt from that moon’s effects. Might you have been exempt too, Sakuya? Do you know who Kaguya is?”

Sakuya answers, “No. I’ve never heard that name before in my life.”

“I see. Weird…”

They fly a little further. Youmu asks Sakuya, “So you have a master, just like me, right?”

“Yes. Remilia-sama.”

“How long have you been serving her?”

Sakuya pauses for a moment to think, “I’m… really not sure. Have you been keeping count on how long you’ve been serving Yuyuko?”

Youmu rubs the back of her head, “Well… no… Heh…”

Sakuya gives her best estimate, “I’d say I’ve been serving Remilia-sama for… roughly 50 years…”

“Wait a minute!” yells Marisa, “Months ago, you told me you were in your 20’s, Sakuya!”

Sakuya nods, “And I am. I am 21 years old.”

“Then what’s with that ’50 years’ crap you just said?”

“I’m 21 years old and I’ve served Remilia-sama for 50 years.”

“That doesn’t make any sense,” says Reimu, “How can you be 21, but serve someone for 50 years? On top of that, you must have had some life before becoming Remilia Scarlet’s maid, right?”

“Of course,” answers Sakuya, “Before then I was a hunter for… … … … Damn. I can’t even estimate how long that was…”

Marisa clarifies all she had learned up to that point, “That means you might have lived for 100 years… or more! THAT’S how old you should be, not 21… … Wait a minute, why are you still so young-looking after all that time?”

“I don’t know,” answers Sakuya, “When I met Remilia-sama, she gave me a position, a name… an identity. I’ve been 21 years old ever since then. Last year, I was 21. This year, I am 21. Next year, and every year after that, I will be 21. It’s the age I got with the identity I was given. I don’t know why it’s like this for me. I could actually be a youkai for all I know…”

Reimu explains, “Sakuya, as a youkai hunter, I have the ability to sense youkai. Even youkai that look very much like humans, such as Yukari Yakumo and Alice Hemorrhoid_”

“Margatroid,” corrects Marisa.

“Whatever. At any rate, I can sense what they are and simply tell that they are youkai by a glance. But among the four of us, however, I only sense a half-youkai, and that’s Youmu. As for you, Sakuya, you are as human as Marisa and myself.”

Sakuya nods in acknowledgement, “I see… but it’s still so strange…”

“UGH!” Suddenly, the headache that Reimu had earlier comes back more intense than before. She descends to the forest floor and slumps to her knees, holding both sides of her head, “It’s… painful…”

“Reimu!” Marisa, Sakuya, and Youmu fly down after Reimu. “What’s happening? Are you okay, Reimu?”

“It’s that headache…” says Reimu, trying to endure her pain, “I thought it went away, but it’s back now!”

“This doesn’t look like any ordinary headache,” observes Sakuya, “Not everyone expresses this much pain…”

“I doubt it is,” says Marisa, “Reimu was encountered by… someone when I wasn’t around, and she got that headache. It went away soon after, but…”

Youmu asks, “Reimu, do you think you can still fly and fight?”

Reimu tries to get back to her feet, “I’ll tr_ARGH!” The headache flares up and she falls back to the ground.

“Dammit…” moans Marisa, “Her headache did go away before, so it should go away again. We’ll just wait a little bit.”

“We don’t have time to wait!” exclaims Youmu, “We are under a time limit!”

“We still have a few hours,” says Marisa, “and I don’t think we’re too terribly far away from the castle…”

“I’ll be the judge of that…” Sakuya ascends into the air, above the trees, where the air is thinner. She sees the castle poking up out of the sea of trees, only over a mile away. She descends back down to the others, “Well, we aren’t THAT far away. I’d say we have time.”

“Fine, I’ll wait,” says the impatient Youmu, “She’d better get well soon. I don’t like waiting on things like a headache…”

“Just give me… a few minutes,” says Reimu.

 

Meanwhile in the human village, hidden from history by Keine’s power, Mokou descends into the village and in front of Keine, who is standing in preparation for the possibility of the appearance of another youkai, “Hey there, Keine. As I expected, you hid this village to protect it from the outside threat. If I wasn’t aware of you and your powers, I never would have found my way back here…”

Keine’s eyes widen with joy, “You made it, Mokou-sama! I was worried that the moon… you know…”

Mokou’s eyes narrow, “I appreciate your concern, Keine, but it’s more than apparent that the moon is Kaguya’s handiwork, and I’m appalled that you’d think that I’d succumb to one of HER tricks. It took me a little while to build up a resistance, but it doesn’t even faze me anymore.”

Keine smiles, “I’m sorry, Mokou-sama, but do you have any idea why Kaguya is doing this?”

Mokou looks up at Keine’s false sky, “I have no idea. She had prevented the moon from becoming full and its light appears to cause people to essentially WORSHIP her. It pisses me off to see them treating her like a goddess… Still, that mind-altering effect looks more like what Reisen is capable of, but that’s beside the point. Kaguya always hides in her castle with her sidekicks, away from everyone and everything. It’s odd that she is getting everyone to know who she is. It makes zero sense!”

Keine puts her hand on her chin, “You’re right. That doesn’t add up at all…”

Mokou slams her fist into her open palm, “Regardless of why, she’s REALLY gone too far this time! It’s no longer personal!”

Keine looks at the ground, “So you are going to fight Kaguya again?”

“Hell yeah, I am,” answers Mokou, “Look, Keine, I know you deeply care for humans and you hate the fact that they fight amongst themselves, such as the multiple battles Kaguya and I fought, but this time, many humans across Gensokyo have been robbed of their free will. Is that what you want?”

“Well… no, but…”

“Kaguya is behind this and defeating her will put an end to it. Besides, Kaguya and I are the last humans you should worry about! We revive from death, after all.”

“That may fix the problem, but Mokou-sama, the two of you always kill each other, but it never means anything. Why do you keep doing this?”

“Keine, you know why she had put me through. Killing her, even if its temporary, is what makes me feel alive. It’s what I enjoy most. You really should stop worrying about everlasting beings like ourselves. Ever since becoming immortal, we’ve been more like youkai. Shouldn’t you hate us for what we are?”

“Regardless of your longevity, a human is still a human. That’s what I believe…”

“I see. Well, we were human to begin with anyway. Your understanding moves me, but the facts between Kaguya and myself will never change. I will kill her, like I always have, but this time, it isn’t just my pride that’s on the line.”

Keine reads through Mokou’s words, “That may be true, but in the end, this is still only for yourself, isn’t it?”

Mokou flinches, “Erk! Y-you know me well, Keine…”

Keine shrugs, “Well, I haven’t been able to stop you before, and the freedom of many humans hangs in the balance, so for once, as far as your battles with Kaguya are concerned, good luck, Mokou-sama!”

Mokou walks away a few steps, then looks back at Keine, “One last thing: Why are you always calling me ‘Mokou-sama?’ We have no master/servant relationship and I’m in no respectable position. Plus, if I remember correctly, YOU were the one that beat ME when we first met, when you mistook me for a youkai, not to mention you were the one that taught me how to use spell cards…”

Keine responds, “It was because you couldn’t use spell cards at the time that I won, but since then, you’ve completely surpassed me. Plus, you are immortal and you can manipulate fire. You are certainly interesting and rare among humans, so that’s why I call you Mokou-sama.”

“Whatever. Just curious. At any rate, I’ll be back later with good news. Keep this barrier up until then.”

Keine nods, “Of course.”

Mokou flies up and out of Keine’s barrier.

 

Within a couple minutes, Reimu’s headache disappears once again, “I’m… okay now. Let’s continue…”

“Alright. Let’s go,” says Marisa, “Let’s finish this before she gets another headache.”

Reimu, Marisa, Sakuya, and Youmu take back to the air and fly through the forest, most of their energy renewed. Reimu says, “I can’t help it, Marisa. I can’t find the strength to do anything else while I am going through that headache. It’s horrible…”

“It’s fine,” forgives Marisa, “I’ll just find and smack whoever did that to you!”

Changing the subject, Youmu wonders, “I wonder who Kaguya is anyway. I’ve never heard of her, but all the sudden, everyone else has. Are any of you, who live in Gensokyo, SURE you’ve never heard of her?”

Marisa asks in return, “If we knew who she was, why would she want to force everyone to know her? In fact, why DOES she want that all the sudden?”

“…” Reimu, Sakuya, and Youmu remain silent to Marisa’s question.

Reimu mentions, “Before Youmu and Sakuya came, that rabbit… ‘Tewi,’ said that Kaguya is human… What human could change the moon? It’s unbelievable, even for a youkai…”

“Yeah,” says Marisa, nodding deeply, “makes me wonder what she is like…”

They fly further ahead. Finally, they find themselves approaching the outer wall of a large Japanese-style castle, emitting silver light. They descend and land in front of the gate.

“Finally!” exclaims Marisa, “We made it!”

“Now let’s finish this,” says Sakuya.

“It’s not going to be that simple…” Tewi jumps out from behind the wall and several rabbit youkai, albeit not as many as before, come out of hiding behind the surrounding trees. Tewi sighs, “Two more of you? Darn… You must be pretty tough if you beat all my friends back there…”

“Damn right,” declares Marisa, “You wanna make something of that?”

Tewi smiles, “I just might. ATTACK!” Responding to Tewi’s command, the rabbit youkai jump toward Reimu, Marisa, Sakuya, and Youmu. Reimu knocks a small group of them away with the gohei, Marisa’s body releases a burst of magic light, knocking out another group, Youmu swings the Roukanken hard, releasing a wave of energy, tearing through a few of the rabbits. Sakuya, focusing on Tewi, tosses a couple knives, which she dodges. She then draws a spell card, “Rabbit Sign!” Pinkish-red energy flows around her, “Great Fortune Crest!” Four red orbs of energy materialize around Tewi, which she launches at Sakuya, who charges through the middle of an opening between the orbs and slams into Tewi, then throws her down to the ground, “AH! Owww…”

Within minutes, Reimu, Marisa, and Youmu defeat the other rabbit youkai and advance toward Tewi. Youmu says, “That’s it for you and your friends. Now take us to Kaguya!”

Tewi slowly backs away nervously as the injured rabbit youkai watch in fear.

A mysterious voice comes from behind the castle’s gate, “Wow! Quite a situation we’ve got, huh?” Not only did four humans resist the effects, but they all found their way here and did a number on our army of rabbits. Luckily, I prepared for such an occasion…”

Reimu recognizes the mysterious voice, “That voice… it’s…”

The gate opens and a violet-haired rabbit youkai with ears much straighter than the others and red eyes, wearing a black business suit over a white shirt and red tie, and a purple skirt, steps out.

Tewi says happily, “Have you come to help me, Reisen-sama?”

Reimu recognizes Reisen’s eyes, “It’s you! You’re the one that caused my headache back there! Why did you do that?”

“So YOU’RE the one?” asks Marisa, “I’m going to bitch-slap you so hard!”

Reisen introduces herself, “My name is Reisen Udongein Inaba. Welcome to the castle of Eientei, the abode of Princess Kaguya Houraisan. I can understand that you are upset about that moon above, but it is important that it stays up there. Created and sustained by my two mistresses and emitting my power…”

Sakuya asks, “Are you saying that the control it took over everyone in Gensokyo is a result of your power?”

“That’s right,” answers Reisen, “and it is going to for as long as I am conscious.”

Marisa clenches her fist, “Then the solution to THAT particular problem is obvious…”

Reisen extends her hand and speaks loudly, “I’ve got this situation under control! Everyone withdraw!” The defeated rabbit youkai respond to Reisen and retreat into the forest, leaving only Reisen and Tewi.

“Do you really think the two of you can beat the four of us?” asks Youmu.

“’Four?’” says Reisen with grin. She looks at Reimu, “I’m sure by now my influence has rooted itself deep in your subconscious. Now then…” Reisen’s eyes glow red.

“Huh? Wh-what?” Reimu’s headache returns and her expression goes blank. She walks over to Reisen’s side.

Reisen asks Reimu, “Who is your mistress?”

Reimu blankly answers, “It is you, Reisen-sama…”

Marisa yells, “Reimu! What’s gotten into you?”

Sakuya observes, “She said something about her influence going into Reimu’s subconscious. Maybe that was those headaches. That rabbit must have the ability to affect peoples’ minds!”

Youmu’s eyes widen, “She’s taking control of Reimu, perhaps?”

“Damn it!” yells Marisa.

Reisen continues, “Who are your enemies?”

Reimu answers, “Those that stand against us.”

“Very good,” says the satisfied Reisen, “Those three over there… They are enemies of ours. Your job is to eliminate them, okay?”

“Yes.”

“Excellent!” Reisen turn to Tewi, “C’mon, Tewi. We’ll leave this to her.” Reisen walks back into Eientei.

“Yeah…” Tewi follows Reisen, after taking a look back at Reimu.

Reimu draws a handful of needles, “You will not interfere. Turn back now.”

“Snap out of it!” yells Marisa, “You are not on their side!”

Sakuya sighs, “Somehow, I doubt she will listen…”

Ignoring Marisa, Reimu tosses her needles. Marisa and Sakuya dodge to the side and Youmu deflects the needles with the Roukanken.

“Reimu!” Marisa jumps toward Reimu and tackles her. Trying to pin Reimu to the ground, Marisa yells to Sakuya and Youmu, “Go after that rabbit, you two! I’ll take care of things here!”

“Yeah…” Sakuya and Youmu nod, then rush to Eientei’s front door.

“…” Reimu pulls an ofuda out of her pocket and crumples it inside her fist, causing it to glow with bright light. She delivers a punch with enough force to send Marisa flying off of her.

“AHHH!” Marisa hits the ground eight feet away from Reimu, but quickly recovers, “You are my best friend, Reimu… but also my greatest rival. No one, other than me, deserves this…” 
At the Hakurei Shrine, on the morning of the day before the fateful night, Reimu Hakurei wakes up in her futon, sweaty from the summer heat, muttering to herself, “Tonight is gonna be the night of THAT moon… Can hardly wait… Maybe I’ll sleep a little longer…” Intending to go back to sleep, Reimu rolls over, but hits something soft, “Shit… don’t tell me…” With a feeling of déjà vu from the couple times Marisa Kirisame had snuck into bed with her a few months ago, she takes a deep breath, then demands, “Why are you in bed with me THIS time, Marisa?”

“Hooya callin’ Mareesah, Raymoo?” A drunken slurred voice comes from the other occupant of the futon, but it’s not Marisa’s. The other girl in bed is a young-looking youkai girl with long orange hair, brown eyes, and, most distinguishingly, two long horns extending out of her head. She wears a kiddy-sized version of Reimu’s regular miko uniform.

Reimu sighs, “Oh, it’s you, Suika. I should’ve figured as much. So why are YOU in bed with me?”

The youkai girl, an oni, one of the last believed to exist in Gensokyo, named Suika Ibuki, answers, “Dunno. Feld like it…” No one would have guessed it, but about a month before, Suika, using her ability to affect people’s moods, caused people around Gensokyo to repeatedly have feasts in an attempt to attract other oni. However, she was defeated by Reimu, Marisa, and Alice Margatroid. Afterward, she was taken in by Reimu to become her first and only miko apprentice. However, all she mostly does is freeload off Reimu, but seeing as she’s the only person in Gensokyo to show even a remote interest in becoming a miko, Reimu has no choice but to train her and hope she takes her lessons seriously one day. Suika always carries a gourd around, which contains an endless amount of sake, which she frequently drinks out of, thus she is constantly under the effects of alcohol. She is usually tipsy, if not outright hammered. The only way Reimu has been able to see Suika sober is by hiding her gourd, but that’s usually not worth it as Suika is surprisingly good at finding things and the gourd extremely heavy, and Suika, possessing monstrous physical strength is the only one who can easily carry it around. Other than the ability to manipulate the moods of others, she can control her density, becoming very large at times, or becoming several smaller versions of herself, and even turning into mist. Other than that, she can create small black holes. She is among Gensokyo’s oldest and most powerful youkai, and thus, is friends with Yukari Yakumo.

“Just because you feel like it, Suika, doesn’t mean you can sneak into other people’s beds without permission…” Reimu notices that Suika is wearing her miko uniform, “… and why are you sleeping in that? Don’t disrespect those clothes like that!”

“But yoo sleep in yer’s all de tyme…”

“Well, yeah, but…”

Suika, hung over, puts her hand against her forehead, “Ugh… I don’t feel soo good…” She picks up the gourd, lying alongside the futon, “Well, nutin' a liddle sahkay can’t ficks…” She chugs down several mouthfuls of sake. “Ugh…” She suddenly drops the gourd.

Reimu has a good idea of what’s about to happen next, “No Suika! Not on the…!”

“BLUUUURRRGGGHHHH!” Suika vomits on the futon’s covers.

“Aw shit!”

Suika apologizes, “I’m soree, Raymoo… I’ll wash de footun...”

“Don’t bother…” says Reimu, staring at the pile of vomit, “How about you just… I dunno… burn it…”

“Okay!” responds Suika cheerily.

“That wasn’t meant to be taken seriously…”

They wash the futon and Reimu gets dressed. Suika asks, “So… whut are wee gonna do tooday?”

“Nothing until this evening, which by the way, isn’t happening until 10:30 tonight. We are going to see the full moon.”

Suika recalls Reimu mentioning those plans the day before, “Oh yeh. Weeth Mareesah, Reenoskay, Cheerno, and Aliss, rite?”

“That’s right!”

“I lyke dat fol moon! Grait ta drink to!”

“Whatever you say, Suika…”

Later that day, Reimu and Suika, changed into a pink shirt and purple skirt, complete with chains, fly over to the summit of a nearby mountain, which provides a great view of the sky all around. Marisa Kirisame, Alice Margatroid, Cirno, and Rinnosuke Morichika are already there. Marisa yells, “You guys are late, but then again, the moon isn’t up yet…”

“Sorry,” says Reimu, “But hey, better late than never, right?”

Cirno complains, “Why does this have to be during the summer? It’s so damn hot! The full moon during the winter would be much better…”

“Deal with it,” says Alice, “complaining about it won’t change the facts…”

Rinnosuke, sitting against a tree, facing away from where the mood is supposed to rise, examining a mysterious gadget, says, “Well, the fairy has a point. It’s hard to focus on this stuff…”

Alice, whose previous infatuation with Rinnosuke had diminished over the months, asks Rinnosuke, “Why are you sitting there, looking at that thing anyway? The moon is supposed to rise over here!”

Marisa says, “Let Kourin do what he wants, Alice. The moon ain’t going anywhere.”

Alice, who had become more reserved around Marisa, on the other hand, responds, “That’s true…”

Cirno, recalling something from a week ago, asks Alice, “Hey, how’d I do on my test?” Alice had recently become Cirno’s teacher, but has not had a lot of luck in getting her to learn.

Alice pulls a piece of paper out of her pocket and hands it to Cirno, “See for yourself…”

Cirno looks at the paper, a multiple choice test sheet covering various subjects, and looks at her score of 9, in the middle of a large red circle, “Dammit!”

Marisa shrugs and says, “And once again, Cirno scores JUST above being legally retarded!”

“That’s not funny!” protests Cirno.

Reimu laughs, “You all seem to be getting along! Never a dull moment between you!”

Suika holds up her gourd, “I brawt us sum drinks! Who wawnts sum?”

Alice says, “You really should stop drinking that, Suika. Too much alcohol will potentially kill you someday.”

Reimu says reluctantly, “Alice, she’s been drinking out of that constantly for the thousands of years she’s been alive. I don’t think it’s affecting her health at all… Her mental well-being on the other hand…”

Marisa rolls her eyes, “How can someone constantly drink the same thing all the time like that? The thought of it makes me sick!”

“Shaddup, Mareesah! Aneewon else?”

“I’ll have some,” volunteers Cirno.

“No, you may not!” yells Alice.

“Awww…”

“…” Rinnosuke silently examines his gadget.

Suika gulps down a hefty amount of sake and says, “Well, eef yoo gyes don’t wawnt anee, den it’s ALL MYNE!”

Reimu shrugs, “It was ‘all yours’ to begin with…”

Reimu and Suika sit down with everyone else and the minutes fly by. The sun disappears behind the horizon.

“Cut the fucking suspense!” yells Marisa impatiently, “Show us the moon already!” Suddenly, like at Scarlet Devil Mansion and Hakugyokurou, the sky flashes and the incomplete red moon appears, “Wow! That was fast… Uhhh…”

Reimu notices something glowing inside her shirt, “Huh? My amulet? It’s supposed to protect me from supernatural forces, but…” She looks at the incomplete moon, “That’s not right… but…”

Alice says to Cirno, “Pop quiz, Cirno: Who is the single greatest most beautiful, omnipotent, and all-around important being in Gensokyo?”

Cirno confidently answers, “You really think I’m that stupid, don’t you? It can’t be anyone except the one and only Princess Kaguya Houraisan!”

“CORRECT! You get your first 100%!”

“Yay!”

“What the hell are you guys talking about?” asks Reimu, Wait! Could it have something to do with that moon, but what’s the significance of that?

Suika, in a clear voice, says to Reimu, “How could you possibly NOT know what they are talking about, Reimu? It’s KAGUYA they are talking about! She’s the best thing since the discovery of sake!”

Reimu stands up and takes a step back, “Suika? Are you feeling okay?”

“AARGGHHHHHH!” Slumped on her knees, Marisa clutches her head tightly.

Reimu runs over to the anguished Marisa, “Marisa? Marisa!”

Sweating heavily, but recovering, Marisa says, “I’m… okay… it didn’t work on me…”

“Huh?”

“Looks like it came in handy… That book I sto_ er… borrowed from Patchouli… There are some magical forces that can take control of a person’s mental state. It taught me how to resist such a force. Never thought I’d be in a case where I needed it though…”

“I see…” To confirm her relief, Reimu asks, “Do you know who ‘Kaguya Houraisan’ is?”

“Not a single clue, but it looks like those three suckers do… Wait… three… Kourin!”

“I’m perfectly fine,” says Rinnosuke, from behind the tree.

Reimu and Marisa walk over to him. “Thank goodness…” says Reimu, “Do you have an item or ability to resist whatever is going on too?”

Marisa observes Rinnosuke’s location to where Alice, Suika, and Cirno are singing Kaguya’s praises, “There was the red incomplete moon, and then everyone started acting weird at the same time. It almost happened to me too. The moon’s light must be causing it and Rinnosuke is in the shade.”

Rinnosuke looks around him, “I guess so. I guess I shouldn’t move from this spot…”

“That’s a good idea,” says Marisa.

Reimu says, “First that mist, then that winter, then those feasts, and now this… Well, let’s do it. A youkai may be it work here and we must straighten it out.”

“But where do we start?” asks Marisa.

“Well…” There is a long pause, “I have NO clue…”

Out of nowhere, a familiar voice asks, “Rinnosuke? Rinnosuke? Are you here? Oh… Don’t tell me you’ve been affected to?” The blindfolded Yukari pokes her head out of newly formed portal.

Rinnosuke says, “You know me well, Miss Yakumo. That I’m always here on this night. Kaguya sure is great, isn’t she?”

“Dammit!” moans Yukari in dismay.

“Just kidding,” laughs Rinnosuke, “I don’t even know who that is. I’m aware of what’s going on and I’m in the shade, unaffected.”

Yukari sighs in relief, “That’s not funny, Mr. Morichika. At any rate, so you know where the miko, Reimu Hakurei is by any chance? She’s not at her shrine and…”

“I’m right here,” says Reimu, “and no, I’m not under that weird moon’s effects. Do you have any clue of just what the hell is going on here? What is that moon?”

Yukari sighs with relief, “That saves me some trouble…”

“I’m here too, also unaffected,” says Marisa.

“Oh. You too? Great then. I was hoping this would happen. Yes, I have some information you may want to use.”

“Great!” says Reimu, “Let’s hear it, then!”

Yukari disappears into her portal, then emerges from another several feet up, “This should be a good height. Come up here!”

Marisa says, “Sit tight, Kourin. Everything will get better soon.”

“Not much else I can do,” says Rinnosuke.

Marisa grabs her broomstick from nearby. She and Reimu rise up to Yukari’s altitude. Yukari’s portal expands in circumference, “Hop in. There’s something you might want to see.”

“…” Reimu and Marisa enter Yukari’s portal. They emerge above a mountain overlooking a city in Japan at night. The skyscrapers are illuminated and the sound of traffic can be heard in the distance.

“What the hell IS this place?” asks Marisa.

Yukari, removing her blindfold, says, “Never mind that. Look at the moon.”

Reimu and Marisa look at the moon. It is completely full and emanating silver light. Reimu points out, “The moon is full here… and I don’t feel any energies coming from it like the one from before…”

“Let’s move on…” Yukari opens another portal. In the next place, there is a full moon. From there, they go to another place, same kind of moon. They go to a fourth place, hovering over a futuristic city. There, the moon is full as well, but it’s crystal-colored. Reimu gets a chilling feeling from it. Finally, Yukari puts her blindfold back on and they return to where they were in Gensokyo, same strange moon, “So tell me. What have you noticed?”

Marisa says, “Those places where we were. They all had full moons, but what was with those places?”

Yukari answers, “Those were alternate realms to Gensokyo. This planet has countless alternate worlds, but one thing is the same for all of them…”

“The moon is always the same?” guesses Reimu.

“Exactly! Time may flow differently, civilization may differ, but no matter what, they all look at the same moon. So what does that tell you about the moon we are under right now?”

Marisa guesses, “It’s fake and something was done with the real moon?”

“That sounds like the best answer,” says Yukari, “and there is only one person I can think of who could possibly do something like that…”

“Who?”

“The very person everyone is talking about: Kaguya.”

“What do you know about ‘Kaguya?’” asks Reimu.

“That’s not important. However, I do know where she resides.”

Reimu’s eyes widen, “Do tell!”

“In the southern area of Gensokyo, there is a large bamboo forest. In the middle of that, there is a castle, a very big one. You can’t miss it. THAT’S where Kaguya resides.”

Marisa looks southward, “Then that’s where we gotta go.”

“Yup. I’ve been to other places earlier and Sakuya Izayoi and Youmu Konpaku are headed there as well.”

Reimu smiles, “They’ll be a big help.”

Yukari withdraws into her portal, “Well, have fun out there. Good luck getting the moon back. There’s not much I can do like this after all…” With that, Yukari disappears into her portal.

“Well, let’s not waste any time,” says Reimu, “Let’s get our moon and everyone’s collective senses back.”

“Yeah!”

Reimu and Marisa fly southward. Within a half hour, they see the forest in the distance. Marisa says, “I can’t believe we’ve never been here before. Anyone would have noticed a castle that big…”

“But it’s not like anything has happened around there,” points out Reimu, “Out of society, out of acknowledgement.”

“I guess s_” Suddenly, there is a buzzing sound coming from above, followed by two objects flying at high speed toward Reimu and Marisa. She dodges to the side. “Huh? Who just did that?”

Wriggle and Mystia descend from the sky. Reimu asks, “Who are you, youkai?”

Wriggle says, “It looks to us that you are headed to the bamboo forest. So what are you going to do there?”

Marisa answers, “To get rid of that moon that’s been making people weird, speaking of which, why aren’t the two of you acting the same way?”

Mystia answers, “Kaguya has allowed us to specifically be unaffected by that moon so we can consciously take care of would-be invaders, such as yourselves. By 5:00 tomorrow morning, that moon will permanently take its place in an unending night. Once we get that accomplished, we will have a new home in that castle!”

Reimu says, “So you two are in league with the one behind this? Get out of our way, or we will force our way through!”

“Try it!” challenges Wriggle, “You humans are not depriving us of our chance for a new home!” Wriggle extends her arm toward Reimu and Marisa. A small swarm of glowing insects materializes and flies toward them.

Marisa fires a laser, destroying most of the bugs, but one gets by and grazes her shoulder. It feels like she was just cut with a blade, “Tch. Not bad…”

“That was just a warm-up…” says Wriggle, drawing a spell card, “HERE’S the real deal! Firefly Sign!” The spell card glows at Wriggle tosses it toward the sky, “Heh. Comet on Earth!” The card bursts and several large glowing bugs appear, which haphazardly rocket toward the ground. Wriggle turns to Mystia, “Mystia!”

“Right away.” Mystia spreads her arms and starts vocalizing a mysterious tune.

A tingling sensation fills Reimu and Marisa’s heads, “Wh-what is this?”

Reimu looks up, “Huh?” The falling bugs start to multiply into a more impressive number.

Marisa draws a spell card, “Too easy! Magic Space!” The card turns into multi-colored energy, which flows into Marisa, who points her finger toward the rain of falling insects, “Asteroid Belt!” A magic circle materializes in front of her finger and countless large star-shaped projectiles emerge and spiral upward, intercepting and destroying the bugs, but some simply pass through some of the bugs, which fall, but harmlessly pass through Reimu and Marisa.

“What was that?” asks Reimu.

Marisa theorizes, “That song… My head felt funny, then we both started seeing those bugs multiply, right? Could that song be creating illusions?”

“That’s right!” says Wriggle, “Mystia’s songs will confuse you and make you see things that don’t exist. Still, there is no way you can figure out the difference. All you can do is defend against my every move. That first card was nothing. Now then…” Wriggle draws another spell card as Mystia’s song continues, “Butterfly Sign!” The card transforms into a magic circle in front of Wriggle, “Heh. Butterfly Storm!” Several butterflies fly out of the circle, which further multiply as a result of Mystia’s song.

Recalling a number of Yuyuko’s attacks from a few months ago, which also used butterflies, Reimu and Marisa back away with Wriggle’s swarm pursuing them.

“No good,” says Marisa, “It will take me some time to use that same spell card again and I have little else that will be effective… I gotta know exactly what I’m trying to hit, which is no good with illusions throwing me off!”

Reimu draws a spell card, “I’ll give it a try! Spirit Sign!” The card split into several fragments, which turn to balls of multi-colored energy, “Spirit Orb!” The orbs fly into the swarm. Some tear through the butterflies, but others pass through.

Wriggle laughs, “To me, this is so funny! I don’t see illusions, so it looks like you’re shooting at empty air!”

Marisa growls, “Fuck this! I’ll deal with part of our problem at its source…” Marisa draws another spell card, “Love Sign!” Golden energy flows into her as she directs her hand toward Mystia, “Master Spark!” Marisa fires her massive laser, which quickly closes in on Mystia, who stops singing out of surprise. The illusory butterflies vanish and Reimu directs her remaining orbs to take out the real insects.

“Ah! Mystia!” Wriggle dashes in the path of the Master Spark and raises her arms in defense as it slams into her, “AARRRGGHHHHH!”

Mystia calls out, “Wriggle!”

Marisa’s attack ends. Severely weakened, Wriggle says, “I’ve about had it. It’s up to you now, Mystia… A home in Eientei… Remember that…”

“Yeah…”

Wriggle backs away to recover.

Mystia spreads her arms and long claws extend from her fingers, “It’s my turn now! This time, I will not take you lightly…” She draws a spell card, “Night-Blindness!” The card turns black, “Song of the Night Sparrow!” Everything around Reimu and Marisa turns darker and darker until they are the only ones hovering in a black void.

Reimu looks around, “Wh-what the hell? What did she do?”

Mystia taunts, “Hard to see, isn’t it? This is my best technique. That which is unseen is unpredictable…”

Suddenly, after a brief pause, claws tear through Reimu’s back and Marisa’s left arm, “Augh!”

“See?”

“Tch.” Reimu randomly tosses needles in various directions, hoping to hit Mystia, but has no luck.

Mystia crows, the direction of her voice constantly on the move “You fool! That won’t work!”

Reimu grits her teeth, “Dammit! She’s not holding still, so I can’t find her location!”

Wriggle yells to Mystia, “Stop playing with them! Finish them off now!”

“Good idea,” says Mystia, “No point in wasting time…”

Marisa chuckles, “Hmhmhm…”

“Huh? What’s so funny?”

“You idiot! Against MY spell, I don’t even NEED to see you!” Marisa draws a spell card, “Check it out! Love Sign!” A golden aura surrounds Marisa and Reimu, “Non-Directional Laser!” Several lasers shoot out from outside the aura and move around.

“AAARRGGGHHHHH!” Mystia screams as the darkness clears. One of Marisa’s lasers had run across her lower chest, creating a large burn, “Ugh… Damn it…”

Wiggle cries, “Mystia!”

Mystia stutters, “I… I won’t…”

“I think you’ve had enough,” says Marisa.

“No I haven’t…” replies Mystia, “We will keep going…”

“Fine then,” says Marisa casually as she draws another spell card. She declares, “Love Si_”

Wriggle and Mystia scream, “Okay! Okay! You win! No more, please!”

“A good answer. Well then, time to move on. You’ve wasted enough of our time.” Marisa flies ahead.

Reimu says, “Good luck in finding a home! Just make sure it doesn’t mean crossing us, okay?” Reimu follows Marisa.

“DAMMIT!” screams Wriggle in dismay, “We underestimated them… We underestimated this WHOLE situation! How could we have been so careless?”

“It’s my fault,” says Mystia, “I didn’t think it was possible for anyone resistant to figure out the source of the situation within the six-hour time frame and look what happened!”

“Tch…”

“Still, maybe Rumia is having better luck. We may still have a chance… Otherwise the search continues… We still have each other, right?”

“I guess you have a point. This is just another setback in our journey. We’ll find a place to call home yet!”

 

Reimu and Marisa quickly approach the bamboo forest.

Reimu thinks to herself, We’re almost there! I don’t know what manner of youkai has control over the moon, but regardless, this won’t go on much longer!

Marisa says, “I’d say we have five hours or less to find the source and do something about it. It will be tight…” 
A silver-haired girl in red and blue clothes appears before her. However, she has no face. With her speech broken up, she says, “Your mission… destroy them… for our future… will come someday… destiny… vampires…”

…

One day, the girl woke up in a mysterious new land. She had shiny silver hair. She knew nothing of how she got there, but from that moment, an unpleasant thought invaded her mind: Vampires, the scourge of all the decency and light in existence. Cruel… ruthless… scheming… evil… All these and more summed up their code of ethics and for the good of everything, they must be destroyed!

She had the power to make it happen, and so her mission begun. Traveling the land, she sought and hunted one vampire after another. With each death, there is a sense of accomplishment, the knowledge that all of existence is one step closer to being rid of all vampires.

She knew not how many years had passed, but it did not matter. During her travels, she saw common people getting by with their lives, smiling and laughing. She wonders how she is different, and eventually, what would happen when her mission is complete?

More years pass with several successful missions under her belt. Only one more target remains: A house known as Scarlet Devil Mansion, under the ownership of the vampire, Remilia Scarlet.

She flies to the island where the mansion stands. As she walks toward the structure, rain starts to pour. With hair extending down to her knees and dressed in a poncho, worn down by various trials, she looks up at the mansion. After this, her mission is complete… but then what? What meaning would her life have then? With such a revelation looming over her, she enters the mansion and makes her way to the inner sanctum. Before her, in the darkness illuminated dimly by candles lined up along the sides of the room, is a young-looking girl, with crimson eyes and blues hair, bat-like wings on her back, dressed in a pink dress, sitting in a large chair, “Hello, there! So you’re that infamous hunter I’ve been hearing so much about! Thank you for eliminating all the competition for me. Believe me, it’s hard sharing the world with others like me. My name is Remilia Scarlet”

The girl says coldly, “With your demise, my mission is complete…”

Remilia raises an eyebrow, “Actually, I have a sister…”

“Sister…” the girl acknowledges the newfound information like a robot updating its database, “With her death, and yours, this land will be free from the curse you represent.”

“Aw, come on… We’re not that bad are we?”

“Enough, vampire! This ends now!” The girl quickly draws a knife and tosses it toward Remilia, who quickly jumps out of her chair and to the side, flying around the room at an impressive speed.

The girl, barely able to follow Remilia’s movement, thinks to herself, Damn! She’s fast…

Remilia, constantly on the move so the girl can’t get a good shot in says, “You know, I’m rather honored you decided to save me for last. So tell me… If you kill me and sis and end your hunting days, what will you do then? Don’t tell me you don’t have a life outside of hunting my kind down!”

The girl, affected by Remilia’s true words hesitates, “Sh-shut up! That is no business of yours!”

Remilia, taking advantage of the girl’s hesitation quickly flies toward her and swings her claws. The girl reacts at the last moment and dodges to the side, Remilia’s claws cutting through her hair, leaving two long silver bunches of hair extending down the sides of her head while the hair that was in back falls to the floor with a clump. Remilia's attack continues, her claws nicking the girl's left shoulder, right thigh, and right leg. The girl attempts a counterattack, which Remilia backs away from. “Good move! That look suits you better, I think!”

“…” The girl draws a handful of knives and tosses them at Remilia, whose quick movements still prevent her from being hit.

Remilia draws a spell card, an initial form of a method used to summon its user’s true power, “Scarlet Sign!” The card vanishes and red energy radiates from Remilia’s body.

“Tch…” The girl anticipates Remilia’s next move.

“Scarlet Shoot!” Remilia extends her right arm toward the girl and releases a volley of large red spheres. The girl narrowly dodges to the side and draws a spell card of her own in response.

“You’re making this quite interesting. You may be worth being my second-to-last target after all. Silver Sign!” The card turns to silver energy, which flows into the girl’s body. She leaps to the back of the room, “This will end you for sure! Perfect Hunter!” Countless knives materialize around the girl and fly toward Remilia, leaving no room for a human-sized person to dodge.

“Nice…” says Remilia, “But you still underestimate me…” Remilia transforms into a bat and squeezes through a space between the knives, then reverting to her original form, unharmed.

“Dammit!” curses the girl in dismay.

Remilia asks, “Will killing me make you happy?”

“…” The girl grits her teeth in frustration toward Remilia’s question.

“It won’t will it? Then why continue doing this?”

“I… don’t know any other way to live…”

“Fair enough. So how did all this start for you? What drove you to take on a responsibility that so many others would dread doing?”

The girl flinches, “I… don’t know… but even so…”

Remilia zooms in toward the girl in the blink of an eye and body slams her against the back wall. She coughs out blood, and then slumps to the ground. Remilia, taking a couple steps away from the girl, asks, “Do you want to continue?”

“I…” The girl grips her knife tightly, This is nothing! I’ve been in worse situation before. I can still win… The girl tries to climb back to her feet, but hesitates, What is this? Why can’t I…? The girl thinks about the things Remilia said and the truth in them, I see… If I continue, my life will lose its meaning… and then I’ll have nothing…

“Well?”

The girl looks at the ground in mental defeat, “Please… kill me…”

“What?”

“Take my life. I don’t care how you do it. You can tear me apart with your claws; suck my blood… anything at all.”

Remilia pauses and asks, “Just what is your problem? Don’t tell me the infamous Vampire Hunter has given up.”

“Yes… I have given up. You were absolutely right. Killing you and your sister won’t make me happy, and if I did, there would be nothing left for me…”

“I see… but taking your life would be a waste…”

“Hm?”

Remilia extends her hand toward the fallen hunter, “Stand up. What if I give you a new life? One with eternal meaning?”

“You can do that?”

“Hell, anyone can!”

“…” The girl accepts Remilia’s offer and is helped back to her feet, “You helped me and offered me assistance… That’s not something I’ve heard vampires are capable of.”

“Wherever you learned that, it’s nonsense. Well, in some cases, that is mostly true, but I’m different.”

Both perplexed and relieved, the girl says, “I… I see…”

Remilia paces around the room, “So tell me… what’s your name?”

The girl rubs her head, “I… don’t believe I have one. If anything, it would be Vampire Hunter, like you said…”

“I see… That won’t do at all… How old are you, then?”

“I don’t know…”

“Hm… Then, with a new life, I will give you a new identity.”

“You will?”

“Yes…” Remilia take a long and thorough look at the girl.

The girl stands in anticipation, with a feeling of trust, relief, and adoration toward the vampire girl that was her mortal enemy mere minutes ago.

After several seconds, Remilia concludes, “Judging by your appearance, I’d say you are… 21 years old.”

The girl shrugs, “That sound as reasonable as any.”

Remilia put her hand under her chin, “And now for a name…” She paces around the room in deep thought for several more seconds, then stops and looks at the girl, “Your name is… … … … … Sakuya… Izayoi.”

“Sa… ku… ya… I… za… yo… i?”

“That’s right! Your name from here on will be Sakuya!”

The girl, now christened Sakuya Izayoi, says, “Sakuya… I like that name… What about that new life you talked about?”

Remilia walks over to a nearby closet and pulls out a blue dress with an apron and maid’s head gear, “I think this sums it up fairly well. From now on, you will be a maid of this mansion, serving me, Remilia Scarlet.”

Sakuya stands, dumbfounded, “You want me, a vampire hunter, to serve you as a maid…?” After a few seconds of thought, Sakuya suddenly cracks a smile and does something she hadn’t done as a hunter, she laughs, “Hahahahaha! A hunter-turned-maid? I never would have thought that! Hehehe… Alright! You got yourself a maid!”

Remilia claps her hands together in approval, “Wonderful! Let me help you get changed! I’ll also help make your hair more presentable!”

Moments later, Sakuya looks into a mirror and sees herself in the blue maid outfit with her hair redone with two braids down the sides of her face. The image she’s seen herself as from that fateful night onward.

…

Sakuya wakes up and finds herself sitting in a chair in one of Scarlet Devil Mansion’s guest rooms. She shakes her head, “I must have dozed off again. I keep having that same dream…” Sakuya has often dreamt about her life before she became Remilia’s maid and protector. How they first met as bitter enemies and how Remilia changed her life when there was a future of emptiness. But there is one thing that bothers Sakuya, “Before waking up in Gensokyo… Before becoming a hunter… What happened…? My mind’s a complete blank. Just who was I?”

“Having a bad day?”

“AH!” Sakuya is both startled and embarrassed to find out someone had been overhearing her thinking out loud.

At the guest room entrance stands Hong Meiling, “So, why were you asking yourself who you were?”

Sakuya glares at the Meiling, “That’s none of your business! I just… didn’t know that you were there; otherwise I would have kept it all inside. Don’t tell anyone what I was doing, understand?”

Meiling shrugs, “Well, I feel kinda compelled to, but fine. I won’t tell anyone you were acting weird.”

Sakuya rises from her chair, “What are you doing inside anyway? You should be at the gate!”

Meiling answers, “Hey, even youkai have to ‘go’ sometimes! I go inside for that all the time! You can’t expect me to use one of the bushes lined up along the mansion’s outer wall, do you?”

Sakuya sees Meiling’s point, “Very well. Just attend to your business and head back out. Consider yourself lucky you had me to catch you and not Remilia-sama.”

“Catch me? I was the one who talked to YOU!”

“Whatever, just go!”

“No problem,” says Meiling, “besides, tonight of all nights is when I like being outside. We have a full moon tonight, when it’s at its absolute prettiest. Tonight alone, the sun sets at 10:30 and a full moon, the prettiest of all full moons in the year, rises, which will be in a few minutes, in fact. Shouldn’t you be with Remilia-sama at the clock tower to watch it?”

Sakuya, startled, asks, “I slept that long? I should be headed up there!”

“Yeah, you should. Enjoy your great view from the tower, knowing I have a shitty view from the gate…”

“You can fly for a better view, Meiling.”

“Yeah, but without relaxation, the magic is taken away.”

 

Elsewhere, from the edge of a cliff, three youkai girls watch the sunset. The spring that Reimu, Marisa, and Sakuya had fought to return to Gensokyo had matured into summer.

The first youkai, with short pink hair, brown clothes, including a cap, but most noticeably, the pair of wing on her back and pointed ears, says, “It’s almost here~”

The second youkai, with red eyes and short blonde hair, dressed in white and black clothes, with a small ribbon tied in her hair, exclaims, “This time, we’ll get a home for sure! I can’t wait!”

The third youkai, with short green hair, wearing a short-sleeved white shirt, blue baggy pants, and a red and black cape, most noticeably with two bug-like antennae extending from her head, sighs, “You said the same thing almost a year ago, Rumia, and what happened? You fucked up our chance to get a home in Scarlet Devil Mansion. Oh well, the odds are on our side this time and Eientei is the next best place.”

Rumia says, “Last time was bad luck, Wriggle. This time, I’ve got a good feeling!”

The first youkai says, “It’s unlikely those that resist the effects will discover the source before 5:00AM anyway. Most likely, we’ll have to do nothing!”

Wriggle says, “Right you are, Mystia. Eientei will be our home, as Tewi promised, and we’ll freeload for the rest of our youkai lives… and we won’t even have to break a sweat to earn it.”

“I said ‘most likely,’” reminds Mystia, “There is still an outside chance someone will figure it out. We should do as we are told.”

“Might as well,” says Wriggle, “sitting here would be boring anyway.”

“Pretty soon....” says Rumia impatiently, “I can’t wait!”

Mystia says, “Well, we might as well split up, then. Wriggle, how about you come with me. Rumia, you take off in another direction.”

“Alright,” responds Wriggle.

“Why do I have to go alone?” demands Rumia.

Mystia answers, “Because in the event we do encounter someone, Wriggle and I are best suited working together.”

“Oh yeah… Okay…” With that Mystia and Wriggle fly off in one direction and Rumia flies in another.

 

Sakuya hurries to the top of the mansion’s clock tower. At the top awaits Remilia and a number of the mansion’s fairy maids. The sun had already set beyond the horizon. “Ah, you made it, Sakuya!”

“Sorry I’m late, Remilia-sama…”

“Not a problem. Well, nighttime is always glorious for a vampire, but nighttime with a beautiful full moon is absolute perfection!” Remilia leans back, “I… just wish I had someone special to share times like this with…”

“Am I not someone special?”

“Not like that. I meant someone… like Reimu…”

“…”

“I should have asked sooner, but what do you know about Reimu? What does she like? When is her birthday?”

“I really don’t know…”

“Oh. I_” Suddenly there is a flash of red light, taking up the entire sky.

Remilia and the fairies freeze and look up at the sky blankly, as Sakuya observes the situation, confused, “Wh-what’s going on? Remilia-sama?” There is another flash. Sakuya suddenly notices red light shining on everything. She looks up and sees a reddish-pink moon, only at its waning gibbous stage, not full. “Huh? What’s going on? What happened to the moon?”

Remilia’s mouth starts to move, “Ka…”

“Huh? Remilia-sama?”

“Ka… gu… ya…”

“Kaguya? What’s that? What are you talking about, Remilia-sama?”

“Gensokyo’s mistress! Our absolute leader!”

“This doesn’t make any sense! I don’t recall you ever talking about someone named ‘Kaguya’ before!”

One of the fairy maids asks, “How could you not know who Kaguya is?”

Sakuya looks at the fairy in disbelief. It was possible for Remilia to have a guest Sakuya never met, but the fairies don’t know anyone outside of Scarlet Devil Mansion. She starts to think, Remilia-sama and the maids have suddenly changed, plus the moon is not full and giving off a strange light… strange light… could all this be connected? It has to… Sakuya turns toward the tower’s stairwell, “Excuse me…” She walks down the tower’s spiraling stairs, thinking out loud, “This can’t be natural. We were supposed to have a full moon tonight and no moon changes people like that, but what happened?”

“What’s wrong, Sakuya?”

“AH!” Sakuya flinches to a voice coming from several steps down, belonging to Patchouli Knowledge, “Damn it, Patchouli. You’re my second eavesdropper in less than an hour…”

“Um… My apologies…”

“Forget it. Anyways, what are you doing here?”

“I wanted to see tonight’s full moon.”

“Well, it’s certainly not full…”

“Impossible… Tonight is definitely the night…”

“More importantly, have you ever heard of anyone by the name, ‘Kaguya?’”

“No. Why?”

“Remilia-sama and the maids suddenly started saying that name when that moon appeared. It seemed to have an effect on them…”

Patchouli’s eyes widen, “What? Are you certain? But… to know all this, you must have seen it too, so why aren’t you affected as well?”

Sakuya is caught off-guard by Patchouli’s question, “Actually… I have no idea… I saw it too, but I’m unaffected…”

“I see… Could it be because you’re human?”

“Maybe. I don’t know. At any rate, I suggest you don’t go up there…”

Patchouli stops to think momentarily, “I saw something… interesting earlier. I didn’t think it was important, but now I wonder…”

“What?”

“Please come with me to the observatory.”

“Huh? Um… okay…”

Sakuya and Patchouli head down the tower and to the mansion’s lobby, en route to another wing of Scarlet Devil Mansion, where the observatory is. On their way through, they see Meiling headed to the door, “Ah… I am SO relieved now. It’s time to head outside and see the moon…”

“DON’T go outside!” yells Sakuya.

Meiling, having not noticed Sakuya and Patchouli, asks, “Why not? In fact, why aren’t you out there with Remilia-sama?”

“Listen, Meiling…” Patchouli explains what she had gathered on the situation with the strange moon to Meiling, based on what she had learned from Sakuya “… and that’s what matters. If you wish to test the validity of this data, be my guest and step outside, but do know you’re taking the risk of ending up like Remilia-sama and the mansion’s maid staff, save Sakuya.

Meiling slowly backs away from the door, “I see… so Sakuya is unaffected… that’s weird… I’d say something like this would be the work of youkai, so why does it only affect youkai?”

“We haven’t enough information,” says Patchouli, “All I know is that Sakuya was not affected…”

“…” Sakuya stands silent, not knowing what to make of the predicament.

“At any rate,” says Patchouli, “I saw something interesting earlier when looking through the observatory’s telescope. It didn’t make a whole lot of sense at first, but now I have a theory. Care to join us?”

Meiling shrugs, “Sure. What the heck? It beats losing my mind to some moon outside…”

The three girls rush through the mansion and quickly ascend the tower to the observatory. Outside, Remilia and the fairy maids can be heard, loudly singing Kaguya’s praises. Meiling observes, listening closely, “That’s… Remilia-sama’s voice! Well, you weren’t joking, she really isn’t being herself… and she’s saying the name ‘Kaguya’ a lot. This is… creepy…”

Patchouli, also hearing Remilia and the fairies from the outside, their noise seeping through the tower wall, says, “Well, Sakuya. I no longer have my doubts. We must find whatever is causing that moon… but what youkai has that kind of power?”

“Don’t know…” says Sakuya, “certainly not your run-in-the-mill youkai…”

They make it up to the observatory. Inside, there is a metal dome ceiling, complete with a large telescope extending to the outside. Patchouli approaches the telescope, “Now to see the possible source of the problem…”

“Ah!” A terrifying thought enters Sakuya’s mind and she quickly dashes in front of the telescope’s eyepiece, “Don’t do it Patchouli!”

“What is the meaning of this?” asks Patchouli.

Meiling says, “I think I just figured it out myself. Honestly, I can’t believe I beat you to reaching a conclusion, Patchouli, but seriously, you have to look outside to be affected, right?”

“Precisely,” says Sakuya, “and that’s exactly what you are doing! You’ll be affected too!”

“But I’m the only one who knows how to operate this telescope,” says Patchouli, “I’ll try to hold out as long as I can, at least until I can direct you to the place in question, hoping it’s the right area. Sakuya, you weren’t affected, making you our only hope. This is the least I can do to help.”

“Thank you,” sighs Sakuya, “Good luck…” She steps out of Patchouli’s way.

Patchouli walks to the eyepiece, hesitates for a split-second, then looks in, “Hm…”

“How are you doing, Patchouli?” asks Meiling nervously.

“As a mater of fact, I’m fine,” answers Patchouli.

“Might you be unaffected too?” asks Sakuya.

“I don’t think that’s it. I see the red light shining down on Gensokyo, but I don’t feel different, but remember, I’m not directly in the moonlight. I’m just taking an indirect look outside. That may be it…”

“I see. Just don’t overdo it.”

Patchouli adjusts the direction of the telescope. The entire dome-shaped room rotates as the direction shifts due south of Scarlet Devil Mansion. She lowers the telescope’s trajectory and steps away from the eyepiece, “There. Take a look, Sakuya.”

“…” Sakuya walks over to the telescope’s eyepiece and looks in. She sees a large bamboo forest with a tall Japanese-style castle in the middle, radiating silvery-white light, “Huh? This light…”

“It’s the kind of light tonight’s full moon would have shined down. I don’t know what happened, but that seems rather reasonable to assume that place has something to do with it. At first, I thought it didn’t concern us, but now things are starting to make sense.”

“Then that’s where I should go,” says Sakuya, “Thank you, Patchouli. I will head out right away!”

Sakuya, Patchouli, and Meiling leave the observatory.

As soon as the three of them are out of sight, a portal opens in the observatory and Yukari Yakumo steps out, “Looks like she got a lead without my direction. Still, to confirm my suspicions…” Yukari look into the telescope, “Just as I thought. Eientei! So SHE is behind this, not that anyone else is capable of that, still…” Suddenly, Yukari has a shocking revelation, “Wait… The Netherworld realm has a direct link to Gensokyo, which means… Oh no! Yuyuko!” Yukari frantically opens a portal and dives in.

 

Sakuya, Patchouli, and Meiling arrive in the lobby. Sakuya approaches the door, “I’m counting on the two of you to make sure everything stays well around here. Just don’t go outside and look at the moon.”

“You got it,” says Meiling, “Be careful. If whatever is causing all this has control over the moon, it’s gotta be dangerous.”

“I’ll keep that in mind. Thank you.” With that, Sakuya leaves the mansion and heads southward in the direction of the bamboo forest. She flies off the island where the mansion stands and over the surrounding lake.

Eventually, Sakuya is greeted by a high-pitched voice, “Hey! Sakuya!”

“Hm?” Sakuya hovers in place as a girl in white and black descends from the sky, “Oh! It’s you… Rumia…” Rumia is a youkai, who, several months before, was told by Remilia to stop any possible intruders planning to get rid of the mist she spread over Gensokyo, in exchange for a home in Scarlet Devil Mansion. However, Rumia ended up encountering Reimu and Marisa and was defeated, forced to continue living as a wandering youkai.

Rumia spreads her arms happily, “Yeah it’s me… so… why aren’t you affected by the moon?”

“Beats me,” answers Sakuya, “Honestly, I’d ask the same question to you…”

“Ah! Er…” Rumia stammers, then changes the subject, “So, like, where are you going?”

“To a castle south of here, emitting silver light. I plan to investigate it and hopefully get our actually moon back.”

“Ah!” Rumia flinches, then rolls her eyes, “I should have figured someone would have been unaffected and figured out the source. Look like my peaceful night is over…”

“What are you talking about?” asks Sakuya.

Rumia says, “You wanna know why I’M unaffected by the moon? Fine! Me, and my friends, were exempt from the effects to stop people like you who would resist the effects and try to stop the one behind the false moon up there! I was robbed of living in YOUR home, but that won’t happen again! I found a new place and I’ll stop you so I can live there!”

Sakuya draws a knife, “So YOU’RE in league with whoever is responsible? Well then, I should thank you, Rumia. Thanks to you, I KNOW I’m on the right track!”

Rumia falls back several feet, “No, this is where you will turn back or face me! Remember, Sakuya, this is the night! You are in MY element now!”

“You were under my mistress’ command before! You really think I’m afraid of you?”

“You will be!” Rumia draws a spell card, “Moon Sign!” The card turns to white energy, which flows into Rumia’s body, “Moonlight Ray!” She fires a white and blue laser at Sakuya, who quickly bolts to the side. “Not done yet! Take this!” Rumia fires several more lasers.

“Tch.” Sakuya flies quickly, dodging Rumia’s lasers, which eventually stop.

Rumia draws another spell card, “Try THIS, then! Night Sign!” Green energy swirls around Rumia. Sakuya counters by throwing several knives, but Rumia unleashes her spell, “Midnight Bird!” Countless orbs of green power fly at Sakuya, knocking her knives away as well, keeping her on the defensive.

Sakuya says, “Better than I expected Rumia, but you really should get a better idea of who you are messing with!” She draws a spell card, “Wound Sign: Inscribbled Soul!” Insanely, unconsciously, and supported by the power of her spell card, Sakuya wildly swings her knives around so fast, it’s like a shield of slashes has formed in front of her, cutting through Rumia’s orbs. Sakuya’s mental state returns to normal, Rumia’s attack thwarted.

Rumia screams, “AH! Damn it!”

“Know your place, Rumia. You won’t be in my way much longer.”

Rumia draws a third spell card, “No! I won’t give up! Me and my friends will have a home! Darkness Sign!” Black energy, blending in with the night sky, swirls around Rumia, “Dark Side of the Moon!” Suddenly, Rumia completely blends in with the night’s darkness.

Sakuya looks around, “Tch. I should have anticipated this from a darkness youkai…”

Rumia’s voice comes from all around Sakuya, “Behold the power of night!” A small laser shoots down from above Sakuya, which she narrowly dodges. Suddenly she is hit from behind by a ball of energy, catching her by surprise, but not causing a lot of harm.

Damn… thinks Sakuya, She’s toying with me…

“Take this, you dumb maid!” another laser shoots out from in front of Sakuya, which she dodges.

“Gotcha!” Sakuya tosses a knife in the direction the laser came from, but hits nothing.

“Got me? I don’t think so!” taunts Rumia, “I may have lost under these conditions once before, but I bet you don’t have any abilities that could emit intense light and flush me out, like that stupid miko! With this spell card, I AM the night! I am everywhere!”

Sakuya smirks slyly, “’Everywhere’, huh? Thank you for the information, Rumia.”

Rumia stammers, “Wh-what? What are you planning?”

Sakuya draws a spell card, “If you are ‘everywhere,’ of course I wouldn’t hit you, focused on one point, but if I hit multiple points around me at once, then…” she raises the card, “Strange Art!” A cloud of blue energy engulfs Sakuya, “Misdirection!” Several knives materialize in Sakuya’s hands and others appear around her. She throws and releases the knives like a large starburst.

“AHHH!” Rumia screams as blood drips from various points in the air. The wounds come together as Rumia reappears, making a large gash on her lower torso, “D-damn…”

Sakuya says, “If you’ve had enough, kindly allow me to carry on. I’ve wasted enough time here.”

“Whatever,” says Rumia, “You won’t make it in time anyway…”

“Huh?”

“At 5:00AM, that moon will permanently hang over Gensokyo and nothing can be done about it.”

“Ah! Dammit!” Without another word, Sakuya races ahead.

Rumia says to herself, “Wriggle… Mystia… It’s up to you now…”

 

Up ahead, Sakuya mutters to herself, “5AM… This will become permanent at 5AM… This is going to be tight. I mustn’t waste time…” She picks up her pace in the race against time.

 

In the inner sanctum of the castle in the bamboo forest, where Kaguya, Eirin, and Reisen await the appointed time, Eirin points out, “It is now midnight. Five hours remain…”

Kaguya, feeling slightly weary, says, “Good. Soon, I won’t have to worry about it anymore. I never thought I’d push my powers to such a limit…”

“You can let go,” advises Eirin, “The charm is completed. It will sustain the lunar image in your stead.”

Kaguya takes a deep breath, “Thank you, Eirin. I don’t know how long I would have lasted…”

“…” Reisen rises to her feet, “I’m going out.”

“What for?” asks Eirin.

“Tewi may believe in those three youkai looking for a home here, but I have my doubts. Besides, anyone resisting the effects would be quite extraordinary, don’t you think? In that case, I should add another layer of defense, adding on to the barricade being set up. You know what I can do…”

“Not a bad plan,” says Eirin, “Good luck out there!”

With that Reisen leaves. 
In Hakugyokurou, where the flow of time is identical to Gensokyo, at the same time as the events taking place in Scarlet Devil Mansion, Youmu, Yuyuko, and the Prismriver Sisters stroll through the gardens, surrounded by sakura, looking to the distant sunset.

Yuyuko says excitedly, “It’s that time of year again. The long day and the pretty moon!”

Youmu says, “Father and I used to watch the moon together every year.

“I see,” says Yuyuko, “Yukari always pays surprise visits. After what happened last spring, I’m sure it will be extra special this time.”

“Well…” says Lunasa, “I wonder what song we will play to celebrate…”

“Hey, how about…” Merlin and Lyrica both enthusiastically give Lunasa some song suggestions.

Youmu silently looks at Yuyuko, Yuyuko-sama… I’ve lost track on how long it has been since father had vanished, leaving me as your sworn protector. Father… Youmu thinks back to several years ago on the same day of the year when she and her father, Youki, were watching the beautiful full moon…

“Father… Why do we have to protect Yuyuko? What’s so special about her?”

“Well you see, Youmu, half-ghosts like us are never completely welcome among humans, nor youkai, nor are generally welcome among the living, nor the dead. However, Yuyuko allowed us a place in existence and we are indebted to her for that. Thanks to her, we have Hakugyokurou as a place to call home.”

Youmu thinks to herself, I understand. Thanks to her, we found a place to call home. I remember your lesson well and that full moon always reminds me of what you taught me and strengthens my convictions.

The sun disappears behind the horizon. Yuyuko claps her hands together in anticipation, “Yes! It’s almost here!” Several surrounding ghosts wandering the gardens also look toward the sky excitedly.

Suddenly, like at Scarlet Devil Mansion, the sky flashes red and the mysterious moon appears.

Youmu says, “What was THAT? There was a flash and… that moon’s not full! What’s going on?”

Yuyuko says, “Full moons are great, Youmu, but why are you making such a big deal about it? After all, we’ve got Kaguya and that’s all the greatness we’ll ever need!”

“’Kaguya?’ What are you talking about Yuyuko-sama? Who is Kaguya?”

“You don’t know?” asks Merlin.

“Where have you been?” asks Lyrica, “Kaguya is JUST the single greatest person to have ever existed!”

“What is this all the sudden?” asks Youmu, “First there’s a flash, then an incomplete moon, and now you are talking nonsense!”

“Don’t be that way,” says Merlin, “how about we sing a song to honor our great and powerful mistress tonight.”

“Great idea!” exclaims Lunasa, “Let’s do it!”

Excitedly, Yuyuko says, “This is going to be great!

The Prismriver Sisters start playing a song. Lunasa and Lyrica play their respective instruments while Merlin’s trumpet hovers and plays on its own while Merlin herself, having the most beautiful singing voice of the three, sings lyrics describing Kaguya’s greatness as Yuyuko listens attentively.

Only getting more and more confused, Youmu mutters softly, “What the hell is going on? This happened right after the flash and the incomplete moon. Do those have anything to do with it?”

A portal opens nearby. Yukari, wearing a pink blindfold over her eyes pokes her head out, “Yuyuko? Yuyuko? Are you here?”

“Youmu asks Yukari, “Yukari, do you know what’s going on? Something weird is up!”

Yuyuko noticing Yukari, says, “Ah! Yukari! Have you come to listen to this great song about Mistress Kaguya? Why the blindfold?”

Yukari says, dismayed, “So I am too late! Darn!”

Youmu asks again, “Do you know what’s going on, Yukari? Who’s this Kaguya everyone suddenly started talking about?”

Yukari asks, “Wait… Is that you, Youmu? Does this mean you’re unaffected by that moon?”

“That moon’s the cause of it? Then apparently so, I’d say.”

“But how?”

“I… don’t know…”

Yukari smiles behind her blindfold, “Well regardless, this is very good. Before coming here, I ascertained to the source of that moon.”

Youmu’s eyes widen, “Really? Where?”

“From Gensokyo. Not too far south of the area where the two realms connect, there is a bamboo forest and a large castle in the middle, radiating white light. THAT is the source.”

Youmu looks in the direction of the endless stairs, “I see. Gensokyo… In that case, I shall take your advice and head there.”

Yuyuko happily approaches Yukari, “You want Youmu to send her regards to Mistress Kaguya? Great ide_” Yuyuko suddenly rushes into the shade of one of the sakura trees, where the moon’s light doesn’t shine. She suddenly breaks out of her trance, “Wh-what happened?”

Youmu’s eyes widen, “Yuyuko-sama!”

Yukari, blinded to the recent turn of events, but fully aware of what she had heard, asks, “Huh? What happened?”

“She’s back to normal!” declares Youmu.

“Hm?”

“She ran into the shade of the tree and was no longer affected!”

“I see,” confirms Yukari, “That explains why nothing happened to me when Ran and Chen started acting weird. I was relaxing near a tree… Still I shouldn’t relax too much…”

Yuyuko hears the Prismriver Sister’s song about Kaguya, “What are they singing?”

“You see, Yuyuko-sama,” Youmu explains what little knowledge she had gained over the last few minutes.

“I see. In that case, Youmu, you should head to Gensokyo and do something about that moon.”

Youmu nods, “I will.”

Yukari informs, “By the way, Sakuya Izayoi is headed there too, so you won’t be alone…”

“Sakuya too? I see. In that case, I’ll be going now.”

“Good luck!” yells Yuyuko.

Yukari says, “I will investigate this matter further and get some more help. I only hope THEY haven’t been affected too…” With that, Yukari disappears into her portal.

Youmu runs across Hakugyokurou and dives down the Netherworld’s stairs, drawing a spell card, “I must save some time! Focused Motion: Yojana Journey!” With a burst of concentrated energy, Youmu jets down the stairs. She makes it to the bottom in a matter of minutes. Afterward, she leaves the Netherworld and ends up in the area above the Forest of Magic, from where she pauses briefly, “Alright. So in a forest south of here is the source of that weird moon. Who was that ‘Kaguya’ everyone was talking about? The mastermind perhaps? Whoever it is, she’ll pay for doing that to Yuyuko-sama and the Prismrivers… But to change the MOON? What kind of being has that power?” Youmu stops and pauses for a moment, and there is complete silence. Suddenly, she notices a very low humming sound coming from around her lower back, “Huh? What is that sound?” The Hakurouken’s sheathe hangs where the sound is coming from. She grabs the sheathed blade and pulls it out a little, noticing that the blade is emitting a green aura. The humming sound grows a little louder as well, “Huh? The Hakurouken? Why is it…?” Suddenly, Youmu recalls a lesson she had learned from Youki when she first received the Hakurouken:

“Youmu, this blade is known as the Hakurouken. There is more to mastering swordplay than just being more skilled than your opponent. Some have the power to confuse you, create images in your mind, or even take control of you. This sword cuts through whatever illusions could be played on your mind, protects you, and reveals the true nature of what’s around you.”

A younger and more immature Youmu complains, “But it’s shorter than the Roukanken! What a gyp!”

…

Youmu chuckles to herself, “I understand now, father. That moon takes control of my mind, but as long as I have the Hakurouken, I will be protected. Thank you for entrusting such a wonderful weapon to me. Under its protection, I will find the one responsible for taking control of Yuyuko-sama!” Youmu flies southward. In the distance, illuminated by the pink moonlight, she sees a large castle in the distance, faintly radiating white light, “So that’s it? There awaits my destination!”

She flies for several minutes, the castle not seeming to get any closer. Eventually, below her, she sees something out of the ordinary: A large red dome, appearing like half a bloody bubble. It is about the size of a small human town, “What the hell is THAT? I’ve never seen it before!” Youmu takes a deep breath, “Well, Gensokyo is still a mysterious place for me, but last time, when I flew over this location, looking for spring essence, there was a village there, so what’s that? I wonder if it’s related to the moon…” Operating on that hunch, Youmu floats down to giant dome. She unsheathes the Roukanken and tests the surface by waving it along its surface, which is simply passes through without any resistance, like all that’s there is empty air, “Strange… I wonder…” She flies into the dome and passes through easily. Inside, far below, she sees the village she remembers. Up above, where she just passed through, there is a clear night sky and a crescent moon, “Huh? What is this? What happened to the moon? I guess I’ll ask around a little…”

Youmu slowly descend down to the busy village below and asks one of the human villagers, “Excuse me? Can you tell me a little about this place?”

“…” Suddenly, everyone pauses what they were doing and stares at Youmu, or more specifically, her ghost-half. Finally, after several seconds of silence, one of them yells, “Y-YOUKAI!” With that, all the villagers run away frantically.

Youmu calls out, “Wait! I just…” Suddenly, something hot grazes her shoulder from behind, seeing it is a laser as it goes past. “Ow! What the…?”

Youmu whirls around and sees a girl, hovering at the end of a row of structures, with brown eyes and light-blue hair wearing a blue and white school uniform and a blue hat with a red ribbon, “I don’t know how you managed to find this place, youkai, as knowledge of it should have been erased from the minds of everyone in Gensokyo, but since you are here, endangering the humans of this village, I, Keine Kamishirasawa, shall eliminate you!”

Youmu stammers, “W-wait a minute! I just…”

Not listening to Youmu, Keine draws a spell card, “Light Sign!” Red and blue energy surges through her as she extends her arm toward Youmu, “Amaterasu!” A flurry of lasers flies from her hand and quickly toward Youmu.

Damn! Looks like she won’t stop to listen to reason… Youmu draws her own spell card with her left and unsheathes the Roukanken with her right, “Four Births Sword!” Pink energy flows into Youmu. She momentarily focuses, then flies into the swarm of beams, deflecting them with her sword as needed, quickly closing in on Keine. “Resounding of the Restless Beings!” Finally, up close, she swings her sword, releasing a wave of power that knocks her back.

Keine, regaining her composure, says, “Hmph. Not bad. You’re not the average youkai, but I’m not through yet!” Keine quickly draws another card, “Ambition Sign!” The spell card vanishes and three magic circles appear around Keine, “Yoshimitsu Crisis!” The circles shoot out a swarm of small blue shots of magical energy. Near point-blank range, a few of the shots tear through Youmu’s non-vital areas before she falls back with the majority of the attack closely following her.

Youmu, constantly retreating with no room to maneuver through the openings in Keine’s attack, draws a spell card, “Soul Sign!” The card’s silver energy flows into Youmu’s ghost-half. She thrusts the Roukanken into her ghost-half, where it disappears.

Keine watches Youmu’s actions intensely, “What is she doing?”

Youmu’s ghost half, much smaller than her human-half, flies through the tiny openings in Keine’s attack, quickly advancing on her. Finally, it bypasses the magic circles. Youmu’s human-half smiles, “Get ready! Pain of the Living Ghost!” The ghost half turns into a transparent copy of Youmu, with the Roukanken in hand, which delivers a powerful slash across the torso of the surprised Keine.

“AAARRGGHHHH!” Losing focus over her spell card, Keine falls to the ground. Youmu’s ghost-half returns to its shapeless form and returns to the human half. She pulls the Roukanken out of the ghost half and slings the blood off before returning it to its sheath.

Keine says weakly, “I won’t give up… I must defend the people of this village from youkai like you…”

Youmu, now with a chance to speak, says, “Listen, I’m not here to hurt anyone. I just happened across this area and was curious. I thought it might have had something to do with that weird moon outside. What is with this place anyway?”

“Do you expect me to believe you?”

“Fine then…” Youmu tosses the sheathed Roukanken and Hakurouken to the side.

Keine pauses and says, “Alright. I’ll believe you for now. What I’ve done is hide this village’s history from Gensokyo to protect everyone from the threat looming above. That which is unknown to the past is unaffected by the present. Where we are is a ‘pocket’ of a separate history. Within this ‘pocket,’ there is an illusory moon. Now for my question: How did you find this place? Knowledge of this village was wiped from history, and thus, wiped from the memory of everyone in Gensokyo.”

Youmu answers, “I’m not from Gensokyo. I’m from the Netherworld.”

“I see. Of course you wouldn’t be affected by my powers of history manipulation…”

“By the way, I may be part youkai, but I’m also part human.”

“Alright, then. Sorry for the misunderstanding. However, I want you to leave this place immediately. That spirit that is with you still causes panic among the humans here.”

Youmu picks up her swords, “Okay. I’m leaving. I got the answers I’ve come here for.” With that, Youmu flies up and away from the village

Keine thinks to herself, This village is fortunate that I could prevent it from being affected by the crisis looming above, but I can’t say the same about the rest of Gensokyo. Mokou-sama… I hope you are safe from that threat… Keine lets out a slight chuckle, Of course she is. Only one person is capable of that and there’s no way she would let herself fall under HER control…

Youmu flies out of Keine’s historical space, and once again, the mysterious moon looms above. Someone that can control history? Gensokyo’s people are something else. Still, it seems that had nothing to do with that moon, so I was just wasting time in that place... Youmu looks ahead. She is not far from the bamboo forest and just beyond that is her destination. Not far now… I will get rid of that weird moon for sure!

Flying as fast as she can, Youmu approaches the outer edge of the forest. 

The wind swept down the warm, early spring plains, clearing the path and bringing the delicate scent of life to the whole countryside; circled by tall grass, the old trees were starting to blossom, providing shade to the weary travelers.

As the weary traveler stopped, he paused not to search shelter from the pleasant sun, but to check his surroundings with an almost sleepy expression.

"Great", he said, "Now where the fuck am I?".

With a sigh, he kept walking; dragging a road sign with him, a kind of strange, yellow danger sign with a black man wearing a pyramid on his head and wielding some sort of giant cleaver. "I should have figured there was something wrong the moment the mist stopped hiding the horizon, or the sun for that matter", spoke the weary traveler, that for luck or ill had this habit of talking to himself, "Still, if I grazed Silent Hill, I can’t be too far off... I mean, if I stumbled to Raccoon City, that’d be serious, since it’s the opposite direction". He stopped again, looking around... No trace of mist of any kind.

"I’m so not home", he realized, "If I were home, the grass would be darker, there’d be ditches, with giant were-rats and ninja bats with guitars, and enough mist to hide the sky"; quite clearly, wherever he was, there weren’t ditches, there weren’t were-rats and there weren’t ninja bats with guitars. Sparrows were very common, as well as magpies and the occasional raven, but definitely no rats.

"Can’t be too bad, thought", he stated while not so sure of himself, "If I keep following this path, I guess I’ll eventually get somewhere".

Dusk fell, and our weary traveler was sprawled down on the path, disheartened like an italian after the second game of Six Nations’ Rugby championships, his trusty road sign by his side still in his grip thought. Shit, I’m not getting anywhere, he thought, and it’s getting late. And I’m hungry, and my cell phone is dead, and I need a shower; surprising himself with how bad things could get if only he tried to see the negative aspects, he was sort of re-heartened when, as the sun was starting to fall, he could see a light in the distance. Civilization? Maybe?

"Well, maybe I’m not toast then", and he got up, dusting his clothes.

For a person who lives between Silent Hill and Raccoon City, and who has the habit of taking road signs with him, one would expect him to have some sort of danger sense to keep him alive. In fact, he did notice something was odd, sounding very odd; he was very used to the countryside sounds at night, but... "The Higurashi are Nakuing like motherfuckers", he clearly stated in an overly tense tone, "This can’t be good".

"Oh, so you’re alive", said the girl that has been at his side, poking him with a pointy stick, for over twenty minutes.

Noticing her presence just now (and discovering his side was aching, as if he has been poked with a pointy stick for over twenty minutes), the weary traveler found a young tomboy with a fancy shirt and baggy pants, whose eyes and hair were between teal and blue, and who had something that could only be antennae on her head.

Where did I see her already? He pondered, while figuring out something to say, "Yeah, I’m more alive than I look".

"It’s so bold for you to ignore the insect life around you, I wonder if you are tough enough to back up for that spirit?", not only she looked tomboyish, but she was pretty confident too, maybe a bit of a bully, or maybe actually dangerous, if only our weary traveler had some kind of danger sense and wasn’t such a sucker for cute faces, so the only thing he could think was Well, she’s cute, at least.

"Hunger makes people bold, and also carefree, so unless you have some food to offer me, I’ll have to execuse myself", damn it, I get the felling it’s very important... Where did I see her already?

"I don’t have food to offer unless you want to eat yourself", she replied with a smirk, "I have found my dinner".

'Dinner, he thought, me dinner, then he added insects, tomboy and clearly not home elements together. Still didn’t get it. "You don’t eat people raw, and its laughable to see an insect light a fire, the only thing you could safely light is a mosquito repellent"

"I’m a firefly damn it!", she looked pretty pissed and ready to pick a fight; while our traveler had about the physical strength of a girl, he was confident he could knock such a brat out cold if he had to, unless...

"Oh, just what I needed, won’t you mind shedding some light and guiding me to some resemblance of civilization? I promise I’ll share some bread crumbs with you. Or whatever else fireflies eat".

Oooh, that’s it, now she was angry, "That’s it, I’m going to kill you dead!", she said before jumping into the air and flying up, far beyond his reach. Uh-oh, he thought, readying his road sign, even if she was out of range anyways, this looks bad... But somehow it feels good that I won the pre-combat banter.

At that moment, enlightenment struck him, and just after it struck him, he noticed something else that was going terribly wrong, or terribly right.

"Ah... Uh...", he tried to say, "Behind you...."

"Ha! As if I could fall for it! Too late for mercy, now you die!"

"Ara, ara, this is not how you treat guests..."

The tomboy looked shocked to hear that voice behind her, and as a matter of fact, the moment she turned she looked more horrified than the weary traveler has ever seen in his entire life (that is, comparing to other people he saw with horrified expressions. Because, seriously, it was the first time he saw her. Really).

The voice belonged to... What could only be an astonishingly beautiful woman with curly long hair and a cute white and blue dress with a comfortable silk hat; she came out of... A rift in thin air, kept open by a pair of red ribbons; inside the rift, nothing euclidean geometry could explain.

"A... Yu... Y-yu... Yuka..."

"Ara, ara, you remember my name? How cute of you!", her eyes then set on the weary traveler, that while dumbfound, wasn’t all that dense, and immediately let go of that fighting stance of his (but not of the road sign), "So this is our guest, eh?"

"Uh... Yes", he said, scratching his head and feeling dumb for such a stupid answer, "Uh... Thanks for saving me, or delaying her dinner. Unless you too dig in human meat?".

The firefly girl landed next to the traveler, as if her first priority was to get away from her, nevermind if her former opponent was at arm reach right now, "Yu... Yukari! This is unfair! He... I saw him first!".

Unfazed, the woman (Yukari?) instead looked down at the two as if she saw some sort of hidden potential... Wasted hidden potential judging from her expression, "Ara, ara... Wriggle, you insist in such tasteless choices in dressing?", she sighed, moving her eyes to the traveler, "And you too, our dear guest... We have a strict dressing code in Gensokyo, so it is better that you adapt to our customs"

"WHA?", Wriggle looked shocked, hugging herself as if she was afraid the other woman would rip her clothes apart (and a hidden, submerged part in the traveler’s brain wanted that to happen, but it was quickly beaten senseless), "N-no way!". The traveler wasn’t so quick to grasp the situation, he instead pondered on something Yukari said. Gensokyo?

The rush of air that followed almost knocked them both off their feet; figuring some sort of fight was about to break out, they both got back into fighting stances only to find themselves...

... In cute, girls’ clothing, fancy gowns with wide skirts and embroideries; Wriggles’ was light green with dark green embroideries, while the travelers’ was red and black with golden embroideries, they somehow looked like they were made to match.

"Wha...", the traveler said, unable to absorb all of the shock in one shot, why a girl’s dress? And why such a fancy one, at that?

"Is this me...?" he heard the other girl wondering as she looked at herself. Couldn’t blame her, she was awfully cute, as a matter of fact, and as she realized that and started to discover that side of herself, she seemed to have forgotten about insects, dinner and all the fuss about fighting.

"As I thought, my fashion sense can’t be wrong", said Yukari, who was still there, floating in the middle of nothing, somehow having managed to change their clothes without moving, "These clothes really suit you; but I already knew Wriggle looked cuter like that, crossdressing does fit him".

The traveler could hear it; Wriggle’s newly discovered girl side and heart, crashing like she just divided by zero. Tears sprung up to her eyes and she turned, running away at the cry of "But I am a girl!!!!"

He looked at her, feeling pity for such wasted beauty and hurt feelings, then turned to face the other woman, as if he wanted to scold her, "That was pretty rough, cannibalistic half-insect girls have feelings too". Pause, "And I’m not a girl, by the way, I’m a man"

"Man? What are you talking about?", she giggled, but her initially dumbfound expression made him realize (not without shock) that she really didn’t notice, "Anyways, welcome to Gensokyo weary traveler, and please be careful of youkais during your stay".

At a loss of words, trying to absorb too much that had happened too quickly, he nodded slowly and carefully, "Uh... Thank you, I guess. Yukari, is it?"

"The youkai of boundaries, Yukari Yakumo. May I know the name of our guest now?"

"Oh, it’s Mokuren. I’m sorry but I don’t have any fancy title to go with it... Yet"

"It has been nice to meet you Mokuren, please be careful of hungry youkai from now on. I have to leave on urgent business so please execuse me", and, still smiling like she was hiding something and enjoying every bit of it, she disappeared back in the gap she came from, which closed with her.

Moments passed, the wind swept, gently blowing below Mokuren’s skirt and tickling his legs, it was starting to get cold, especially with that kind of clothing. Everything was clearer now, this didn’t make it less crazy, but at least he had an idea of what was going on...

Better keep that road sign close and handy.

At which point he remembered about Wriggle. Wriggle Nightbug, oh so that’s the familiar face he thought he had seen already; he could hear her sobbing away, something he couldn’t stand (and one of the main reasons he shouldn’t ever be thrown in the world of anime, but go tell Yukari...); sighing, he proceeded to reach her.

As she heard him approaching, she stopped sobbing and took a deep breath, wiping her eyes quickly and trying not to be seen; ultimately useless, but also sort of granted, "Ah", Mokuren said, "I just wanted to see if you’re fine".

"Of course I’m fine", she tried hard to make her voice not break, "I even decided I’m not hungry tonight. Be grateful I’m letting you go, human".

"Name’s Mokuren", he answered, patting her on the shoulder, "And believe me, I share your pain".

While it was almost impossible for such a half-assed comforting from a complete stranger to work, the sheer honesty and weight of real pain in his words somehow reached her, and she even went as far as turning to face him, getting more proof that she wasn’t alone in not having her gender identity recognized.

"Uh..." she said, as if between a loss of words and no desire to speak with anyone at all, "Well, thanks. I’m Wriggle, if you haven’t figured. Humans are thickheads after all".

"Speaking of which... I’m lost and I have nowhere to go", he clasped his hands, a kind smile on his lips, "I’m sorry about earlier on... Can you please forgive me and at least point me towards some sort of civilization? I promise I will treat you to dinner once we get there".

"I don’t want to, go find your own way".

"Please allow me to insist", he circled to knee in front of her, his hands still clasped in front of his nose, "I am also a half-decent amateur who left his recipe books at home good cook, and I’m sure a cute girl like you does not deserve to be left alone all the time. Please allow me to repair for my lack of respect to the insect life".

Whether for sheer luck, coincidence or having praised her well enough, Wriggle, for once, looked like she would do somebody a favor. A real one.

"... Fine. But only for this time, ok?".


In the skies of evening Gensokyo, a youkai was carrying a human that was carrying a road sign. Much to the advantage of their dignity (especially the road sign’s, who had more than the other two combined), nobody saw them flying around.

It turned out that Mokuren’s eagle eyes were pretty accurate even during night (which cut Wriggle’s comments about him seeing things and being bird-eyed) and the light he saw was actually a light. From a building.

Holy raptor jesus on a pogo stick, he thought, of all the places, this had to be the closest one?

"Are you sure you want to stay here?", Wriggle questioned, feeling sort of uneasy, "There’s a dangerous person that lives here".

"Well, as long as it’s human, I may be able to fit in better. We humans tend to help each other in times of need".

"Doubt it. Good luck trying anyways, I’m letting you off here and getting back to the plains"

"Are you sure?", his feet touched the ground and he merrily used them to scuttle around and finally turn to look at Wriggle, "I haven’t treated you to dinner yet, I’d feel guilty"

"Thanks, I’m not hungry, really", she eyed him almost suspiciously, then she scratched her head as if embarassed, "Well, I’m leaving".

"Very well. Farewell then, and feel free to come and call in this dinner I owe you whenever you feel like it", he smiled, "Thanks for everything, Wriggle".

She turned, and only the muffled sound of a "You’re welcome" accompanied her takeoff as she disappeared in the night sky.

Mokuren sighed, then smiled in satisfaction at his accomplishments, good, I’m in Gensokyo’s relationship chart. I’m no longer a nameless extra, I’m a PC now! I take more than one hit to kill!

With this thought and the making of a new friend following him, he proudly and firmly walked the path down to the entrance of the Hakurei Shrine, knocking at the wood and paper doors.

No answer.

He blinked, knocked again, and got absolutely no answer again. "Mh, could she be outside?", he opened the door and peeked in, "Helloo? Anyone in here?". He stepped in, the very idea of entering a true shrine making him remember to take his shoes off at the entrance (much to his chargrin, said shoes were now unmistakeably girly); he then proceeded to carefully explore the house, not forgetting to kick in a "Helloo? Anyone? I’m coming in! Helloo?" every once in a while.

Minutes later, he was sitting under a kotatsu, alone.

"I guess she’s out", he said to himself, resuming monologues now that he was, once again, alone. He sighed, wondering where she could be, leaving with the lights on like that; it probably wasn’t wisest to stay in one’s kitchen when she was out, but it was getting pretty cold outside, and the kotatsu was sooo warm and cuddly.

He eventually got tired of waiting, and very prone to getting bored as he was, he got up from the kotatsu and started exploring the kitchen. He wasn’t an expert on Japanese-style furniture and cuisine, but he thought he had the ingredients to cook up something; the lack of recipe books was still crippling, but considering the ingredients weren’t really suited for italian cuisine anyways, he figured he had to improvise something.

Yes, he got the idea that it wasn’t wisest to stay in one’s kitchen and use it and eat her food when she was out, but by the time he was thinking about that, he was already tossing minced pork meat in the pan while rice was boiling in salt water.

When he had made enough and his bowl was already full, he sat down under the kotatsu and clasped his hands together, "Well, since Yukari told me to learn Gensokyo’s customs, here we go: Itadakimasu!".

The split second later, he noticed he wasn’t alone anymore.

"Hey Reimu, you got guests, ze"

Oh, shi-

He opened his eyes, Reimu Hakurei (aka Red&White, aka owner of this house and temple) was standing on the other side of the kotatsu, her arms crossed, her looks not pleased at all. At least Marisa (aka Black&White, aka friend of Reimu’s and usually freeloader at her place) seemed to have taken it lightly.

"You better start explaining", Reimu was dead serious, and if Moku was about to get kicked by Wriggle, it didn’t take a genius to guess what would happen if Reimu got really angry.

"Long story or short story?", Mokuren tried his best to keep a friendly expression, and found it surprisingly easy in spite of the panic.

"Shortest you can".

And so, he told her.

Moments later, after much blinking, Mokuren was forced to wonder "Uh... Which part of “Yukari kidnapped me” you don’t understand?".

"The part in which you’re freeloading at my house while I’m not here instead of being captive"

"Oh", he said, "That part". He paused, "Well, it’s because she kidnapped me from my home world and brought me in Gensokyo, she didn’t really seem interested in keeping me as a pet", he stopped, knowing it would have never, ever been enough to satisfy her, she then proceeded to push the other two bowls of rice on, "But please, have a seat and eat, there is plenty for everyone".

"Hey, thanks ze", and Marisa was quickly by his side, helping herself to some tasty food, Reimu still wasn’t pleased, of course.

"Marisa! For what we know this girl could be any kind of weirdo!". Girl? For the love of all that is holy why everyone kept calling him a girl?

"Relax Reimu, she can’t be all that dangerous, and you know that Yukari is up to this kind of pranks, ze", all this while she was eating like she’s been starving for the last three days, "And I think she’s honest, I don’t know anyone that cooks rice like this".

Reimu sighed heavily, but she had already joined the other two at the kotatsu, "This doesn’t make up for the fact she sneaked in my house at night while I was out", pause, "And how the heck were you brought up, learning to cook like this?".

"Ah, sorry, that’s how we do it from where I come" and you seem to like it, you ungrateful miko, "And sorry about sneaking into your house, I was lost and homeless and there was nobody inside, so I had that bug youkai carry me here"

Reimu made a funny face at that part of the story, "Bug youkai? Are you sure you’re human? What bug youkai?"

"I met an insect girl during that Eientei accident thing, but I don’t remember much of her", Marisa seemed a bit challenged in remembering the details, but this didn’t prevent her from opening the nearby pot and helping herself to more rice and minced meat, "What was her name anyways?"

"Wriggle Nightbug", Mokuren’s memories were still pretty fresh, at least, "We became friends in odd circumstances regarding this Yukari", explaining further would have been difficult.

Both Marisa and Reimu shook their heads, "Can’t remember any Wriggle person, ze".

"Anyways, why did you come here? Couldn’t you have sought refuge somewhere else? This is a temple, not an inn, you know", Reimu sighed; while she was still quite pissed, at least a fully tummy made her less prone to killing people, maybe she also believed that Yukari story? I hope so, because it’s so damn true!

"Well, I was lost, it was late night, a youkai tried to eat me... Sorry if I couldn’t be picky", he sighed, "Also, I’m a boy".

Marisa laughed, "Hey Reimu, you’ve gotta be some kind of weirdness magnet, you got a freeloading girl who thinks she’s a boy, ze".

"An alien, directionally challenged and gender-confused girl freeloading at my house, since when I became a charity service?", Reimu sighed and slide down deeper into the kotatsu; for Mokuren’s luck, she looked like she was used to having people freeloading at her house, "Anyways, you’re new to Gensokyo and have already survived an encounter with a youkai, I must admit you’re an interesting person", now she even seemed to be curious, "Did you fight her with that road sign you left outside?".

"I intended to", he honestly answered, "But we managed to resolve peacefully", he was even starting to lose the will to point out he was actually a man, since it didn’t seem to work anyways. Funny how some things don’t change no matter in which world you go to...

"Wow, she’s tough, ze. Winning battles with words"

"Or she’s stolen her precious thing, I guess she has a lot in common with you".

For some reason, Marisa turned blood red, then laughed, avoiding eye contact, "Ha ha ha! I don’t know what you’re talking about, ze, are you maybe jealous of my magic?"

"There’s no way I would be", Reimu sighed again and noticed something was lacking. "You, stranger, do you have a name?".

"Mokuren"

"Well, Mokuren, make some tea please".

"Sure", he then got up and proceeded to make tea... Which was quite difficult, considering he wasn’t used to tea leaves at all, or to tea in general. Luckily, Reimu was such a tea fangirl that she didn’t bother as long as it was tea, and Marisa couldn’t care less anyways.

So, the three were now sipping hot tea while sitting under a kotatsu, peacefully relaxing in a moment of perfect quiet, everyone far away from problems of any kind; even the intruder felt somehow in tune within the room, as if the two strangers were no longer strange and hostile, but friends of a long time ago.

"So, Reimu, are you goin’ to keep that girl?"

"I don’t know", she honestly answered, "What good can it do? It’s a bother to have people around"

"It’s not much, but I could cook, do chores and help with the temple", Mokuren intervened, "At least so that I can pay back for your kindness, I’d hate being in debt with you"

"Don’t waste flattery on Red’n’Whitey, ze, she can’t even understand it"

"Well...", Reimu pondered, "I guess a Mokuren wouldn’t hurt for a change, we only have cherry trees here..."

"Now, that’s the Reimu I know, ze!"

And that’s one bad pun, too, Mokuren added with his thoughts, but well, moé slavery was far from the worse thing that could happen to him.

"So, Mokuren", Reimu said as if talking to an apprentice, "Tomorrow I’ll teach you to wear a sarashi, I’ll also lend you a chihaya until we visit Kourindou and see if he has another. Then, you can begin with the chores, like cleaning, cooking, making tea, baking biscuits... Just leave all the spirit stuff to me"

"I gladly will", and he sighed... So, that must’ve been Gensokyospeak for YTMND.

You’re The Miko Now, Dog. 
Mokuren just couldn’t scoff that uneasy, unnatural feeling of being in a weird situation all of a sudden and not making heads and tails out of it. It has been a strange morning, after all, but luckily his “Adaptive learning” special quality kicked in, and he used routine tasks to attune himself to this strange world.

When he woke up in the morning to find himself not in his bed, he was pretty dumbfound, but sleepy enough to not care. Then he met Reimu (again), remembered he was freeloading at her place and working as her personal moé slave, and everything made sense.

It actually didn’t, but from Mokuren’s point of view, it was perfectly viable.

"Reimu?", Mokuren was taking a break after having cleaned the northern part of the courtyard and, honstly, looked fine in his chihaya, as if he was somehow used to crossdressing (just don’t tell him).

"Uh?", was Reimu’s half-asleep answer; of course she didn’t budge or help or anything, she just watched him work, and took breaks during that.

"Is it really fine for an oni to be a miko?"

Clearly, he wasn’t referring to himself, but rather to the noisy brat with the killer alcohol jug to which he gave the broom. She was proceeding to make the paving more mess than nature could ever dream of doing, and she was clearly an oni, unless the two horns were just for sport (nothing wrong with the balls and chains to the wrists, thought).

"No, it’s not", the miko answered, with the uninterested tone she so masterfully used to kill topics and arguments before they could see the light, which left Moku wondering things like so why don’t you chase her or something?

"Mocchan! Mocchan! I’m doing the cleaning!" the brat oni shouted, waving her hand frantically like a problem child trying to get attention; Mokuren timidly answered, not being half as good as Reimu to ignore people. Mocchan?

"Say Mocchan, you have to buy a Kouhaku right? I wanna come too, it’s a while I don’t see a real man!"

You’re talking to one, you dummy, Mocchan sighed, there was no way telling her would do any good anyways, "Of course you can come, Suika", he kindly answered, "But we’ll have to walk. I cannot fly".

This revelation must have shocked the oni, for she turned to Reimu, gawking for explainations. "She can’t fly", she simply stated, "She can’t fire danmaku either, so it’s fine if you go with her, as long as you protect her from the youkai; she still owes me, it’d be a bother if she got eaten".

"I would be less of a bother if you could teach me. I could go fix the roof without having to look for the ladder, for example" and thanks for clearly stating you consider me a bother he added, but he didn’t really expect anything different from her, he was freeloading at her place, after all.

"Teach?", Suika looked more confused than ever, "You can teach someone to do that?" Reimu shrugged, completely immersed into her own, personal world made of bliss and relax, "Teaching is a bother, ask Marisa, she’s the one into that kind of stuff".

"I certainly will"

Reimu gave him a glance, as if something struck her curiosity, "Did I say something funny?"

"Not at all", despite his best efforts, he couldn’t hide that smile, "It’s just, it almost looked like you actually cared for this delusional girl freeloading at your house"

"Of course", she answered unfazed, "I’m a good girl, you know".

Moku rose to his feet, quickly followed by Suika, "Are we going, Mocchan?"

"Yes", he turned to Reimu, "Well, if Suika’s guiding me, I can come back in time to prepare lunch"

"Fine, fine", and the miko just sipped her still warm tea. Well, Reimu’s Reimu, I guess, and the assistant miko set forth to buy clothes, guided by his trusty oni assistant miko.


Walking in the midst of untamed nature was not new to Mokuren, but the long way on foot was particularly pleasant and relaxing, "I wonder what my friends are thinking, with me disappearing and all" he thought out loud, forgetting he wasn’t alone.

"Oh, yeah, you come from another world don’t you?", Suika was coming with him, but it was almost like he was escorting her somewhere rather than the other way around, at least her habit of running around when walking would have fit just fine didn’t help giving her a serious look. Not that she could have one anyways, "How’s life there?"

"Boring", he answered before his brain could kick in and give something more decent, "Well... In truth, I guess it’s just pretty different, it’s tough to explain"

"Ooooh", she was digging into it, but Moku got the feeling she’d dig into just anything, "So you’re going to stay here? It’d be so cool if we could make the red’n’white trio at the shrine!"

As if Reimu wouldn’t kill us both for just thinking about it, "Well, I don’t know. I’m not really a miko, I’m just helping out because I’m freeloading at Reimu’s"

"Don’t worry! I’m not a real miko either!", she looked proud of it, "I just come to the shrine to play when I’m bored!", she looked proud of this, too.

The weird but in-the-end pleasant conversation lightened the travel, and the path widened until it revealed a town; a Meiji-era town, except there wasn’t any trace of westerners, even thought westerner contamination was already present, mostly in clothing styles.

Mokuren was surprised, in a way; the city was full of what could only be extras, nameless NPCs, random no-threat mooks, but most importantly they were all ordinary human beings. Holy yodeling jesus on a rally car, he thought, I can’t believe there’s ordinary people in Gensokyo!

Being Gensokyo dwellers, he expected them to be used to weird stuff. As a matter of fact, they didn’t look too shocked to see an alien crossdressing miko and an oni loli miko strutting around, most inhabitants simply kept a safe distance, meaning the two had more or less the whole road free, wherever they went.

"So... Rinnosuke’s shop is in town?", Mokuren eyed the locals, trying to look as friendly and innocuous as possible; the two evidently weren’t a common sight even for them, some of the kids were blatantly pointing at them and asking weird questions at their parents, mostly in the “who are they?” area. They were promptly shushed at every turn.

"Nay, nay", Suika answered, "We stopped by ‘cause I’m out of booze, the Kourindou is actually outside".

Ah, he thought, you could’ve said that, you know. He sighed and patiently escorted the small oni to a liquor shop, where she filled up with something that was probably sake, and probably something much worse at the same time. Meanwhile, Moku’s sharp ears picked up bits of whispered conversation from people that thought he couldn’t hear them; they were mostly innocent, but things like “Did you see her already? She looks new”, “Yes, she’s not the same, and isn’t the other an... Oni?”, “Well, if she’s with a shrine maiden, it’s probably fine”. Of course, he also tried to be a friendly neighbor and greet people while he was waiting, receiving welcomes like “Good day miss shrine maiden”, “Good day to you, miss shrine maiden”, “Isn’t the weather nice, miss shrine maiden?” and stuff.

It made him wonder yet again: how come people didn’t notice? I mean, damn, it looked like his friends on the other world insisting he was a trap, it just didn’t make sense! And how could Reimu not have noticed when she made him a sarashi?

Vague reminiscences drifted afloat from that morning...


"Wow, you’re flatter than Marisa"


And then she moved on.

Moku sighed, and when he opened his eyes, an "I’m done!" brought him back to the present world. Suika looked happy, and looked like she had a taste of many “ingredients” from said shop while she was at it, at least judging from the smell of alcohol. But boy, she did look happy.

Is this loli?, he wondered, and having asked he already knew the answer.


Kourindou was out in the wilderness in the middle of nothing about just like anything else in Gensokyo, but compared to other places like the Hakurei Shrine, it wasn’t too far from civilization, and it was in the same direction too, so the way back wouldn’t have been too long. "Kourindou", Moku repeated, "So, is this it?"

"Yup, shall we?"

He nodded, they couldn’t possibly be wrong, even on the outside there were some weird things that looked just terribly out of place compared to the somewhat “ordinary” city. Rubber boats, professional fishing poles... And a large, wooden sign at the entrance, reading “A CHALLENGER APPEARS”

Oh, true, he thought, I’m the only other male PC in Gensokyo. Except nobody realizes it, he sighed, and entered.

"Welcome to Kourindou", hearing a male voice was somehow... Odd, which surprised Mokuren, was he already getting so used to live amongst women even thought he has been there for about just one day? Still, Rinnosuke was a rather handsome and refreshing man, unlike Mokuren’s experience with the doujinshis depicting him as yet another random pervert. Well, it’s a good change, he’s not too bad, but stopped his train of thoughts after that, in the unlikely case somebody reading a fanfiction about him would (mistakenly) believe it was about to turn into yaoi.

"Oh, well, if it isn’t Suika, long time no see", Rinnosuke obviously knew her, he probably knew everyone, Moku was sort of at a loss with him... A mostly unknown character, but supposedly harmless at least. "And... Who’s this friend of yours, Suika?", he turned to smile at Mokuren, "Welcome to Kourindou miss shrine maiden, please make yourself at ease".

Oh, fuck, was his first thought, this gender-distortion field I appear to be in works on men, too?

"She’s Mocchan, she’s freeloading at Reimu’s. And she thinks she’s a man"

"Ah ah ah ah...", Mokuren laughed without passion, just as an execuse to drop into the conversation before it all got out of hand, "I’m sorry; my name is Mokuren, and I am a temporary assistant miko, guest of Reimu’s".

"Reimu... Reimu Hakurei of the Hakurei shrine?", he nodded, his eyes scanning the “temporary assistant miko”, "I see. If I may ask, are you two relatives? You look quite alike".

Alike? Relatives? You fail, Rinnosuke, you fail at life, "No, we are not... I never figured we looked alike", he smiled, trying to make it look as honest as possible, "I have come to look for a chihaya about my size, since this one is Reimu’s".

"Well, help yourself Mokuren", he made a wide arcing gesture with his arm, "My shop holds the most varied and rare goods you will not find the likes of anywhere else in Gensokyo, please take your time".

Indeed, his shop was full of delicacies... Some of which could interest him as well. Fancy goth clothing, radios, TVs, a price tag reading “599 U.S. dollars”, Sword replicas, real swords (WTF?) and... Ah! Here was a chiha-

... WTF?

"If you need to try it on, you can use the changing room to your left", promptly came from behind him. Rinnosuke must have mistaken Mokuren’s dumbfound stare with interest, probably because he couldn’t see his face.

"... Suika? Does this still count as a chihaya?"

"I don’t know", she pondered, "It’s not red and white"

As a matter of fact, it was blue, black and white, but it looked exactly like a chihaya... Assuming miko were actually goths.

"You... Don’t have other chihayas in the shop?"

"I’m afraid not, I have no interest in keeping common goods", he smiled, "I am sure a tailor in town could make you one, but it might take long, and Reimu might want you to give back the chihaya you are borrowing, after all".

He smiled. The bastard, he wanted to see him with a goth chihaya. Well, it was unlikely that he kept exactly one goth chihaya just in case a new miko came to town and needed one in exactly one day so she’d be forced to wear it... But still, he smiled like he planned it all along.

Eventually, he had to surrender to the obvious facts and go change. Funny, it fit him nice... Which made everything even more suspicious.

"Whoa, dark Mocchan!"

"It suits you fine", was Rinnosuke’s apparently unfazed comment; of course, he was supposed to be pretty used to attractive women (not traps, but still, who is used to traps?), "I think Reimu will like it, too"

"Uh. I guess so", he looked up at Rinnosuke, then down at the folded chihaya (Reimu’s), then back up at him. Now that he wondered, Rinnosuke was support cast, not PC, right? If so, this meant he couldn’t fly or shoot danmaku... Or could he? "By the way, Rinnosuke..."

"Yes?"

"how do i shot danmaku?"

"haha i dunno"

Damn, well, at least he tried.

"On a side note, I do not know if I have something worth enough to give you in change. I have nothing of the local currency, and the currency I have will hardly be any useful in Gensokyo anyways"

"I do not have real interest in currency, my business lives on barter and exchange of other strange and rare goods, especially those coming from other worlds", he adjusted his glasses, looking straight at Mokuren, "I understand you come from out there, don’t you? I am sure you will have something interesting".

"Well, I don’t know if you can consider it interesting", he browsed through his pockets, pulling out his wallet and cell phone, "But I do have 23.51 euros and a cell phone, I don’t know if they are worth enough".

They probably were thought, for Rinnosuke seemed very interested in his currency, "Mh, I have never seen this kind of money before".

"They’re the present unified european currency", he explained, knowing he probably didn’t make any sense to him anyways, "And this... Is just an old, stupid, useless cell phone, especially considering there’s no signal here".

"They would both be new and welcomed additions to my shop", wow, he made Rinnosuke happy? How cool is that?


On the (somewhat shorter) way back, Suika resumed pestering Mokuren with an all huge measure of things he couldn’t care less about, ranging from the so-called “oni culture” (which were mostly ramblings and brags about herself) to the so-called “festival culture” (which were mostly poorly accurate resumes of parties. Crazy parties at that).

"By the way Mocchan", she eventually said, "Why’d you pick that sword?"

Mokuren shrugged, "He said I could pick something else, and it intrigued me" it’s also about the only weapon I have some expertise with he mentally added. Not that it would have helped him much in a danmaku fight, but if Youmu could stunt her way with fencing, why couldn’t he?

As promised, Mokuren was back at the Hakurei shrine in time to make lunch. Of course, they had guests.

"Wow, Reimu, we’ve got a black’n’bluey now, ze!"

"Where’d you get that funny chihaya?"

"It was the only one available at Kourindou’s", he answered, handing Reimu her own, "Having one tailored for me would have taken too long"

"I guess so", Reimu stood up, leaving to put her chihaya back, "Feel free to use the kitchen, remember there’s four of us"

"I’ll take care of it right now", he smiled at Marisa trying to hide his damn, Reimu, at least be subtle in enslaving me feelings, "Do you have any preference?"

"I’ll leave it at you, ze, you were pretty good yesterday", she smiled back, giving him a thumbs up.

"Thank you", get away from my precious thing! get away! "I’ll make sure not to disappoint you".

And, moments later, they were all eating around a square table.

"Pennette alle erbe con crema di radicchio and Caprese" he explained for the girls, unfamiliar with italian cuisine, "It’d be best with forks and knives, but it’s nothing chopsticks can’t do".

Of course, Suika had started since before Moku could even say what he cooked up, but Reimu and Marisa had the decency to wait before stuffing everything down their throats like there’s no tomorrow.

"Where’d you get these ingredients, by the way?"

Reimu’s question came largely ignored, for Mokuren had more pressing business, "Oh, by the way, Marisa, Reimu said you can teach me to fire danmaku"

"Teach you to fire danmaku?", Marisa seemed to ponder trivial things, like “why would you want to”, “Why can’t you already since you’re a PC” and “Where else did you sink your points to not take something as basic as Danmaku?”, but in the end she answered with a simple "Sure, yes, I’ll teach you, ze".

"Please finish cleaning the other half of the garden first", odd, Reimu didn’t look as cheerful as Mokuren expected, maybe it was because of him? I guess I’m still a total stranger to her, she’s not like Marisa after all.

"Sure thing. Suika, are you going to help?"

"Yes! I wanna see Mocchan learn to fight!"

And so, after lunch, the afterlunch rest/nap, a bit of work, tea break, more work (mostly to fix Suika’s mess) and the proper 5 p.m. tea break, Mokuren was ready to take danmaku lessons.

"Laser", said Marisa, "Is not difficult, ze".

She even laid out a blackboard with the most important steps written down, it looked fancy and all, which meant Marisa was getting into it more than she should have.

"First, concentrate your mind!".

Concentrate your mind, the three (yes, Suika joined too, wonder why) were all in line, as if practicing some strange form of martial art, possibly one involving ridiculously slow breathing and sluggish motions. Sounds pretty easy.

"Now, mutter the spell to the mini-Hakkero!!"

Mutter the spell? What spell? To what mini-whatever?

"Aim at someone you don’t like..."

He felt it was time to stop and ask a question, but seeing how everyone was getting into it, Mokuren was feeling guilty already for having even just thought that. He aimed at someone he didn’t like... That is, nothing in particular, right in front of him.

"Now unleash your annihilation of love!"

Unleash your wha-

The rush of air almost threw him off his feet, a bright light flashing straight to his eyes, and then he had to set his feet firmly to the ground to avoid being flung away from the sheer power of the spell; it was roaring in his ears as if he was right in the middle of it, except that he luckily wasn’t.

When everything was over, he fell down sitting, blinking at Marisa with a befuddled expression, his hair all a mess, "See?", she said with a grin.

Yeah, he thought, Except I, like, didn’t learn anything.

"That was awesome" he instead answered, and he was sincerely honest about that, "But... I still don’t have an idea of how to do it".

"Well, you can’t learn anything in a day", she pointed a finger at him, "Practice daily, and one day you’ll learn. Maybe".

He sighed, as expected of Marisa, all she cared about was show off. Looks like I’m without a teacher again.

"Marisa, I told you more than once not to fire a Master Spark in front of my shrine", Reimu’s cold and dispassionate scolding was of course granted, along with the fact that Marisa couldn’t care less.

"It’s ok Reimu, there wasn’t anyone anyways".

Even if there was, I don’t think there’d be any proof left now. Kind of a dangerous world he ended into.


Eventually, both Suika and Marisa went back home, leaving Reimu and Mokuren alone. He, of course, was busy with cleaning dishes.

What surprised him was Reimu.

"We need to talk, Mokuren"

There was something strangely serious in her tone, did he piss her off at some point of the day? From the looks of her face, she was dead serious about something... Something not trivial.

"Uh... Sure"

"I decided to keep you for the night because you had nowhere else to go, I have watched you throughout the day. Mokuren, you are not the first human that has crossed the boundary to Gensokyo..."

"I see", he blinked, trying to guess where this was going.

"Ordinary humans either want to go back or stay; if they want to go back, Yukari and me will try to open a passage for them to return, if they want to stay they will be directed to the town, under the protection of Keine", she paused, looking at him straight in the eye, "It’s not your subtle wish to stay that has surprised me thought".

"First of all, and assuming you aren’t telling lies, Yukari has saved you from becoming food. She’s a youkai herself, she’d have no reason to do it, and I don’t remember her ever doing something like that. Secondly, even thought you met me, Marisa and Suika for the first time, you behaved as if you knew us already, you are a human from the outside world that easily accepts youkai and oni, strikes conversations with witches and, most suspicious of all, you seem more interested in learning danmaku than it would be healthy to".

She stopped, while she didn’t look angry, it was clear that Mokuren’s existance depended on wether Reimu would be satisfied or not from his answers. He knew that; even he had no danger sense, he could see that coming.

"Well, I’ll try to answer in order...", he said, putting the dishwashing to a temporary halt, "As for Yukari saving me, I don’t honestly know myself, she spoke of me being a “guest”, I don’t know if this is supposed to mean something, I do know I’m here because of her, but that’s all. As for knowing you... Let’s say I’m actually just very open-minded and ready to accept strange things", noticing this was even more suspicious, he cleared his throat and continued, "There are... Legends about a place called Gensokyo from my world. All I know comes from there, but until yesterday, I didn’t believe it really existed".

"As for the third thing, well, if half the things I know about Gensokyo are true, then I won’t be able to get anywhere alive without danmaku"

Moments of eerie silence passed, stagnating in the somewhat cold air of Reimu’s kitchen. The sun was almost completely down now, and it was becoming difficult to judge Reimu’s expression under just starlight and lanternlight.

"As expected, you’re not a common lost soul", she sighed, and somehow the situation appeared a lot less tense, "Gensokyo is not new to troubles, and all of them have started small. You are a potential problem, I just cannot figure what makes you such, and I also can’t figure what your intentions have to do with that".

"I can assure you I have no ill intentions", he smiled, "And even if I had, you know I can’t put up a danmaku fight, I just can’t be dangerous".

"Yes. Well, ok, let’s say you aren’t a threat", she crossed her arms, looking up and down at him, looking for something to explain the situation, "This doesn’t mean you can’t be a pawn. You mentioned a bug youkai brought you here yesterday, did you befriend her?"

"More or less. I rolled high enough on my Trap Empathy check and turned her from Hostile to Indifferent; I can’t say we’re friends but at least she won’t try to eat me again, maybe"

"Still, if Yukari didn’t interrupt the fight, you’d be dead, because that youkai can fire danmaku and you don’t"

"Exactly"

Reimu nodded, "In town, there is a person, Keine Kamishirasawa, which I mentioned earlier. She is dedicated to protecting humans, I’m sure she will give you shelter"

"Thanks, Reimu. But... I don’t think that freeloading at her place instead of yours would make me feel less of a burden. Also, I don’t really want to stay".

Reimu quirked her eyebrow, "Oh? So you don’t want to stay, yet you want to learn danmaku instead of trying to find a way home?"

"I thought the two things were connected", he blinked, "You know, the part where the hero stranded in an alien world has to learn to fight the local big bads and earn their way to freedom?"

Reimu shook her head, "Yes, yes... Stop there, will you?", she sighed, "Look, tomorrow we’ll go see Keine and hear what she thinks about this"

"Uh, I see", he paused, then looked at the dishes, "Well... I guess I’ll prepare some dinner now"

"Nah, don’t bother, I’ll take turn this time".

He blinked. OMG I BROKE REIMU!!!1! he thought, for there was no other logical explaination for her will to work; wasn’t she supposed to be lazy?

"Oh", he said, then blinked again, then took a couple steps back, watching her like some sort of strange, shapeshifting beast that took Reimu’s looks, "Well... Thanks"

"You’re welcome", she paused, "And don’t worry, I’m convinced you’re not a bad person. I’m not blaming this situation on you".

Mokuren couldn’t help but let out a sigh of relief; of course, knowing what to expect from Gensokyo didn’t made him able to read minds. But Reimu’s Reimu, I guess.

"Well, if you’re cooking, I’m doing the laundry then"

"You just can’t keep still, can you?"

"It helps me ponder", and he smiled. I’m curious as to what Keine will have to say, tomorrow. Reimu was right, this situation is a bit odd, but good heavens I did need a holiday. He even giggled at his own train of thoughts, not paying attention to the fact there was a washing machine and electric lights in a supposedly Meiji-era world.


In spite the sign in front of Hakurei shrine depicted an elderly man with a beard, a pointed hat and a staff, with the macro “You shall not pass!”, somebody passed through.

Mokuren, who had just that morning found a way to strap that sword of his to his back, was staring pretty dumbfound at Reimu.

"Keine is a bit too far to go on foot, I don’t want to waste all day to get there and walk back", she simply said, "So we’ll fly there".

Mokuren stared at the turtle with a humanlike beard, "I... I see"

"But since you cannot fly, Genji will carry you"

"Pleased to meet you", the turtle’s voice was the kind that could only belong to that sort of loving elderly persons; still, the idea of flying riding a giant turtle’s back was... Funny.

"Oh... Nice to meet you too, mr. Genji"

This allowed Mokuren to taste the feeling of flying moderately free through the skies of Gensokyo. After getting used to not looking down too much and learning that Genji was able to carry him safely enough to make him feel comfortable in spite of the reduced space, he found that the air felt nice up high, it was cool and refreshing.

"It feels great out this morning"

Reimu made a “hm” like sound in agreement, as she clearly had something else in her mind. I guess she’s still trying to make heads and tails out of this mess, he thought, closing his eyes and deciding to just enjoy the trip, Maybe I should stop being so selfish and try to help her out, she’s been unbelievably kind to me, after all.

With time, he realized that walking would have taken forever, but the flight was just fine and their trip was over well before he could get bored. The place they landed to was some kind of Meiji-era japanese village, like some kind of small world all of its own.

"Thanks for the trip, mr. Genji"

"My pleasure, youngster, my pleasure", the turtle then resumed walking like any ordinary giant turtle.

"I have to tell you in advance, Keine is not human, but you mustn’t worry about that, she means no harm to ordinary humans"

I knew that already, Mokuren thought, but he simply nodded as not to get the situation more complicated than it was already.

It mustn’t have been the first time the village people saw Reimu walking around, at least hearing the talk about the “Miss shrine maiden” gave him that impression; of course they weren’t used to see him around, and without fail everyone called him “The other shrine maiden”.

If gender distortion field was a danmaku-blocking superpower, he’d be freaking untouchable.

The pair headed to one of the largest building, a two-stories wood and paper building with an iron gate and a large courtyard at the front; considering the amount of ordinary human children present and playing both in and around, it could only be a school.

Of course, once they were in, it was hard to miss her. Just look for the girl with a lunch box on her head.

Other than that, Mokuren was surprised to discover that, in spite he already expected her to be a kind and charming person, her soothing aura could be so powerful. The moment they entered her study, all other sounds and ruckus became distant, and the well-kept but somewhat shoddy building appeared respectfully venerable; the books, shelves and other furniture had an agreeable scent of better old times, as if they could keep all the positive feelings and blatantly ignore the physical effects of time.

"Ah, Reimu, long time no see", her gentle smile was effortlessly charming, she didn’t even need to target him to make him feel like he always belonged there, "I see you brought a guest... My, she looks a lot like you. Are you two relatives?"

"No way", the two said in unison, "She is Mokuren; she’s temporarily my assistant, and she’s a guest in Gensokyo", Reimu continued.

"A guest in Gensokyo", Keine nodded; as expected, it wasn’t the first time, "I see, so you intend to leave her here while you find a way to bring her back? It’ll be troubling for her to assist you from here, thought"

"In fact, I’m not going to station her here", she took a chair and sat down, Moku followed along, "I am here because her case is a bit particular, and I think I might need your help"

She then proceeded to explain the odd circumstances of her arrival, Yukari’s obvious involvement, Yukari’s odd behavior on the topic, and Mokuren’s knowledge and... Interests.

Keine was pondering carefully, but it was hard to tell if it was worry on her face or just some kind of curiosity; up to now, the situation only looked strange, not really dangerous, he thought, as far as I know, I’m still a CR 0 creature here. Assuming we don’t count human Extras, but do they ever?

"Well then, Mokuren", Keine’s smile wiped all of Mokuren’s worries in one fell swoop, "You seem to be pretty informed about Gensokyo through the... Legends spread in your world. You said you need to learn danmaku? Well, you’re the first guest to ever ask that, please understand it is a bit difficult"

"Worry not Keine, I am very patient"

Reimu nodded and rose from her chair, "I am sorry to interrupt so abruptly, but I’m trying to investigate the matter", she turned to Moku, "Mokuren, I’ll send Genji to pick you up before dusk, you stay here and do whatever Keine tells you"

And Reimu left.

"Well, danmaku is very dangerous for ordinary humans, so this is not the most appropriate place for this kind of lesson", Keine stood up and offered another smile, "You don’t mind if we go somewhere else, do you?"

"Absolutely not, please lead the way".

They left the village and stationed in a clearing far enough that no sound could come from civilization; apparently, danmaku could get noisy fast.

"Please execuse me if I’m a bit at a loss, but it’s very difficult to explain danmaku", she started, "To most of Gensokyo’s creatures, it is natural and needs not explaination; if we are to examine it from an academic point of view, we could say that danmaku are the ultimate expression of one’s power in Gensokyo.

"Danmaku are all different from each other, ordinary fairies, ghosts and even youkai have pretty straightforward bullets that originate from their being supernatural creatures, more particular creatures have bullets and patterns that fit their style. Reimu fights with her amulets and the aid of her orbs, her friend Marisa is a powerful magician, there is even a person in the netherworld that combines her flawless swordsmanship with danmaku. The first thing you should do is find a way to express your power and skill".

Mokuren pondered carefully, Well, I’m just an amateur at fencing, but I guess I could focus on that, for now. I’d love to cast spells too, but it’s unlikely Marisa will ever lend something to me, let alone breaking in the Scarlet Mansion to “borrow” some...

"Well, I do have this sword", which he unslinged from his back and laid in front of him, "And am a half-decent fighter; I think I’m best to focus with this for now"

"Very good. Now, the most tricky part is to actually pull out the power you have", she chuckled, "I’m sorry... There’s little I can help you with about that. For what I know, human beings need some sort of pull or kickstart to develop powers; you would be best to find a magic item to draw power from before you start drawing from an inner reserve of yours. Still, I do not know where you could-"

She stopped, and they both turned as they felt an overwhelming presence surprisingly close. As a matter of fact, they weren’t alone anymore; a young woman with long blue hair and red ribbons was watching them and her expression was between the surprised and the... Disappointed?

"Ah! Mokou!", Keine stood up, effortlessly pulling her charming smile on, "I didn’t expect you today..."

"It’s ok", the other girl’s voice wasn’t unpleasant, but sounded like it was blurted out without any care for the ears of the listeners, "I’ll... Come back some other time, sorry to have disturbed you".

As she was starting to leave, Keine reached her, almost rushing to prevent her from escaping, "No, Mokou, it’s fine, really!", she smiled, pointing at Mokuren, "She’s just a human, Reimu asked me to teach her danmaku and..."

"Teach danmaku?", Mokou was between the surprised and the disgusted, "To a human? Only because she got her hands on a magic sword doesn’t mean she has to get all cocky".

Mokuren blinked, "Magic sword?"

"Yeah, magic sword", Mokou repeated, "I think it is magical, because of the symbols and for having seen quite a few swords in my time".

"Well, Mokou, even if you don’t feel like helping, you can stay anyways, it’s really not a problem if-"

"Thanks, Keine", Mokou looked at Mokuren with... What? Jealousy? "I was just going to say hello anyways"

Keine was befuddled, looking between the just-as-befuddled Mokuren and the leaving Mokou. Poor Mokou. Poor emo Mokou, he thought, so he smiled to the hakutaku, "Maybe you should go after her"

"Ah! But..."

"Don’t worry, there’s no hurry for these lessons. Besides", he got up, sword in hand, "You told me there’s little you can actually teach me, did you?".

He smiled, then she smiled back, "Thank you Mokuren. Are you really sure you’re not a relative of Reimu’s?"

Judging from Mokuren’s face, the answer must have been “Fuck NO! In what motherfucking language do I have to say a FUCK NO?”, which caused Keine to giggle, "Really thought, you may not be blood related, but you’re very alike, it’s like you’re her spiritual sister".

This said, she left to recover the emo problem child Mokou, and Mokuren looked at his sword, thinking magical, eh? Well, at least now I have something to start from...


Left alone amongst the cherry trees, he focused on his sword, trying to... Feel something, or learn something, or whatever; I spent at least 24 hours with this item, I should be able to attune with it, I guess I’m a heroic enough mortal by now. How much was it? 1 committed willpower?

If swords could talk, this one would be saying “You’re doing it wrong!”. Mokuren eventually realized it, stopped trying to focus pointlessly on who knows what and started examining the symbols Mokou skillfully noticed.

They weren’t in moonspeak, which was good, but they weren’t in any other language he could understand anyways, well, screw that, he thought, and tried to find a way to blindly activate it.

There was this large, oval, dark blue gem on the flat of the blade, just above the guard; it looked deep, as if there was an entire world of mystical energies inside, he tried to touch it and got a fuzzy, half-warm half-cold sensation through all his body. Groovy! he thought, and he did it again and again, until he became used to the feeling, at the point he could stick his finger on the gem and keep feeling some sort of power flowing, without being disturbed by it.

Very well, I feel like I’m finally getting somewhere, he took a deep breath, letting the early spring air fill his lungs; he took a moment to focus on the peace and sounds of untamed nature, the light breeze filtering through his gihaya. Once all of this became part of his own mind, he adopted a long guard stance, tapping on the blue gem.

The feeling was different, it was as if thought he could feel spring itself if he focused enough; as he started his practice, he started losing track of time, becoming single-mindedly devoted to the purpose of awakening some sort of danmaku-enabling power inside him.

It’s spring, he suddenly thought, and the idea heartened him, for some reason. Maybe he was focusing a bit too much? But he was so close to... Doing something. Yes, it really is spring he thought again, and started suspecting this springjoy wasn’t coming from him.

When he opened his eyes, it’s like he came back from another dimension (or rather: came to an alien dimension from yet another alien one), everything was even more lively and there was something picking up... Wind? No, the breeze was still as light as ever, but...

"IT’S SPRIIIIING"

As if the burst of joy wasn’t strong enough, blue and reddish globes scattered gleefully through the air, coming low enough to fly through the forest, making all the vegetation feel like it could gather twice as much spring essence as ever. Unfortunately, while these things didn’t seem to hurt the landscape at all (quite the contrary), Mokuren felt that he somehow wasn’t entitled to such a selective immunity. And these pretty fast bullet patterns were coming in his direction like a ceiling-tall library falling on him.

"OH SHI-", and only reacting on pure instinct allowed him to evade and firmly deflect three of these bullets to avoid direct contact, grazing against a couple others but taking no damage whatsoever. Once there, he had more or less a couple seconds to think the following:

1 – Wow, my sword can deflect danmaku? Cool!

2 – Oh shit it’s Lily White!

Another barrage of bullets came in his direction (well, actually they were going everywhere, but he was more worried about those going towards him), the pattern this time was made of separate blocks of bullets in horizontal spread, he could’ve ducked behind some and... Had to slide through the others, because he couldn’t surely jump that high.

His sword gave him an odd feedback, it vibrated with joyful energy, as if it absorbed the very essence behind these bullets, Keine said danmaku are the ultimate expression of one’s power, could Lily’s danmaku be the result of this joy?

They sure as hell were, but this didn’t make them less dangerous; he quickly ducked below the first block and discovered there was no way he could fit through the second, nevermind, my sword can block danmaku, after all!

As his back hit a tree after some twenty meters of flight, he discovered that a direct block wasn’t exactly the best idea since BBS feeds. As he landed flat on his face, too stunned to realize he somehow had his spine still intact, he heard something he wouldn’t have liked to hear:

"IT’S SPRIIIIING"

This time the voice was much closer, maybe he had a chance? Without thinking of the consequences, he tapped into his inner reserve of all-or-nothing strength and dashed towards the source...

Only to realize Lily was not only beyond his range anyways, but she was going up, leaving an enveloping bullet pattern behind her.

Oh, this is easy to dodge! he thought as he dived forward, counting on the vibe coming from his sword, which now was giving him some sort of sixth sense, enabling him to “feel” the bullets moving even when they were out of his field of vision. The vibe of spring was now so powerful he felt like he could start firing bullets on his own at any moment.

Now eat this! he thought, just a moment before a grazing bullet hit his sword and made it fly off from his grasp. His sixth sense and vibe zeroed instantly.

"Oops", he said, looking back to see his sword still flying, just a moment before the rest of the bullet pattern smacked hard into him. Hard.

Lily White was, of course, more busy than not expressing her joy about spring and stuff, but she must have noticed that part of her poorly-expressed joy had hit something it shouldn’t have hit. She looked down, and noticed there was a goth miko sprawled face down to the ground with a strange sword a little off of her grasp. As if she suspected being the culprit, she quickly landed at the miko’s side, "Are you ok?", she asked, but the only answer she received was some twitching from the otherwise unmoving body.

Feeling unsure on what to do and seeing there was absolutely nobody around her, Lily started to panic, her mind already imagining the first page of Bunbunmaru News: “Spring Fairy convicted of Murder!”.

"Miss shrine maiden? Miss shrine maiden?? Miss shrine maiden please get a grip!"

"... ow"

To his own surprise, he discovered he was still alive; he couldn’t see much, mostly because he was face down, and his whole body was aching like somebody threw a steamroller at him, and then proceeded to kick his ass.

"Miss shrine maiden you’re alive!", he then felt the fairy hugging him with such a joy of relief he feared she’d shoot danmaku again.

"... ow... air... lungs... can’t... expand..."

"Ah! I’m sorry, miss shrine maiden!"


Lily White certainly didn’t take any first aid class or course or whatever, for she wasn’t supposed to move and drag the body of an injured person without knowing the damage, but what the hell, at least Mokuren was now resting in her lap instead of face-down into the cold ground. It also looked like he didn’t have anything broken, maybe her danmaku isn’t really that harmful? "Ahahah...", she laughed out of embarass, without passion, "I’m sorry miss shrine maiden... When spring comes, I can’t help but fly screaming “IT’S SPRIIIIIING!” and shoot danmaku... I usually never hit humans!"

"Don’t worry...", his voice was still wavering a little, but he was recovering, "I’m fine, just a bit aching"

Lily let (yet another) sigh of relief, "I’m very sorry, miss shrine maiden... But by the way, I thought there was only one shrine maiden in Gensokyo"

"I’m her assistant", he quickly answered before she could come out with strange ideas about blood relationships, "Figure, I was trying to learn danmaku and got hit by some. Can’t say I didn’t learn anything"

To Lily, the idea of “learning danmaku” seemed okay for an apprentice shrine maiden, at least giving she didn’t make any questions, except: "And how are you doing?"

"So far, it’s a blunder", he sighed, "I’m sort of powerless without that sword, and I still can’t use it very well".

"Please don’t lose faith, miss shrine maiden!", Lily firmly clasped his hands, "Danmaku is easy. You have to feel the power of SPRING! flowing through you!"

Thanks, but I felt enough of that on myself for today, still, holding hands with a cute girl was something he didn’t regret at all. He used his other hand to touch the sword, to check if he was still attuned.

This gave him a whole new meaning to the fairy’s words.


He spent the rest of the day at Keine’s house. Most of that time was spent trying to convince her that he was all right, that she didn’t have to worry and that Mokou needed more help than he did; guess this is the day for guilt trips he thought.

"... Still, it’s surprising you’re alive", Keine said with a half-smile.

"Well, they were a spring fairy’s danmaku, it’s not like they’re supposed to kill people..."

"You’re wrong, Mokuren", surprisingly, she was serious about that, which left him quite dumbfound, "Danmaku are harmful to human beings, you should be full of holes by now".

Eerie silence followed, full of holes? So why am I...

"I guess you have developed some power already, so it really is possible for humans to learn danmaku..."

You mean you made me try but weren’t sure yourself? "Oh... I’m on the good way, then?"

"Most likely yes. You already developed a barrier jacket"

Barrier jacket? he thought, and then, somehow, the image of himself in a fancy magical girl dress came to his mind. He tried to rub it off with all his power.

"When you have power, you can use it to protect yourself, that is why Reimu and her friends can survive a danmaku fight even if they’re not youkai. As a matter of fact, I think that the more one becomes powerful, the less human he gradually becomes", for a moment, it’s a bit like she felt sorry for Mokuren, but that glimpse was quickly replaced by her usual smile, "Oh, please don’t mind me... I’m talking nonsense"

You’re not, he thought, I’m sure Mokou knows this pretty well

When Reimu was back, she had eyes that could kill with a glance; luckily, the news about Mokuren’s progresses seemed to up her mood.

"Oh? You got into a danmaku fight already?"

"Not really a fight... Mostly an accident", ‘’most like “I got my ass handed to me on a silver plate” actually’’

Reimu nodded, "Good". Wha? She’s rooting for me? I thought she didn’t approve of this idea.. He blinked, something must have happened to her.

"Mokuren’s a good student, there’s nothing more I can teach him", Keine chuckled, knowing perfectly well she didn’t teach him anything at all.

"I know Keine, looks like he somehow found his way to the cheat codes"

They all laughed... Figure, it was the first time he saw Reimu laugh.

"Oh! By the way, what happened to the spring fairy?"

"Ah... She said she had to keep spreading news of the spring’s come, so I assured her I was fine and... Eventually Keine and Mokou returned"

"Mokou?", Reimu shot an inquiring glance at Keine, "Yes, she came to visit all of a sudden" the hakutaku explained.

"She basically spent all the way back laughing at me", Mokuren chuckled, "Still, it was good to see her in a good mood, she’s much more agreeable like that"

"I’m surprised you find Mokou “agreeable”, but considering you’re some sort of Gensokyo Hijack element, I should stop being surprised at all when I’m around you"

"Did something happen, Reimu?", Keine wondered.

She sighed, "Yukari was nowhere to be found, her shikigami was away as well. That nekomata brat was rather uncooperative, but after asking nicely she said she didn’t know anything, as expected. Marisa’s visiting Mima and won’t be there for a couple days. Unless you know something, Keine, I think we’re back at square one"

Keine shook her head, "I’m sorry Reimu, I wish I could be of help"

"But you’ve been Keine, you’ve been", Mokuren patted her on the shoulder, "Thanks to you, I think I’m starting to learn how danmaku is supposed to work. I was this close to being able to fire one myself" except I’ve been pwnz0rd like a n00b

"Well, thanks for taking care of my guest Keine, but I think we’re better leave now", Reimu then turned, as if she was in a hurry, "Please get on Genji, Mokuren, it’s getting dark already".

On their way back, Reimu was silent, but Moku could clearly feel she was deep in thought about something, something that had to do with him, of course.

"Are you suspecting foul play?", he eventually asked.

"Yukari’s powerful as she is unpredictable, and this is never good news", she sighed, "She usually does her best to annoy me or try to sneak in my house, or in my clothes".

"That youkai pervert...", Moku shook his head.

"But this is the first time I hear of her pulling somebody in Gensokyo and then proceed to save her after intentionally leaving her at the mercy of youkais. I also don’t think it’s a coincidence if you were dropped closer to my shrine than the human village"

"Do you think she wanted me to meet you?"

"That’s what I wanted to ask her. Surely, she somehow knew you’d be weirdo enough to refuse both just going home and staying in a town that doesn’t belong to you", she sighed, looking at Mokuren, "You’re such a bother, sometimes I wonder if you two are working together?"

"I can assure you I don’t", he chuckled, "I would like to ask her some questions myself. On this matter, can I come too next time you visit her?"

Reimu nodded, "I’m glad you asked. Actually, I’m starting to feel that your desire to learn danmaku might be appropriate to the situation. Which makes things even stranger"

He tilted his head, giving Reimu an awkward look, "What do you mean?"

"Sometimes, people get stupid ideas in their heads, and there’s no way to make them change them kindly. Sometimes, you need to become persuasive. This is when danmaku start flying" He paused, he was afraid of where this was going to get.

"If we are to confront Yukari, it’ll be because of you", she gave him a rather scary (but somehow funny) face, "And I don’t want you to lay back and relax while we risk our necks for you; I’m expecting you to do your best to help, even if all you can do is flail uselessly at her direction".

"Uh... I see. I’ll gladly do all I can to help", he smiled, "You think Mokou may need this kind of treatment too?"

"Mokou? Tsk", she shook her head, "Already gave her once, looks like she’ll need a whole lifetime of these to become a decent person", she paused, then looked at Mokuren, smelling something strange, "... You’re not thinking you can turn her into a good girl, are you?"

"Well..."

"Mokou is about as dangerous as Yukari; and last time we gave Yukari a lesson we were in three. If you value your life, please be careful of who you pick a fight with"

Yeah, I guess EX stage bosses won’t cut it for a beginner. There was much wisdom in Reimu’s words.


Once they were back to the shrine, she stopped in the front courtyard, crossing her arms and waiting for Mokuren to look at her and realize she had something to say.

"... Reimu?"

"Show me what you learned today".

She didn’t sound that expectant, or pretentious, or eager, or even interested. Curious, she was curious to see what he might have learned in one day. That’s “nothing”, dummy.

"Uh... Well, I almost learned to do something, but mostly, I guess I just learned I can survive a danmaku fight, assuming my opponent doesn’t want to kill me".

"It’s ok then, I don’t want to kill you", a pair of large, ying-yang orbs appeared at her sides, "I just want to make sure that, when I’ll need you to help me out, you’ll be able to".

"Uh...", he really wanted to explain her that going from Easy mode to Lunatic mode in half a day wasn’t the best idea since chocolate bars, but he had drawn his sword already, just in case she didn’t want to listen, "Thanks, Reimu... But maybe I should first-"

And then, without warning, it started.

Ten seconds later, Mokuren was buried some ten centimeters into the ground, which cracked up to adapt to his form.

"Ah, amateurs are such a bother", Reimu sighed deeply, scratching her head, "Where’s Marisa when I need her to teach boring stuff to people? Ah, nevermind. I’m making dinner tonight, Mokuren, you just cover that hole you’ve made".

Of course, he couldn’t move or speak to agree or disagree or whatever, but deep in his aching mind he was thinking Fuck you, Reimu, fuck you and your balls. 

He found her while he was cleaning the tentacled, non-euclidean mess that was the Hakurei Shrine’s store room.

Her eyes were closed as if in a peaceful sleep, her soft face smooth as ever, as if time could not touch her beauty. Her silken green hair laid streaming against other useless junk, her outfit was as clean as new.

So... Pretty...

Then be blinked himself out of stupor, and his next question was what’s a girl doing in Reimu’s storeroom?

He decided that the most important thing was to drag her out of that mess. Fifteen minutes later, after much tugging and pushing, he managed to barely get her to the door.

“Holy cosplaying Jesus on an Otacon fair, she’s heavy!”, as a matter of fact, she was way too heavy to be a normal human. She wasn’t even breathing, which made everything even more suspicious. I’ve seen this scene already, he thought, there’s something I should check, but I’m sure that if I get my hands anywhere near to her chest, Reimu’s going to “casually” pass by and think I’m a pervert.

The second later, he remembered about his Gender Distortion Field permanent effect, and started a full-body inspection.

“Aha!” he said after discovering something curious on the upper side of her back. “Let’s see... Made in Japan, Product ID 200-1832-76-980, recyclable material, Warning: nuclear reactor inside, report for periodical check to your closest Smart Brain retailer every 500 years, do not abandon carelessly in shrine storerooms”.

Pause. Blinking ensued.

“I wonder if she still works?”, and he started pressing random portions of her skin, looking for some kind of switch, hoping she wasn’t some sort of special-series chobit with embarassing switch placements.

A subtle whirring sound came in response to one of the random spots he pressed, picking up as if all the systems inside her were coming back to life. She slowly opened her eyes, they were the same shade of green as her hair, they were a bit strange at first, they were clearly artificial (unlike the rest of her) from up close, but once they locked on him, it was more like a dream. A fanboy’s dream.

Of course our hero, Mokuren, had a strong mecha musume fetish.

She stood up, then remained immobile for a second, then she tried to clean her maid’s outfit free of all the dust; after such simple processes were done, she gave Mokuren a merry smile.

“Question. Are you my master?”

Say yes, say yes, say yes! the fanboy inside him cried.

“Yes”, he answered, thanks man!

“Very well, my new master. My name is Ruukoto, robot maid at your service”, she made an elegant bow and put up a heartwarming smile, “I remember this to be a familiar place, is my previous master deceased?”

“Uh... No”, she must mean Reimu, did she have a robot maid? Why didn’t she use it, then? “She’s still alive, you can meet her if you want. Actually, I think you should”.

“As you wish, my master. Feel free to command me”.

Must... Avoid... Nosebleed... he thought while bolstering his will to avoid losing blood for real, he really ought to talk to Reimu about this, especially the part where there was a nuclear reactor in the Hakurei Shrine.


“Oh, that Ruukoto”, Reimu simply said when questioned, “I wanted her to help with the chores, but then I forgot about something and it was a bother to get her back online, so I just left her in the storeroom”

How can you be so cold to such a cute girl?, “Well... I agreed to be her master for the time being, if you don’t mind me to”

“Oh, I don’t mind. By the way...”, she turned to Mokuren, interrupting her writing (calligraphy exercies? Was Reimu that much old-school miko?), “I think I came up with a way to speed your danmaku learning”

“Oh?”, he blinked. Any shortcut was good, “What should I do?”

“Well, in short, there’s two ways for human beings to acquire enough power to be on youkai level. The first is being a natural like me, which you obviously aren’t. The second is dig you nose in magic all day long and steal what you can’t acquire; and since we’re going to face tough odds, you’ll be needing to go heavy on cheat codes”

Stealing precious things too, maybe? Sorry, that’s too dangerous, “What am I supposed to do?”

“Well, Marisa’s away... But this is good since she probably wouldn’t want to teach you if she was there”, she nodded sagely, as if contemplating a well laid-out plan, “Well, you go in Marisa’s house while she’s not there and try to learn something out of her books and stuff”

Pause ensued; a spring breeze was moving dust and spreading leaves in the fresh air of silent embarass.

“So...”, he asked, as if both wanting and fearing explaination, “I should barge in Marisa’s house and steal her books?”

“Not steal, just read, you don’t have to take them away. I think she wouldn’t like it, anyways”

She’ll kill me, you dummy, you can’t be serious, but he actually knew she was, “Well... Thanks for the advice. I guess I can have Genji carry me since I don’t know the way?”

“Sure, consider him your personal vehicle until you learn to fly on your own”

“Vehicle...”, he sighed, “Well, thanks, Reimu”, he then turned to Ruukoto, flashing a smile, “Shall we go, then?”

“Yes, master”

Well, he thought, if I’m going to die, at least I’ll die happy.


Genji knew the way until the Forest of Magic, but not really which was Marisa’s house. Fine enough, he thought, it’s not like it’s going to be thriving with activity anyways, he thought.

So, he landed in front of a fancy cottage, built like one of these beautiful country houses from renaissance romance movies, chirping of birds and many flowers included. As a matter of fact, there were flowers and they were also very well-kept; this should have rung an alarm in Mokuren’s head, but it went absolutely unnoticed, like many alarms do in his head.

“So... This must be the place”, he stared at the door, then glanced at Ruukoto. The maid could of course fly, Mokuren was probably the only idiot in Gensokyo that couldn’t. Rinnosuke aside, but being at the same level as Rinnosuke wasn’t really making him feel better.

“It would be most kind to knock first, master”

He nodded and knocked at the door. This way, if she was inside, she may not have master sparked him on sight. Maybe.

No answer came at first, but then the door timidly opened to reveal a cozy interior that warmed the heart, So... Pretty... Wish I had a home like this.

The one who opened the door, however, was about fourty centimeters tall and fluttering with small wings, she smiled adorably as she saw Mokuren, but said nothing.

Wait, he thought, what is this? How did it get into Marisa’s house?

The fluttering girl motioned for Mokuren and Ruukoto to enter, going as far as pulling him by the sleeves. The inside was even cozier than it looked, it was clean, well-kept and colorful; it also had many dolls, some finished and some unfinished, and many pretty clothes. For dolls.

The... Doll that greeted them and pulled them in was wearing black, and it was quickly joined by another dressed in red with blond hair, both seemed pretty happy to have visitors, in spite they were completely unexpected and uninvited, I don’t like where this is going, he thought as he smiled back to appear friendly, whenever stranger girls are acting well and pretty in Gensokyo, it either means they plan to eat you or there’s a big misunderstanding. In either case, it’s no good.

When the flying dolls brought him in the living room, he knew he was toast. There was a young girl sleeping on a table, with a half-done doll gown just nearby; her blonde hair and her blue and white outfits were unmistakeable. And she sure as hell wasn’t Marisa.

The two dolls motioned for him to approach her, the red one was pulling his sleeve while the black one was kicking the girl’s head to wake her up. “Uh... I really don’t think you should...”, but it was too late, she was waking up already. He glanced at Ruukoto, looking for a sign of... Anything. Approval, disapproval, help... But she simply smiled and followed along, of course, she’s not a fully independent robot, he figured. And why did these dolls want him to meet her anyways.

“Uhn...”, she slowly blinked herself awake, still drowsy for the interrupted nap, she tried to focus her eyes on the newcomer, and noticed it was an unfamiliar shape. She then rubbed her eyes to get a better view and tried to look again.

“Ah... Hello”, Mokuren said, giving his friendliest smile.

Three, two, one...

“AAAIEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!”, the girl fell over her chair, pointing a shaky finger at Mokuren, “M-m-m-MEIMU!!”

“Ah ah ah ah...”, he laughed passionlessly, “excuse me but wtf r u doin?”

She was trying hard to catch her breath, whatever she saw in him, it must’ve been damn scary, “M... You’re not... Meimu...?”, she didn’t look so sure herself, “W-who are you? How did you get in?”, she glanced at her dolls, which waved merrily at her, pointing at the intruder.

“Ah... I was looking for Marisa’s house, but your dolls dragged me in for some reason”, he smiled in embarass, “I’m sorry to have scared you... My name is Mokuren, I am a temporary assistant miko at the Hakurei Shrine”, he bowed deeply, “Pleased to meet you”.

She still looked rather shocked, but her breath was becoming regular, she took a handkerchief from her pocket to dry the corners of her mouth, “Oh... Mokuren? Assistant miko? Well, whatever”, she sighed, then gave her dolls a stern look, “Shanghai, Hourai, what did you bring her in for? I don’t like to be disturbed”.

Absolutely ignoring the scolding, Shanghai decided to climb on Mokuren’s head, and Hourai started pulling the girl’s hand towards the miko, “Wha- Wait, no!”, she said, pulling her hand away, but in the end sighing at her dolls’ stubborness, “Well, I guess I can’t blame you for this situation. Since you introduced yourself, I shall do the same”, she took a deep breath and composed herself, “I am Alice Margatroid. Now please leave my house”.

“Yes, sure”, he nodded, “On a side note... I was actually looking for Marisa’s house, but must have got the directions wrong. Could you help me out?”

“Of course, Marisa...”, she paused, blinking, “... Marisa?”, she paused, and must have seen something she didn’t like in Mokuren’s smile, for she crossed her arms and looked away, “... Marisa? Why should I tell you? If you can’t get the directions right, you don’t deserve to meet her anyways”

“Well...”, he scratched his head, “Actually, Reimu never gave them to me, she just told me to go visit her”, he turned to the robot maid, “Ruukoto, do you know the way to Marisa’s house?”

“I do not remember the exact directions”, she promptly answered, “My memory has slightly deteriorated after being abandoned in the storeroom from my former mistress”

Good, he then turned to Alice, Well, at least she didn’t eat me, “Well, Alice, thanks for your comprehension... I’ll be visiting Marisa now. Sorry for intruding”.

“Yeah, yeah”, she said sighing, but as soon as Mokuren was about to leave, she burst out with a “... Why are you looking for Marisa, anyways?”

“Oh”, he smiled, “I’m trying to have her teach me danmaku”

Silence, long stares.

“... Come again?”

“I’m trying to learn danmaku. Reimu said that Marisa could probably teach me”

Silence, longer stares.

“... Are you human?”

“... Yes”

“... And you want to learn danmaku?”

“... Yes”

Pause. “Why?”

He opened his mouth as if to answer, but then closed it, taking some time to actually think, “Long story or short story?”

“Short one please”

“Yukari kidnapped me”

Shanghai was having one big world of fun in undoing and re-tying Mokuren’s back ribbon, she seemed to really enjoy toying with his hair, Hourai was more worried about pulling her mistress’ sleeve and somehow make her have a bit more human contact, which she evidently needed.

“... The not-long-but-somewhat-longer-than-this story?”

Mokuren nodded, “I come from the other side of the Hakurei border, Yukari is responsible for my being here; I would like to find a way to get back, but it seems Yukari is pulling a very odd prank and there might be troubles in getting her cooperate. Since I have to survive as long as I stay here and I am supposed to help in... Convincing her of my needs, I have to learn danmaku”, he tried to stress the have to part as much as he could, “It’d just be wrong if I were unable to fire danmaku while stranded in Gensokyo, I’m having enough problems with this little already, I risked getting eaten once and was almost blown to pieces very recently”

Alice tried to get a hold of her head as if the torrent of words could blow it away, “I see... You’re the sort that just can’t mind her own business, are you?”, she sighed, “So, Reimu told you to ask Marisa”, she paused, “Wait, you know both of them?”

Mokuren nodded.

“And you get to hang out with them, too?”

He nodded again.

“... But surely...”

“Marisa is such a good girl, too”, he added, “She’s a bit of a tomboy, but she’s adorable when she has that roguish grin, I look so forward to spend more time with her”.

A long pause ensued, that’s it, he thought, now she’ll either kill me or stick close to prevent me from stealing her Marisa away. Of course, he hoped for the latter.

“... Heh, as if you could understand Marisa so well”, she chuckled as if there was something to brag about, “I’ve been with her longer than you, there’s no way you know who the real Marisa is. I’m sure she has absolutely no interest in a weakling such as you; please save your time and give up already”

Hah! Score! He thought with a devilish, inner grin, “Still, my determination is strong and my need is just as strong. I must have somebody to teach me, or I will learn myself, but I have to learn and have some sort of master. And Reimu is too lazy to”

“Marisa is not the teacher you are looking for”

“She’s human, and she has learned her powers like I’m trying to. Everybody has to start from somewhere”

“Well, look for another one”

“The only other is Reimu, and she’s a natural, she can’t teach me”

It was clear she couldn’t budge him from his task, at which point she gave him a cold glare, “Very well then... But don’t say I didn’t warn you”


Comes out that Alice and Marisa didn’t really live that far off from each other; of course Mokuren knew that black’n’whitey wasn’t there, but he had to play dumb. Also, the situation was getting pretty merry, with Shanghai, Hourai and Ruukoto playing together while flying (and only after Ruukoto was given explicit permission; Mokuren still didn’t get used to the fact she was a robot).

“It’s a... Big doll you have”

“It’s a robot”, Mokuren explained, “It was Reimu’s, but she neglected it and I became her master. I’m still getting used to the fact she won’t do anything unless I tell her so...”

For a moment, Alice showed something that looked like empathy through her eyes, but it was quickly hidden, “Well, independent dolls are the peak of a puppeteer’s skill, an amateur like you certainly cannot reach it, especially considering you still can’t fire danmaku”

Mokuren nodded, “Yesterday I was pretty close, thought, but my sword got ganked away and... Well, I still can’t access my inner power, so once I’m disarmed, I’m sort of toast”

“You shouldn’t go tell your weak points around”

He chuckled, “Weak point? I got kicked by Lily White, let’s be serious... You don’t need to know my weak point to pwn me”

They landed, and of course Marisa’s house was empty, and nobody answered their knocks.

“Well, duh, looks like she’s out”, was Mokuren’s innocent comment.

“Tough luck”, Alice sighed, and looked at Mokuren, “Well... Looks like your training will have to wait”.

“Oh well, I’ll try to wait for a while to see if she gets back”, he drew his sword, he tapped on the gem, and was filled with that fuzzy sensation that fused with him; he didn’t need to keep touching it to keep contact now, just grasping the hilt was enough, “May be a good time to see if I can get to fire something myself”

“Oh, please take your time”.

So, Alice sat down near the entrance, the two dolls and the robot were becoming friends, and Mokuren was focusing, trying not to giggle at his devilish plan, Alice x Marisa is my favorite couple, he thought, I’m so looking forward to see some hot yuri action... Oh boy, why isn’t Marisa back already?

In the end thought, he had to try focus, so he closed his eyes and took a deep breath.

The feelings were pretty different, the theme was “control” this time, he almost felt the strings of a puppeteer around himself and Alice. Upon further examination, he almost felt some faint, red strings actually connecting from them to their respective dolls; Alice’s strings were stronger but also softer, while Mokuren had... Strange, glowing greenish strings that didn’t even look physical.

There was also another link, a flickering golden string, between him and Alice; it was extremely unstable, as if not completely ready, and sometimes it changed color without warning, but it was there. This has to mean something, is this how a newborn relationship looks?

It was all peaceful in a way, the three artificial friends a growth of merry, colorful strings interlacing with each other. Strings, colorful strings.

He felt a slight wind picking up around him as he concentrated his mind and magical energies; the sword was helping him out much more than it previously did, he could now clearly feel the flow of magical energy, the same way he felt Lily’s spring joy.

Strings, he thought, and tried to mix Lily’s feelings with that. Streams resulted, and he focused on that.

Streams, he thought, and knew it couldn’t cut it.

Lazer, he thought, since laser is not difficult.

He opened his eyes and noticed there was an actualy visual display of his own power; eerie blue and white lights were dancing lazily around him, as if recollecting against tough odds and only with the great aid of his sword; a fickle blue and black/red aura was flaming at his feet, it radiated no heat but created a vague circle around him.

Moku-beeeeeeam! He mentally shouted while aiming for a safe spot up in the sky.

Four semi-ethereal blue and white streaks of energy darted across and around his sword, shotting out from the tip. Control, his sword let to him, and he focused on the energy beams, making them twirl and change direction; it was very tough, and eventually he lost control and they dissipated in the air.

“Oh. Homing lasers. Not bad for an amateur”, said Alice, looking up from her book with as much of an unimpressed face as possible, “Still too slow and unaccurate to actually hit something”.

“Well, considering it’s the first time I can shoot something, I’m pretty satisfied already”, and he indeed was satisfied. Now he could shoot Lily White down before she could knock him out again!

... Well, except she’s going to hit me a hundred times before I get these things close to her, he realized.

So, he tried again, and a Moku-beeeeeeeam! later, a more solid and compact energy beam shot from the tip of his blade, drawing a red and yellow straight line to the sky.

Wow. Lazer is really not difficult.

“Say, Meimu”, Meimu?, “How come you live with Reimu?”

“Mh, long story”, he wasn’t losing his focus in spite he wasn’t putting all his mind into it, it was getting easier by the moment, “I befriended a youkai and had her carry me there. It was the closest place from where I was”

“Did you meet Marisa there?”

“Yes”, he smiled, “It’s thanks to her if I’m not Reimu’s food. Humans don’t usually eat each other, but Reimu looked like she would that time”.

“Oh”, for some reason, Alice looked more relaxed from these news, I won’t steal her from you, don’t worry, I hate to split couples, he thought, as if mentally comforting her, Besides, there’s way more than a couple with Marisa, she keeps on stealing precious things everywhere.

“I remember the first time she tried to give me a lesson”, he chuckled, “I didn’t even have this sword, so I couldn’t summon any magic power at all. Yet she wanted me to do a master spark. I guess she was just trying to brag”.

“Oh, there’s no way you could ever do a master spark”, she smiled, “Seeing the troubles you have with something as trivial as ordinary danmaku. They’re not even much of a barrage”.

“I’m still trying to learn single shots well, I can’t fire dozens at a time yet”.

So he kept practicing for a while, shooting single lasers, twin lasers, homing lasers, but being absolutely unable to shoot ordinary bullets, I guess they’re not that easy, I can only manage to focus and release for now, only thing that can come out is a laser. But hey, it’s one hell of a progress.

Maybe he could stand a chance against Cirno now?


Eventually, a witch flying on a broom landed in the proximity; or rather, right in front of her house.

“Yo, Meimu!”, she promptly said. Why Meimu? Why did she start doing so just now, too?

“Ah! Marisa!”, Alice promptly stood up to her feet, her dolls following, “I... Er...”

“Oh, if it’s not Alice, what are you doing here?”, she smiled that roguish smile that said who cares, I’m so cool I can handle anything at any time, “What are you both doing here, ze?”

“Reimu said to ask you to teach me danmaku”, he paused, “Well, I was supposed to barge in your house and borrow books, but I thought it would’ve been nicer to wait for you”

“Why, why, good Meimu! You’re so clever, ze!”, and she patted him on the head.

Alice, of course, was as red as red could ever be perceived by the human retin. A bit more red and she would have gone in the infrared, outside the perception range of the human retin, “Hey, thanks Mari”, he answered, unintentionally tipping Alice’s berserk gauge higher.

“W-Well, since I have things to do, I’ll be leaving!”, Alice snap closed her book and turned to leave, “Huh? Going already?” asked Marisa, not feeling the hunch.

Ouch, no! I have to repair! “Well, Alice, things are becoming interesting only just now, could you please stay a little bit longer? It’d be a pity if you left now that Marisa came...”

“I-I didn’t come to see her! I... I just showed you the way”, she nodded as if to convince herself, “Yes, that’s it”. The two dolls looked at each other and sighed.

“Yeah, do you want to test Meimu’s progresses? I’m not bad as a teacher, but you can give it a try if you want”, Marisa’s words couldn’t have been any charming at all, but her face and smile... Oh boy, here’s the heartstealer witch.

“Uh... N-no”, Alice crossed her arms, “She’s just an amateur, my precious skills would be wasted on the likes of her”.

“Well, I’m ready for a bit of test”, Meimu Mokuren let a couple, skilled practice swings with his sword, and then set it towards Marisa with a friendly smile, “Just remember I just learned to shoot, I still can’t fly and all, so try to go easy on m-”

“MASTER SPARK!!!”

When both the flash and the boom dissipated, Mokuren was standing at the beginning of a long line of turned earth and shattered trees; he was of course blackened like a bomb exploded in front of him. He was of course not moving at all, not able to move, and too shocked to realize he was supposed to fall on his back, barrier jacket or not.

“Ooops”, said Marisa, as if the shadow of doubt crossed her mind for a moment, “Did I overdo it, ze?”

Alice blinked, then looked at Marisa. Her mind was like an open book, it read: Rival gone, proceed to objective. “Well, she got the lesson she wanted, now mind if we go in? It’s getting a bit cold outside...”

“Are you ok, master?”, asked Ruukoto with a slight hint of worry in her voice, Alice’s dolls too went to check on him, and even looked more worried than the robot maid.

“... cough... “, was his answer.

“Sure, let’s go in, I’ll make some tea”, Marisa offered, “Meimu! You come in, too!”.

This, Alice didn’t like, but at least she got to enter before Meimu Mokuren did, and close the door behind herself.

“... Ruukoto?”

“Yes, master?”

“... Can you... Please... Clean me a bit?”

“Gladly, master”

As the ash and dust was getting blown off of him, he started to feel sensitivity come back to his body; laser is motherfucking difficult, he thought. 
In the end, Genji returned at the shrine without Meimu. Or Mokuren, whichever he/she is.

It was because of a sudden attack of “Sleepover at Marisa’s” that struck everyone inside her house. Of course, being that Marisa didn’t even have a guest room, they were all sleeping in the same one.

And while Ruukoto, Shanghai and Hourai were fine enough sleeping on the floor, none between Mokuren, Marisa and Alice wanted to. No problem, there was a pretty large bed anyways.

And this is how Mokuren got stuck in a bed with two other girls, three more in the same room, and absolutely no way he could close an eye. Especially because those girls talked in their sleep.

“Nnnmh... Reimu... I won’t *snore* lose to you...”, and she grasped Mokuren’s hand firmly, more than before at least. Marisa was in the middle, and she was sprawled so much that she took almost half the bed herself; Alice was more cuddled (against Marisa) and while Mokuren tried to stay as close to the edge as possible, he was overlapping with Marisa’s legs. That, and she grasped his hand at a certain point, and didn’t let go.

Can’t sleep, he thought, can’t sleep. They’re too cute, and I get the feeling that if I fall asleep, I’ll miss some hot sleepwalking yuri action.

“Ah! Marisa!”, was Alice’s whispered shout in her sleep, “Don’t... Take my precious thing away...”, and she clinged closer to her, “... I wanna give it to you, myself...”

Mokuren got up, I’ll get my coat...


He didn’t really have a coat, just his non-conventional chihaya, but somehow he didn’t really feel cold outside when wearing it; and even if he did, his body temperature was high enough from the previous situation that he could’ve survived a snowstorm. He also didn’t really have anywhere to go, just wanted to take a walk and relax until he got tired enough he could sleep until next morning even in that kind of situation. It’s not the first time I sleep with girls, damnit, I just need to get it together.

Getting it together in Gensokyo, however, was the most difficult thing since Java programming, and the nights fell so fast it was almost as if darkness swallowed him.

Wait, whatever happened to starlight? As a matter of fact, he should have been able to see something, but it looked like a globe of darkness swalloed him for real, he could barely see where he was going. Until he stopped, because it was a bit too strange.

“Yay! I found a miko-san!”, came a childish voice, somewhere above, “Is this how they turn when the night falls and the full moon is in the sky?”

The image of a were-miko embedded itself in Mokuren’s brain. It wasn’t coming out.

“Uh, I’m like this even when the sun is up, you know”, he answered, boy, which is the piece of equipment that quadruples my random encounter chance? I better get rid of it, now, “By the way, who are you? And why is it so dark?”

“Ah!”, she came close enough that he could see her... It was a small girl, dressed in a plain black gown with a white shirt under that; her bright blond hair and red eyes spoiled the chamaleon effect of her dress, but she was still hard to spot from afar, “You’re not bird-eyed like the other miko-san! You must be a better person”

“I definitely am”, he drew his sword as pure reflex, you can never be too sure around weird girls, “You know the other miko?”

“Of course! Everyone does!”, her smile was far from pure and innocent, but it did look good on her, and she was cute anyways. Well, at his fourth day in Gensokyo, Mokuren’s Moe Overload Antibodies(tm) were probably pretty hardened anyways. “She is very strong, are you very strong too, miko-san?”

“Name’s Mokuren, and let’s say I’m learning”, honest enough, “So, are you too wandering because you can’t sleep?”

“No, I’m wandering because night is when I live”, the unnatural darkness faded, he could now see her much more clearly, “And I also take a point in testing the strength of those I haven’t met yet”

“Very well”, he readied his sword, poising and pointing it at the child youkai, “I won’t disappoint you”.

Crap, crap, crap, he thought, I still can’t fly, I’m going to be pwned! Only chance I have is to hit her before she can pull anything strange...

“BEEEEEEEEEEAAAM!!!”, suddenly, the girl fired a powerful red eye beam, lighting the forest in a whole creepier light.

WTF? thought Mokuren, before aiming his own sword and going “BEEEEEEEEAAAM!!!”.

The red and blue beams clashed against each other, sending off sparks and violent bursts of air and also lighting the forest like an 80s’ disco in broad daylight, the sheer DBZ effect could have sent the two contestants flying away in opposite directions if they weren’t each putting all their mights into the fray.

As if under implicit agreement, both beams eventually faded at about the same time, the two were looking at each other, carefully studying their next move.

“Wow, you’re really strong miko-san!”, she looked happy, “You’re a worthy apprentice of red’n’white”

“Well, thanks”, omg somebody just made me a compliment! “You’re not bad either. May I know your name?”

“Sure!”, she giggled, and yes, she still had her arms spread open like a cross, “I am Rumia, the youkai of darkness”

“Very well Rumia”, he was a bit more relaxed now, but still felt it was a bad idea to let his guard down, “Shall we have another go at it?”

“Sure!”, and they were both ready to give all they had this time.

“BEEEEEEEEEAAAAM!!!”

“BEEEEEEEEEAAAAM!!!”

The 80s’ disco returned, but this time it was heavy on crack and determined to disco dance until the whole world fell down to hell to disco dance with the devil himself. Mokuren wasn’t surprised to hear the ground cracking beneath his feet, he wasn’t surprised to see the trees being this close to being uprooted either; it’s bad, thought, if I keep going like this, I’ll run out of energy, and I’m pretty sure she has more than I do, he eventually realized, I better give all I have now before it’s too late. So, he hardened his grip on the sword and burst out his last bits of magical power.

“BEEEEEEEEEAAAAM!!!”

“BEEEEEEEEEAAA-chu!”

She sneezed, and he had a split-second to notice that her beam, of course, fell apart, and he was going to hit her, hard. Crap! and he somehow tried to disrupt his own beam.

It split and streaked into four nonlinear and much slower beams, homing lasers as Alice called them, and they erratically shoved past Rumia’s figure, grazing her but clearly missing her hitbox.

... That was a close one, he thought as he let a sigh of relief, but wait, why did I spare a hit anyways?

“Wow, you’re really very strong, Moku-oneesama!”, the child giggled and drifted down closer to his level, “I’m beaten, you’re stronger than my eye beam”.

Moku-oneesama? What is this shit? Was his first train of thoughts, but he felt his own feelings hurting beyond possibility and thus tried to not think about it, “Ah... I see. You’re not bad either”

“Moku-oneesama, wanna play with me tonight?”

“Ah...”, he scratched his head, “I’d love to, really... But I still can’t fly” because I figure she’d want to play in the skies, like any sane person in Gensokyo.

“Eeeeh? You can’t fly?”, she blinked, considering such confession beyond believability, “That’s bad, my Moku-oneesama can’t can’t fly!”

Ignoring her grammar, he tried to explain something in the lines of “Well, I’m still new to this, and somehow I haven’t found a way to fly. I don’t know what I’m missing, I just can’t”

She seemed to think about it, and Mokuren could clearly hear the creaking and squeaking of old, unused gears being forced to spin in her head, until there was a “clack”.

“I know!”, she said, taking Mokuren by hand, “I know what you need!”

“Wha-”

And somehow, she pulled him along in the night sky.

“WHA?”, he was flying. No, he wasn’t really flying, he was just being carried, by hand, in the sky. At night. With a kid.

No good.

“Moku-oneesama, do you like flying?”, he had experiences with the feelings of flight already, but he was sitting on the back of a giant turtle at that time, and my life wasn’t in the hands of a retarded youkai!

“Eh... Well, yes, I do”

“Moku-oneesama, why do you want to fly?”

He blinked. Wait, this question makes sense, it struck him like a lightning for how incredibly strange it was, actually, it’s right on the spot. Wasn’t she supposed to be a joke character?

“Well... I’m not sure”, he tried to answer, “I guess... I guess I want to fly because I need to”

“That’s no good, Moku-oneesama!”, she looked honestly worried, “You need a reason to fly!”

A reason? He thought he had enough of a reason already. Being stranded in Gensokyo, having to learn danmaku and everything.

... Or not?

“Moku-oneesama, you’re good at danmaku for being a human”, and you call that DBZ thing a danmaku? “So you must be able to fly, you just haven’t found your heart to”.

It was clearly a childish argument. Or not? He couldn’t fly after all, in spite he had the power to fire and resist danmaku, so he really did miss something. Was that his reason to fly? The kid must be right, why do I want to fly after all?

He wasn’t aware of the face he was making while thinking, but whatever it was, Rumia approved, “That’s my Moku-oneesama!”, and she released the grip.

Gravity was happy.

WTF I’M FALLING! He was obviously thinking, but traces of I still wonder what is my reason to fly were hanging in his brain cells. They were being overridden, but quietly resisting. That stupid kid, why’d she carry him up there and then let him go to splat on the ground like a rotten peach from a tree? And that was a bad image, by the way.

I guess I just wanted to be able to do something for myself was his background thinking as that pesky girl called Gravity was gently asking him to come closer and closer, I don’t want to depend on Reimu, or Yukari, or Marisa. They’ve been very kind in letting me freeload and whatnot, I have to return something. Also, it’s fucking fun, and I want to have this fucking fun while I can.

“Rumia, you DUMMY!”, he shouted at her, “People fall if you let them go! And if they fall from this high they die!”

“Kyuuuuun! Moku-oneesama flies!”, and she hugged him like he really was some kind of big sister.

Oh, true, I’m flying, he realized. Somehow, he matched Rumia’s speed too, as if he felt that some part of his reasoning on how to fly resonated with hers. Well, now that I think of it, it’s as if I unlocked something in myself thanks to that, but wasn’t this the kind of not-mine feeling I tend to get when I wield my sword? Which instead was sheathed on his back.

“Now go, Moku-oneesama!”, said Rumia climbing on his back, “Go! Fast!”

“Oh. Yeah...”, he kept going, no faster than before, “Uh... How do I accelerate?”

Silence.

“... Do a barrel roll!”


She was recovering, she didn’t feel as bad as she did before. Humiliated in front of a human, called a boy, comforted by a human... Eesh, better forget about that.

She was the mistress of the plains, by night all of the bugs were in her power; she was the mistress of them all, she could roam the whole plains as her legitimate mistress, the night would have known to fear her again!

In the distance, however, lied the threat. She could hear their voices already:

“Moku-oneesama, over here!”

“Aren’t we going a bit too far, Rumia?”

“It’s ok! I am the legitimate mistress of the night! I can go wherever I want!”

It’s quite clear that this wasn’t her night.

The two flying figures came closer, she recognized Rumia’s voice (that little brat!) and she thought she heard the other voice already, but where?

“Oh, let’s stop by and ask, there’s someone over there”, he said.

As she saw the two approaching, her eyes widened. Fear, horrible fear, the kind that can only come after seeing something terribly wrong. “M-M-MEIMU!!!!” she screamed, almost tripping over herself.

“Oh? It’s Wriggle”, said Mokuren.

“Hi Wriggle!”, said Rumia.

Wriggle said nothing.

The three just stared at each other for a long, embarassed moment; they were close enough that there couldn’t be any doubts on each other’s identity, but somehow the situation still looked odd.

“Well, what a coincidence. Hi Wriggle! Remember me?”

She blinked, Meimu was talking to her? Meimu even existed? And she met her already?

“Uh... Wriggle?”

“Moku-oneesama, what did you do to her?”

“Nothing, uh...”, he blinked, looking at his own chihaya, “Oh, this? Ah ah ah... Long story. It’s me, Mokuren; don’t you remember?”, he blinked again, “Yukari, road sign... You brought me at Reimu’s place...”

It was him, the human that comforted her. And the human that looked good in girls’ clothes, too. Oh, yes, they were the same person. “... Mokuren?”

“Ah, so you do remember”, he smiled, “I’m glad to hear that. How have you been, Wriggle? I see you got back to your previous clothes”

She blushed, suddenly remembering what happened back then, “Of course I... I- I don’t know what you’re talking about!”, she turned, “And why’d you bring that Rumia brat?”

“Moku-oneesama is my Moku-oneesama now!”, yes, thanks Rumia, now I know Wriggle thinks I’m an idiot. And a pervert.

“I’m trying to make friends. I’m doing pretty good so far”, they landed, the fresh (actually pretty cold) early spring night breeze was blowing through the plains like the first day they met, wait, does this mean she’s some kind of Gensokyo childhood friend to me? I hope not, because that would mean only one thing...

“Well... It’s good you do”, she was still blushing, looking sideways at him as if fought between rooting for him and playing tough girl, “Because... It’d be a bother if you were to sulk to me everytime. Really, I’m not here to babysit you, you know...”

TSUNDERE! he realized, pseudo-childhood friend and tsundere! I’m done for!

“Don’t worry Wriggle, I’m doing fine. Besides, it’s good to hear from you too, it’s bad not to check on friends every once in a while, he he he...” what are you doing you idiot? You’re not helping!

“Ah... Uh...”, she shook the blush away, “Well, what did you want anyways?”

“We came here to play!” said Rumia.

“... Here? To play?”, Wriggle blinked, “Why here?”

Silence.

“Moku-oneesama can do barrel rolls!”, Rumia gladly proclaimed.

“This... Doesn’t answer”, Wriggle sighed.

“Well”, Mokuren felt like he had to intervene before things got to make even less sense than they were already, “It’s not important since we’re here already. So, Wriggle, what do you want to play?”

“Why would I want to play with you?”

“Because we’re friends?”, he smiled.

“Friends!”, repeated Rumia.

“Friends!”, repeated Mystia.

The breeze was blowing through the plains like the first time they met, but this time it was also carrying rolling balls of dry grass.

Everyone turned to look at the night sparrow girl, who in turn seemed delighted to have everyone’s attention. “Hi!” she even said.

“Where’d you come out from?”, asked Mokuren.

“Are you here to play too?”, asked Rumia.

“Play? Yes!”, Mystia gladly answered.

Great, so this is how the (9) team works... he realized. Wriggle must have been thinking something very similar given the way they were looking at each other, but in the end he just shrugged and played along, “So, what are we going to play?”

“Let’s eat the bug!”

“WHA-?”

“Ah ah ah... Humans don’t eat bugs. Not cute ones at least”

“WHA-?”

“Let’s do a barrel roll!”


In the end, they’ve been just killing time together for the whole night; Wriggle had a vast knowledge of the most curious (and luminous) bugs that lived in Gensokyo, Rumia was so good at talking nonsense and looking like a perfectly cute idiot that she was entertainment incarnate, and Mystia had the most wonderful and moving singing voice ever heard to human ears.

Mokuren himself didn’t knew what he did to contribute, but it looked like “being Meimu” was more than enough reason for the girls. It’s good they think I’m good company, helps me get my relationship chart more intricate.

He didn’t really have an idea of how much time was flying past, but he did have an idea of how much fun he was having, looks like youkais weren’t too bad once they weren’t thinking about eating you. Also, looking up at the night sky, so full of stars, while sprawled down in a grassy plains with three cute girls at one’s fingertips was priceless.

“It feels great out tonight”, he said.

“Uh-uh, it sure does”, Mystia inhaled deeply, releasing a contented sigh; she didn’t even bother asking who he was, she was happy enough with accepting he was either Meimu or Moku-oneesama. Go, go (9) team and stuff.

“I guess I’ll have to go back before it’s dawn thought, I have a tough day tomorrow”

“But moku-oneesama, you’ll come play again, won’t you?”

“Yes”, he smiled, “Yes, I certainly will”

He looked sideways at Wriggle, she looked sideways at him, and they just stared at each other for a while.

“... Just to make it clear”, Mokuren felt he had to say, “I’m not crossdressing because I have a choice”

Wriggle just nodded, “Uh, yeah, figured that”

He let out a sigh of relief. Then he stopped. Then he looked at her again, “... Wait, you mean you know I’m a man?”

“Uh?”, she looked confused, “Well, yes. You obviously don’t look like one, but you are”, she blinked, “... Or not?”

“Yes, yes, I am, just...”, he paused, “You have no problem with that?”

Pause. “... No”. She wasn’t sure if this was the good answer.

Another pause. Longer.

The moment later, he glomped her like she was the perfect cosplay of Mikuru, or Mikan, or Osaka, or...

“THANK YOU!”, he shouted out of pure joy, squeezing and snuggling her like there was no tomorrow, “THANK YOU! THANK YOU!”

“Whoa! Moku-oneesama is getting me a sister in law!”, Rumia smiled, “Kyuuuun! I have a bigger family now!”

“is this loli?”, was Mystia’s more straightforward question, but she was smiling sheepishly. The bastard.

Oh shit it’s true! he realized and reared back from Wriggle... Who still looked pretty shocked.

“Ah... Uh... Sorry, it’s just that...”

“... Get... Off... ME!”.

Whatever danmaku she shot, it sent him flying and landing heavily on his back. But his barrier jacket must have improved, because he could get up after that, “Ow... S-sorry”, he chuckled, mostly out of embarass, well, guess I deserved that.

“Now we have to get you married!”, Rumia’s enthusiasm was harder to kill than Yuyuko in Lunatic mode, “But wait... We need a miko to marry you, but what if Moku-oneesama is a miko? Can she marry herself?”

“I-I’m not getting married to anyone!”

“Y-yeah... Girls, you’re misunderstanding”, he had to try something out before it was too late, “We’re just... Very good friends”.

“Forbidden relationship”. The omnious tone in Mystia’s words sent the temperature way below zero, Mokuren could feel the heavy red string of doom being forecefully tied around him and Wriggle by the laws of Anime Relationships and Misunderstandings 101, “A secret love between a human and a youkai... Uh uh uh... I wonder what will happen if people learn this?”

“T-there’s no way that will happen... You’re getting it wrong I say!”, he was deep purple with shame, but in the end, I like this people, he thought, and smiled.


Far above in the night sky, while the four were talking and shouting and quarreling and having their great time, an unnoticed figure was taking note of everything. The camera was tight in her hands, but her eyes were lagging behind, shocked at the thought of what she has just witnessed; a little bit of blood was slowly trickling from her nose, dripping from her chin and to her white dress.


The morning later, Marisa and Alice were looking strange at the bed.

“... You hit her too hard, Marisa”, said Alice.

Marisa was scratching her head, “Uh... She looked fine until we went to bed, ze”, she stated, unable to tell what happened to the miko, “I guess she felt the aftereffects while sleeping?”

Mokuren was, of course, sprawled in bed, with the tired expression of one who didn’t get any rest at all in the night and was starting to just about now; after seven failed attempts at waking him, the two started realizing there was no way to get him back on his feet.

“Well, it can’t be helped. Ruukoto?”

“Yes, what can I do?”

“Please look after your mistress, ze”

“Yes, I will stay by her side until she wakes up”

“Thanks, ze!”, she grinned and put her hat on, “So, Alice, what do you want for breakfast?”

“Ah... Uh... Anything’s fine”

“Come on, ze!” and she patted her on the back, with energy and youthful enthusiasm, “I know what you like so why not blurt it out already?”

And their voices slowly faded as they went downstairs. But Mokuren couldn’t hear them, he was in his dreams, taking a break from all the adventures he has had in the meantime. 
He watched her fly carefree in the clear afternoon sky, the wind blowing through her fancy gown like her favorite playmate, her expression speaking of bliss and almost childish joy.

Yet, her white gown had blue ribbons and laces.

“Yukari!”, he called, “Why are you blue?”

“Ara, ara!”, she answered, “It’s because I’m player 2!”


The room was unfamiliar and the bed was large, but the sun shone very clearly through the window; as a matter of fact, he couldn’t see very well, the sudden change of lighting sort of dazed him.

“Mistress? Mistress?”, it must have been the tenth time she called, but he heard her just now.

He looked up to see Ruukoto peering at him, then smiling as he returned the gaze, “Good morning mistress, I’m glad to see you’re fine”

He sighed, “So... It was just a dream”, he used his hand to shield his eyes from his light while he was still getting used to it, it’s good, a player 2 Yukari is pretty scary.

“It is almost noon, mistress”, Ruukoto said, “Your friends have left on an errand but will be back for lunch, is there something you desire in the meantime?”

Desire? In the meantime?, he blinked, looking down at himself, well, I’ve overslept, skipped breakfast and all, I don’t think I’m making a good impression. He got up, “Ruukoto, can you cook?”

“Yes, mistress”

He nodded, “Very well, an assistant will come in handy”, he smiled, “Show me the way to the kitchen...”


When Alice and Marisa were back, they found a scent coming from the kitchen that screamed “Italian hijack lol”; of course, their expression were priceless.

“Sorry for oversleeping girls”, he smiled, “I hope I can bribe some forgiveness with food?”

They both blinked, then Marisa pointed at him, “See Alice? That’s why I love this girl”

“EEEEEEH?”

“Ah ah ah... I’m just sorry I left my recipe books at home”, he glanced at the set up table, “I made some insalata di coniglio to go with the capunsei saltati, and there’s medaglie di cinghiale after that”, he said to explain what the dishes were, “They’re actually summerish dishes already, I hope you don’t mind...”

They didn’t.

“Oh, yeah, Meimu”, said Marisa after she felt her tummy full enough, “What’s actually left for you to learn? Fly, wasn’t it?”

“Actually...”, he paused, should he tell them about his night adventures? They would probably get pissed if they were to learn he had been roaming around alone instead of sleeping while he was their guest. Maybe they wouldn’t (especially Marisa), but his sense of morals had him keep his lips shut, “... I think I’m pretty close to that”

“Really?”, Marisa quirked an eyebrow, “What makes you think so, ze?”

“I think you hit her so hard that she got overconfident”, was Alice’s comment.

“I think you hit me so hard I absorbed some of that magic power, so I guess I have enough to fly now”, was Mokuren’s utterly ridiculous lie.

“Oh, please, as if-”

“Very well, ze!”, Marisa stood up with that roguish grin of hers, “This saves me the trouble of carrying you”

Good, she actually bel- Wait, what?, he blinked, “... Carry me?”

“Oh, yeah, I have to stock up on my collection of books”, she said with the most innocent expression on her face, Stock up? You mean “steal”, don’t you?, “And since Meimu’s new to this and all, this will be her baptism of fire!”

The sun was particularly cozy that day, and its beams were like hugging Mokuren’s skin in a warm comforting hug.

“Marisa, that’s reckless!”, Alice stood up, of course she didn’t agree with that course of action, “You can’t always go there and steal things! One day or the other, somebody will become angry!”

“Ah, Alice, you crybaby, I know you’ll tag along anyways, ze”, she then pointed her finger at Meimu, “And she needs some actual, on-field experience or she’ll never learn, ze”

He couldn’t hear cicadas cry because it wasn’t summer yet. It was early spring, and in early spring, you don’t hear cicadas cry. You hear the singing of many birds that Mokuren couldn’t recognize, but that was about it.

“But... Marisa! She’ll just slow us down, it’s enough of a bother if we both go at once, don’t you think they’ll throw a scene if we come three at a time?”

“Voile is big, you still haven’t seen that seventh section past A-31 that you talked to me about for two full weeks since our last visit. Come to think of it, you stopped only recently, have you given up already?”

“G-given up? As if!”

I’m going to be carried into a Scarlet Mension raid. I guess I’m as good as dead, this time. He sighed, of all the things he should have never done if he was ever stranded in Gensokyo, he was about to do the #1 on the list.

“But... What if we get into a fight, Mari?”, he tried to keep a calm voice as not to betray his emotions of utter terror, “I don’t think I can hold my own against the likes of the Scarlet Mansion’s crazy inhabitants...”

The kick connected to his face like a slap, only harder, and too fast to let him get a glimpse of the drawers below the skirt, “No good! That’s not the spirit Meimu! If we get into a fight, you have to fight!”, she jumped on the table, as if giving a clear example of what the correct spirit was, “You have to stand your ground, look straight at their faces and show them that THIS. IS. GENSOKYOOOOOO!!!”

And this is how Mokuren got a glimpse of three hundred winter fairies sacrificing their lives in a last, heroic resistance before the armies of Lily White took over the lands of Gensokyo.

He also got a glimpse of Marisa’s drawers, yes.


Of course, Mokuren wasn’t too fast, so the other two girls had to slow down to his speed; Alice used that as an execuse to complain about Meimu’s Mokuren’s lack of progress, or supposed such, I guess she still thinks of me as a rival. Aww, she’s so cute when she’s jealous...

“Ah! There it is!”, said Marisa.

And there it was. The Scarlet Devil Mansion, a magnificently elegant piece of renaissance-era european architecture, its gothic influences were clear but not overwhelming. The closer it came, the more awe it inspired in Mokuren’s heart, it was impressive and beautiful, and somehow, it feels like home...

He shook his head, the european influences must have got to his head, this is the Scarlet Devil Mansion. This is going to become my grave, not my home. On second thought, the idea of calling the Scarlet Mansion “home” was scarier.

“So...”, he tried to say, afraid of the answer he might get, “What’s the plan?”

Marisa blinked, “What plan, ze?”

“The plan to break in”

Silence ensued, they were getting so close they could almost see inside the windows now.

“We break in and stuff, what are we supposed to plan, ze?”

He sighed, “Well... I don’t know, but breaking in from the front door doesn’t sound like a good idea. Isn’t it guarded, anyways?”

As a matter of fact, he thought he saw someone at the front gates. Yes, they really were coming from the front, talk about tactics.

“Yes, it’s guarded, ze. This is where you kick in!”

“Wha-”

And the two girls shoved him hard towards the ground, and then suddenly accelerated. They weren’t going horribly fast, but they were still too fast for him to catch up. And he wasn’t really going down, he could fly himself alright, still...

Why do I feel like I’d cheat them even thought they pulled me in against my will?, he sighed and kept moving downward; maybe he could talk his way out of things while also buying the two some time, Scarlet Mansion raids are fun, after all.

On the plus side, the door guard that was gawking in panic at the invasion lacked wits and stood there like a dummy to watch Mokuren descend. Of course, if she panicked because there were intruders, her reaction to seeing Mokuren was granted.

“AAAAAAH! MEIMU!”

Oh, it’s China, Mokuren let out a sigh of relief, of course, what was I thinking? With China on guard, it’s going to be a joke.

“Ah... Relax, I’m not Meimu”, he landed in front of her, trying to be as friendly as possible, “My name is Mokuren, I am Reimu’s temporary assistant miko. Pleased to meet you”, he concluded with a bow.

China stayed on guard (that is, she held back in an awkward position, watching for signs of danger coming from Meimu), eyeing him suspiciously, “Uh... N-nice to meet you”, her voice wavered, “... A-and what are you here... For?”

Crap, he remained motionless for a long while, Haven’t thought about this.

“Of course”, he eventually said, “I’m here to collect monetary offerings!”

None of the two moved; Mokuren kept still in his demented expression of self-confidence in front of blatant lies, China kept still in her ridiculously defensive position. It was getting too weird, even for a scene with China.

“... Aren’t you supposed to have a... Box for that?”

“Yeah, I am”, he sighed, crossing his arms, “However, Reimu won’t allow me to take it. Just in case somebody drops by at her temple and wants to donate something; of course, she wouldn’t want that poor somebody to not find the donation box and sulk home, depressed because he couldn’t donate to the Hakurei shrine”

“Oh, uh... No! I don’t want that to happen!”, China was still unsure on how to react to this visit, and looked up to the sky to see if there were more intruders, “You... By the way, did you see some...”, she looked back down at Mokuren, and jumped back again, “AAAAH! There’s another one!”

Mokuren blinked and turned. Ruukoto was there. When did she...?

“Do you need assistance, mistress?”

“Ruukoto?”, he frowned, “... Didn’t I tell you to wait for me at home?”

“I am sorry, mistress”, she made an apolgetic bow, “I was worried for your safety and followed you. Have I disappointed you?”

Oh my god where did she learn to make such faces?, he blinked, then he gulped, how could he scold a cute girl with such a... “N-no, you didn’t...”, he felt like he had to comfort her, “I’m happy you...”, he looked at China, who looked like she needed comforting too, “... Thanks, Ruukoto”, he then turned, “Ah... By the way... You are?”

“H-hong Meirin, Scarlet Mansion’s Door Guard...”, she gulped, “Who is...?”

“Oh? She’s Ruukoto, my robot maid. I’m an important person, you know. Ah ah ah ah...”.

Silence ensued.

“Anyways...”, he cleared his throat, “Since there are friends of mine that are, by now, already inside the mansion and wreaking havoc, may I ask you to escort me inside?”

“Friends? Ins-”, she paused as she realized there were actually intruders in the house, “AAAAA! There’s intruders inside! Mistress is going to kill me!”

“So, can I come? Maybe I can... Like... Talk to your mistress, say I distracted you or something...”

China was about to cry; maybe the situation was kind of normal, but it must have been rough on her, like life, life has never been good on China, “W-will you? P-please?”

“Yes”, he smiled, “Yes, I will”

“THANK YOU!”, she said, clinging on his chihaya like a life jacket, “You’re so kind, doing this for me...”

“Ah... Don’t mention it, ah ah ah...”, awww, China’s so cute... I could die any moment

“Siding with the enemy? Now, that’s not what a door guard should do”, metal makes weird and creepy sounds when it grazes something, especially itself. Mokuren never heard such a scary sound come from... Knives.

Knives. Right, talk about "dying any moment"

“AAAAA! Sakuya-san!”, China leapt on Mokuren’s lap, giving him no other choice but hold her in her arms, “Sakuya-san, it’s not how it looks like!”

Sakuya-san gave the two a quizzical look with an arched brow, “You have funny lovers to be a door guard, but it’s unethical to bring them at work”, she almost looked like she would sheathe (or hide, or whatever) her knives, but something in Mokuren didn’t quite convince her, “Besides, how did you seduce a shrine maiden? Or were you seduced yourself? Well, knowing your reliability, it was probably the latter”

“Sakuya-san!”, she didn’t let go of Mokuren in spite of everything, “That’s mean!”

“I... I haven’t seduced anyone”, he tried to somehow repair the danmaku of misunderstandings that kept raining down on him like the Anime Love Laws God was bombing him from orbit, “I was just visiting, and collecting monetary offerings for the Hakurei shrine”

“You do look alike to the red and white”, Sakuya made her knives disappear in her clothes, somehow, “You must be relatives. In that case, why hasn’t your blood sister told you our mistress isn’t prone to saisen?”

Oh no, not this “sister of Reimu” thing again, he sighed, but tried to remain friendly, “She is not my sister, she is my teacher, and there is no way to know until you try”, and by the way, China, you’re heavy...

“Very well”, she gave China a particularly cold look, “China, dispatch this intruder”

“WHAT?” they said in unison, it was so sudden that Mokuren too was somewhat shocked.

“Oh, so this fleeting love of yours comes before your loyalty to the mistress? Very well, consider yourself fir-”

“NO! Wait, Sakuya-san!”, she climed down Mokuren’s arms, which were getting pretty sore already, “P-please don’t fire me! My heart has wavered only for a little, please forgive me!”

What are you saying, you idiot? You make it sound like we’re really lovers, he sighed again, trying to restrain himself from conjuring a dimensional hammer and hit her on the head, it’s a misunderstanding. Just explain, damn it.

“Your words alone will not suffice”, Sakuya crossed her arms, “If you really are loyal to the mistress, dispatch this intruder. Now”.

He could see China trembling, and this wasn’t good, if there was anything China was bad at (worse than anything else, at least) it was keeping her emotions in check, “Ruukoto, if the situation gets dangerous, please step aside and wait”

“Do you require assistance, mistress?”

“No, thanks”, he flashed her a smile, “It would only make things more complicated. Just pick me up if I can’t move afterwards”, wait, did she mean she can do a danmaku battle?

“I-I’m... Sorry, kind miko-san”, as he feared, when China turned, she trying to wipe tears off her eyes, “I wish... We could have met in... Less unfortunate circumstances!”

China using words such as “less unfortunate circumstances”? She must really be sick, “W-wait, can’t we talk about it? I’m sure I can explain...”

Only a shadow and a well-placed slow motion for dramatic effect allowed Mokuren to see and deflect the kick aimed at his face. This sent him back a couple meters nonetheless.

“Mistress!”

“It’s ok!”, he drew his sword, “It’s ok! Just stay back!”

China sobbed as she restored her guard, “Please don’t resist, miko-san... You’re making it more difficult!”

Faster than the wind, she darted forward again, and sword and fist begun to clash, sending sparks and whirls of air at every contact, Good thing my sword is only single-edged, he found the time to think, I can attack and not worry too much about cutting her. Not that I have a chance to hit anyways...

He darted up evading a kick, flying into the air and pointing down towards China, “I’m sorry, but I really have to get inside!” he said before a solid beam of blue energy shot straight down on her.

The blast shook the earth and made a crater, raising a could of dust. As he clearly expected after having watched too much DBZ, this clearly meant his attack missed, and in fact a barrage of colorful shards spread out from inside the dust cloud, falling upwards like an opportune rain coming from the earth.

Thanks to his danmaku sense, he could evade what he managed to evade and deflect what he couldn’t figure how to dodge; by the time he did that, China was already in the skies with him, firing tight barrages of red bullets.

Crap, he thought as he realized there was no way he could dodge that, so he went forth and shot another of his full-power laser beams. To his expectations, it was enough to clear away the bullets it hit, and still to his expectation, it was way too predictable to hit anyone above the caliber of Cirno. Well, considering the dodge skills of Gensokyo’s inhabitants, maybe even Cirno could have avoided that. Considering I can dodge some danmaku myself, I guess anyone can avoid my own beams.

“Please end this quickly, China”, said Sakuya from below. Ruukoto looked worried herself, but at least she obeyed her master’s order of staying the hell away from danger.

“I’m sorry, miko-san”, China sniffed again, “I hope... We can be friends in our next lives...”

“Wha? Wait, China, I think you’re taking this too seriously... Ah ah ah...”.

It was difficult to laugh, thought, after she stroke a martial pose and focused her energies and shouted “Colorful sign – Colorful light chaotic dance!”.

How the hell do I dodge THIS?, was a much, much easier reaction in this case. And it didn’t pair well with laughter.

Ok, calm down, he told himself as the barrage approached him, fast, It’s not as chaotic as it seems, it’s only partly random, he could feel the whole concept of the spell card in his mind; his sword was telling him, he was now attuned enough to clearly capture the feelings behind danmaku, and spell cards were marvelous in this sense, they were beautiful, and evading them was as satisfying as managing to appreciate a work of art.

But the tears in China’s eyes struck him, he was about to find some time to prepare and focus his own laser beam to hit her as she was still, but all he could think of was What the hell am I doing?.

He deliberatly stopped dodging and simply parried the barrage, which sent him flying down and landing heavily right in front of Sakuya. Seeing her, China interrupted the barrage, giving him time to recover and stand properly, What the hell, China? You’re friggin’ strong! was his train of thoughts.

“Why don’t you use a spell card?”, was her almost-whispered question.

“There’s no need to, I can handle this without one”

Did she chuckle? “Liar”.

Silence followed, then he chuckled himself, “You are right, who am I lying to? I don’t have any of this spellcard thing. You know, I am the bone of my sword and stuff, that’s more my kind of thing, but I don’t have that either”, and after that second bundle of nonsense, he sheathed his sword and walked away from Sakuya, looking up to China.

“You’re right. I’m only making this harder”, he smiled, “So... Please just come down here and hit me, I promise I’ll hold still”.

And China came down, looking at Mokuren with a mix of disbelief and sadness. She put a hand on his shoulder, sniffed, and readied to punch him into next Friday.

Holy geek Jesus on a WoW server, this is going to hurt he was thinking, suddenly starting to feel that playing good guy was much harder than he thought. But not only China wasn’t giving him a coup de grace, she was still on the verge of crying, which was making Mokuren’s sensible heart ache over her suffering.

“Sakuya-san...”, she moaned like a kid to a mean mother, Poor China, she’s about to break... But seriously, how did it end like this?, he blinked, she was being more stupid and emotional than he ever thought she could be. China was China all right, but still...

“China, do you really think I would have you kill your lover on a whim while she’s outside the house?”, if Sakuya was trying to be compassionate, her voice didn’t sound like it, but she carried such grace in her words and movements that it was impossible to ignore her, even when she came so close they could almost feel her breath.

“... Dummy”, she said to China, and she said so in such a whisper that both her and Mokuren’s heart skipped a beat. Now I know why Youmu has fallen for her, she was like some sort of z0mg Rei! Except she was... Actually cool, and charming, and sexy in a way, and so composed that she seemed unreachable, which just made her so much harder to resist.

“In any case”, she continued, increasing the distance from the other two, “The other miko is clearly not a threat, and since we already have intruders that should be taken care of, I will allow you to bring her in for the time being. Let’s just not make it into a habit”, she looked straight at Mokuren, “Of course, your own maid can come with you”.

“... Thank you, Sakuya-san”, he said, ten seconds late. Crap, I feel like I’m in love. Crap, now that I think of it, I felt like this with about every girl I saw since I came in Gensokyo. Crap, my Moe Overload Antibodies aren’t bad enough to rescue me.

“Sakuya-san...”, China’s tornado of emotions wasn’t getting any weaker, especially now that Sakuya was doing her best to turn everybody into a ravid fangirl of hers, managing to rouse such feelings into the door guard as well, making her start taking steps in her direction, steps with increasing frequency, “Sakuya-saaaan!”, she said as she spread out her arms to hug her.

“Before I accompany you inside the mansion”, said Sakuya, while China was laying at her feet with a knife lodged in the forehead, “It would be appropriate if you introduced yourself; presenting you simply as China’s lover is clearly inappropriate”.

“My name is Mokuren”, he made a slight bow to accompany the introduction, “I am temporary assistant miko at the Hakurei shrine”

“Very well, Meimu”, Wha? All this fuss and you just call me Meimu? You little..., “Please follow me”

“Uh, what about China...?”

“She’ll eventually catch up”


The inside of the Scarlet mansion really made him feel home. For no particular reason except that european architecture in a meiji-era land was as heart-warming as finding someone who could make him a cappuccino. And since he couldn’t get the cappuccino, he had to go with just the mansion.

After much walking and gawking, they reached Voile, the magic library.

It was an XBOX sized library, large enough that one could become lost if there weren’t indications, and there luckily were, albeit little and difficult to decipher for those that didn’t know their meaning. Mokuren didn’t, but then he didn’t need to either... Just following Sakuya was fine.

That, and he could hear the voices already.

“Please keep quiet while in the library”, was Patchouili’s tired comment as she kept reading one of her many books. The comment was of course wasted considering both Marisa and Alice weren’t particularly quiet persons, especially when they were together.

“Uh-uh, I think I’m going to borrow this one too, ze”

“Please return the other ones you have ‘’borrowed’’ before you take more”

Sakuya stepped up to that little study that appeared to be the exact center of the library (or so Mokuren liked to think), making sure everyone knew she was there, and could see she had guests too, “Patchouili-sama, there is another visitor”

“Another visitor?”, Patchouili looked up from her book, a new visitor? As if the ones she had weren’t enough already? “Who i-”

“Oh, so you came, Meimu”, was Alice’s unfazed comment as she instructed Shanghai to fetch her something (that most likely wasn’t there), “We though the door guard got you”.

“Well... Let’s say I asked nicely and was allowed to enter”, he said, which is more or less what really happened. Misunderstandings aside.

“That’s good, ze. This way you can learn... Uh... Whatever you needed to learn, ze. Just ask Patchu if you need something”

“Please do not talk of me as the library guide”

Patchouili tried to act as if she was pissed, but she hardly gave that impression, it was more like she became so used to having uninvited intruders every once in a while that it was almost like having surprise visits from distant friends. This looks a lot like a Shadowrun mission plan, Mokuren realized, Except Shadowrun plans look good on paper and end up with everything blowing up, while it went the other way around here.

“I have not introduced myself”, he said to Patchouili, making a gentle bow, “My name is M-”

“Meimu”, Marisa intruded.

“... Well, whatever. I’m temporary assistant miko at the Hakurei shrine, pleased to meet you”.

Patchouili looked at him for a long moment, then she pointed a long and slender finger towards him, saying “Why are you wearing a Konkuro?”

“Uh...”, Konkuro? Cool, I’m source of japanese neologisms now, “It’s the one that destiny assigned me”

“I see”, Patchu seemed satisfied enough to return to her book, but then she remembered about something and looked back up at him, “By the way, Meimu, don’t take any books away like the witch does”

“Don’t worry... I need to learn fast anyways, so even if I wanted (and I want to underline I don’t) it wouldn’t be good if I-”

“Oh, Meimu, by the way”, Marisa interrupted him again, “What is it you need to learn now, ze? You can do danmaku and fly already, ze”

Yeah, except the part in which I suck at both, “Well...”, he shot a glance behind and around him... Where did Sakuya go? She probably had things to do... “... I still can’t do spellcards”

For the third time, Patchu looked up from her book, and this time it almost seemed as if she saw something that was worth more attention than reading, “Are you learning to make spellcards?”

“Oh... Yes!”, he however immediately composed himself, he didn’t want to sound too eager, or he might receive another haha i dunno-type answer, “See, I’m still a beginner, and I need to complete my training because... I have to confront tough opponents”

Patchu gave him another long stare, “Your power level is too low for you to face anything short of random fairies, are you sure you really stand a chance against your... Tough opponents?”

Long, embarassed silence, then Meimu Mokuren scratched his head, “Uh... No, that’s why we work in a team”

“Team?”, this time it was Alice to interrupt him, after she had just come back from who knows which depths of the library (Hourai and Shanghai following), “Marisa and I are a tightly-knit team and we aren’t accepting other members”

“Uh... I’m actually supposed to team up with Reimu...”, he said, and noticed (not without much fanboy enthusiasm) Alice’s face turn red as she just realized she said something about her liking Marisa and not wanting intruders. For the Nth time already.

“Uh... S-sure! I-I just wanted to s-say we’re... M-magicians. Yes, and we should stick together, so you two mikos should... Stick together too, yes”.

“Wasn’t Reimu teamed up with Yukari already?”, was Patchu’s uninterested comment.

“Yes, she is”, answered Moku, “Except... Well, except it seems Yukari’s going to be our opponent”.

This time the silence was so omnious and tense that it was almost like all life stopped. The fact there was little to no life already inside of Voile just made everything creepier, Ooops... I guess I shouldn’t have said that, he thought, but then he immediately added: Well, screw that, if I want to go back, I have to beat the crap out of Yukari, and since I don’t stand a chance alone anyways, it can’t hurt to have people know.

Moku felt a cold shiver run up his spine the moment Patchouili closed her book to focus all her attention into staring at him, “May I know why you, a perfect stranger, have to team up with Reimu, the most powerful human being in Gensokyo, and face Yukari, probably the most powerful youkai in Gensokyo?”.

And so, he had no choice but tell her and everyone else the whole story, starting from the very beginning.


The rest of the Scarlet Mansion was as elegant as the perfect expression of a mix between renaissance and gothic architecture could be, capturing its inhabitants in a wholly different dimension, the most beautiful dream of its owner. Except the owner was awake and well, and still alive in spite of the passage of time.

“... And that’s what she said!”

Flandre Scarlet was leaning with the elbows on the tea table, a most uncouth thing to do for a gentlewoman, but she had this childish enthusiasm that made up for every break of the etiquette.

Her sister, Remilia Scarlet, looked only maybe a year older or two, which meant she was still pre-teen anyways, at least in the looks, but her manners were the exact opposite of her sister’s.

“Most interesting”, she said. The tone of her voice was omnious and striking, in spite it was the voice of a twelve-years old girl, “Sakuya-san, allowing her inside was a wise choice from your part”

“T-thank you, mistress”, she said, bowing even lower than necessary, and for once losing a bit of that icy composure. Mistress made her a compliment, this would have given her sweet dreams of forbidden love tonight.

Remilia relaxed, leaning on the chair and slowly toying with her hair as the other hand kept a relaxed grip on the tea cup, “Destiny has started moving again in Gensokyo, Flandre, what do you think?”

“It’s going to be fun!”, her innocent smile betrayed the meaning of “fun”, Flandre’s “fun”.

“It surely is”, Remilia’s smile wasn’t innocent at all, it was devilish, plotting and ultimately leading to the Absolutely No Good end of whatever game she was playing, “Except the main pawn, this time, is in my hands”


Like the rest of his Gensokyo life, things looked like they weren’t getting anywhere.

“... Why are we doing this, again?”

“Mistress said she is interested in sharing tea and a bit of time with you”, Sakuya made everything sound as it was a very simple matter to be dealt with as quickly as possible, “I am therefore making sure you are acceptable before you can see her”

“... Why just me?”

Mokuren wasn’t really pissed, he could hardly find himself being angry at any of the Gensokyo girls in spite of all that could be happening, still... She could have turned when he was undressing.

At least she didn’t say something in the lines of “Wow, you’re flatter than Marisa” like some Kouhaku wearer...

“Mistress knows the rest of the troupe already, you are the only one she is unfamiliar with, and she says she doesn’t want you to feel uncomfortable wearing clothes you weren’t given a choice about”, she then shot a dreadful glance to the folded Konkuro on the chair.

Well, thanks but I’m not exactly being given a choice here, either. He sighed, of course trying to reason would’ve been wasted effort, “So, am I a Scarlet maid now?”

“Temporarily so”.

”Temporarily” never sounded as unhealthy as it did before I was stranded here; that was his second “temporary” assignement already. Was he to become a “temporary” death god next?

Considering the hard-working reputation of the non-temporary one, he really hoped not.


The so-called “tea room” was cozy enough as to redefine the entire concept of “cozy” and make all other such uses of that adjective retroactively out of place when applied to anything different. There she was, Remilia Scarlet, looking several years younger than him, poised like she had hundred more and behaving in a way that mixed the two things to the extent she was both cute and deadly at the same time, but enough of the first to make Mokuren forget about the dangers of the latter.

Alice and Marisa weren’t there, of course, they’d have made things too noisy for Remilia’s tastes, not to mention their extreme lack of etiquette, especially when paired together. Mokuren offered to have Ruukoto stick with them and make sure they didn’t do anything too dangerous (wasted effort, but it’s the heart that counts); Patchouili had Koakuma stick with them too.

Also, for some reason, Patchouili was present at the table. This must be something serious, for her to sacrifice so much precious time, or maybe she was just a tea whore like Reimu.

Naaah.

“Mistress, I have brought you Meimu, as you required”. Oh, yeah, that Meimu thing. Surprising how good Gensokyo inhabitants are at misnaming people.

“Awww... She looked better in a Konkuro!”, was Flandre’s almost disappointed comment.

... Wait. Flandre?

“I think maid uniforms suit her fine, too”, Remilia conceded, “Hmm, it’d be nice if you could become my maid”

“Uh... Thanks”, he honestly didn’t know what to say. Flandre? he was too busy thinking, The ultimate harbinger of utterly random and ridiculously overpowered destruction? And I’m in the same room she is in? This can’t be good..., “But if I did, Reimu might be angry that she lost an assistant...”

“Truly a pity”, her words didn’t belong to such a girl, unless she was the kind of girl that was so smart and well-mannered that she could only come out as twice as cute than another one who wasn’t. Mokuren’s Moe Antibodies were having the toughest time of their lives, and the emergency Hello, this is your self-preservation instinct. These girls could kill you dead before you could scream “LOLI” wasn’t as effective as he expected.

“I heard your story from Flandre”, Remilia continued, “It is most interesting to hear of a random human being from the outside world to survive Gensokyo. Honestly, you are faring better than the resident inhabitants do”.

Well, sure my life isn’t as easy, “Oh... thanks, I’ve been lucky to find helpful people, it’s just that”.

“That sword...”, Patchouili said while looking at the sheathed weapon Mokuren was holding in his hands, “You know of its power already, don’t you?”

“Oh, this?”, he looked down at it, “Well, yes, I kind of figured out already. 125 attack power, +3 int, you just can’t go wrong”

“Did its special power keep you alive? You have faced more than one youkai already”

He chuckled, “Yes... It did, even thought I think I survived my first encounter because of Yukari’s sick plans, whatever they might be. As for the rest...”, he paused, trying to find the words, “I think I survived because the sword used its power on me, rather than on others”

Patchouili nodded, “That makes sense, and explains your unusual progresses”

Yeah, I guess so. Good thing I’m a big RO fan, telling that sword from the other stuff was probably my wisest choice.

“Which brings us to our topic”, Remilia leaned on the table, looking at Mokuren with these cute, but creepy, red eyes of hers, “It appears that all your hopes of returning to your home world depend on Yukari”

“Well... Yes, being she’s the youkai of boundaries and all”, he blinked, why the questioning? Was she taking interest in his situation? If so, did he have to be happy about it? I suspect not...

“But, correct me if I’m wrong, you don’t seem to be able to find her”.

Damn.

“Uh... Well, she seems... Busy with something. Reimu’s been looking for her but-”

“Hey, Meimu, why don’t you stay with us while you wait for her to pop out?”, was Flandre’s honest inquiry.

Flandre looked even younger than Remilia, which made her so loli that looking at her was just plain wrong and could get Mokuren jailed. Gensokyo probably didn’t have jails, but that didn’t make things better.

“Uh...”, he carefully weighted the words in his head before answering, one half-wrong answer and this mansion will be nuked from orbit, “I would love to. However, I... Uh... Have friends to check on in the other world, so...”, he paused, “... I may come visit every once in a while”

“Actually, we have no interest in keeping you”, Remilia answered, adding “Even if visiting once in a while would be fine”, just to counter the pouting Flandre was putting up, “As a matter of fact, I intend to help you out, Meimu”.

“Uh...”

“You are a bit like Reimu’s twin, except you’re the good twin in spite of what your clothing may indicate”, yeah, she’s right. I’m not the one who goes around saying “let’s shoot down random fairies until the problems solve themselves”, “Since the Hakurei border is strongly tied to members of the Hakurei clan, it is safe to elaborate that Reimu and her blood relatives could possibly have the ability to cross it. Reimu herself, however, has no interest to, and I understand part of her job is to make sure it doesn’t happen in the first place”, her wry smile was in part reassuring and friendly, but in the other part that Moku’s non-blarg im ded brain could recognize, she was plotting beyond the mortal ability to accept, “However, Yukari is prone to pulling such pranks, wether to bring fresh food for other youkai (or even herself) or just because”.

“I see...”, he blinked, trying to see a solution he could like, “So, you’re saying that in a pinch, Reimu alone could help me go back home?”

“No, Meimu. I’m saying that when you’ll be ready, you won’t need to”

“Wha-?”

“Yukari is unpredictable at best”, Patchouili chimed in, in spite of her perpetually bored expression, her words betrayed her interest in the subject, “But Reimu has some power over the border, and she has Hakurei blood, which gives her an edge over the Hakurei border that Yukari doesn’t possess in spite of her power. Also, given the speed at which your abilities are developing, I dare say you may have a trace of Hakurei blood in you”

“Eh? Ah ah ah... No, no, that’s impossible”, Mokuren chuckled, “I assure you it’s really impossible. In the world I live in, the place the Hakurei clan can possibly come from and the place where I do are too far. There’s no way I can trace my ascendance to the Hakurei clan”

“Maybe you’re right”, says Remilia, “Still, you are a very interesting individual, and I think your arrival in Gensokyo carries a meaning beyond the prank of a Youkai with a warped sense of humor”.

He could feel it, she was pulling the red strings of fate to and from him, and who knows what else, damn her ability to manipulate fate, how the heck am I supposed to go back home if she uses me for her... What is she using me for, by the way?.

“Meimu, Meimu, are you going to kick Yukari in the butt?”, Flandre looked excited at the idea, “Because if you are, I wanna come too!”

“Uh... I would like her to be able to... Do things after convincing her”, even thought convincing her might involve ass-kicking, he thought, especially if Reimu’s concept of diplomacy comes into play, “But I really appreciate your help, you’re really a good girl”.

They smiled at each other, and whatever Flandre was thinking, Mokuren’s train of thoughts was please please please don’t get me in a love-type relationship with her, please please please I don’t want to die young.

Luckily, Remilia interrupted them again, “I’m sure Flandre and you would get along very well, but I want Patchouili to be the one who will accompany you”

“... Mistress?”, she said, out of uninterested shock, “Why should I? She has enough company already”

“Well, if Patchouili doesn’t want, there’s no need to force her”, he said, trying to be diplomatic, “It’d be nice if she would, thought; it’s almost as if we’re forming some sort of sentai... Eh eh eh. United to kick the lazy Yukari for the good of Gensokyo, it’d be nice”.

Patchouili paused, seeing something in Mokuren that she didn’t notice before. She had already opened her mouth to say something, but then she closed it, thinking deeply and very intently on what was being said.

“... Well”, she toughly let through, “Let’s say I... Maybe I could have the chance to... Better study this girl, after all”.

TSUNDERE!, Mokuren was about to violently nosebleed.

“Uh... Well, thanks Patchouili, that’s very kind of you...”. It was getting hot in there; either that, or his Moe Antibodies were about to collapse.

“Very well”, Remilia smiled, “If I know Yukari well, and I think I have a hunch for this ‘evil mastermind’ thing, she will soon return for you to question. If it’s Reimu you’re waiting for, you may be able to see her before tomorrow. If you are to battle, it’s all the time you have to prepare”

“Uh...”

“I trust you are ready?”

“Uh...”

“Are you good at fighting, Meimu?”, Flandre was adding something to Remilia’s smirk that Mokuren couldn’t perceive as anything different from great, I’m screwed.

“I... I still can’t do spellcards, actually”

“It’s no worry, Patchouili will teach you”

“... Mistress?”

“She is very good with spells, she has several herself, she is the best teacher you can have”

Moku and Patchu looked at each other for a long moment, then they both turned at Remilia.

“Well... Thanks, Remilia”

“Oh, I’m glad I have been of help”, now her smile looked everything but reassuring... Even thought there still was, in fact, a part of it that looked honest. Honestly helpful, that is. “Sakuya-san, please escort Meimu and her friends out, the time for visits is due to finish soon”.

“Yes, mistress”.


Flying home after a long day of work and excitement (and the constant threat to life that comes from being a stranger in Gensokyo) was particularly relaxing, especially after having returned to more comfortable clothes, even thought they were a Konkuro, and even though they were for the wrong gender.

I guess it’s because of the armpits, he mused, Bare armpits are what Toho is all about.

That, and there was the constant chattering of his adventuring party.

To get a better glimpse of the situation, we assume that Mokuren is the party leader, a level 4 miko, with a special “shikigami” slot for his robot maid, Ruukoto, a level 30 robot maid.

Second slot must obviously be Marisa, a level 70 epic but ordinary black magician, whose MPs didn’t fit the string limit. Third slot was then Alice, a level 60 puppeteer, with special slots for her level 30 dolls, Shanghai and Hourai.

Fourth was Patchouili, lazily following them along. Level 70 epic wizard of the week, with a special shikigami slot for Koakuma, a level 30 devil.

Although with serious h4xs for separate servant slots, it was an ordinary 4-adventurers party.

Yes, surprisingly enough, not only Patchouili was following them around, but Koakuma was coming with her. Outside.

“Miss Patchouili, are you sure you don’t want me to keep watch over the library? There may be intruders, and I won’t be able to keep the books in order...”, Koakuma didn’t look too happy herself; or rather: she was happy to be with Patchu, but obviously felt she was cheating on her job, “W-what if someone barges in to steal something while we’re out?”

“There’s only two people that would do that, and they’re in front of us”, was Patchu’s straightforward answer, “Don’t worry, Koakuma, it’s ok”.

“B-but, mistress...”, she looked a little down, as if ashamed to reveal something, “I... I want to be useful to you, as a servant, I...”

“You are being useful”, Patchu answered in her usual tone, but with a strangely kind pitch, “You are escorting your mistress out. If you’re with me, I don’t have to fear about anemia dragging me down. I know I can count on you, Koakuma”, she offered her a hand, “Come, the earlier we get done, the earlier we can return to our library”.

The little devil’s eyes shone with admiration, and she took her mistress’ hand with a gleeful smile, “Yes, mistress!”.

“Hey, are you ok, ze?”

Mokuren snapped out of it in time to realize he was losing height, “Y-yes... Yes, I’m fine”

“You sure?”, Alice didn’t look so sure, “Your face is all red, maybe you have a fever”

“M-maybe. Well, it’s spring, it’s normal, it’ll just pass... Ah ah ah”, Mokuren coughed, they were clear signs of yuri overload, he didn’t feel like that since he watched seven episodes of Strawberry Panic in one day, he knew the feeling very well.

When they landed in the courtyard of the Hakurei shrine, they found Reimu reading the Bunbunmaru News. She didn’t look surprised, she looked so shocked to see six people and two dolls coming at her at the same time that she couldn’t find an expression to fit her feelings.

“Just tell me one thing”, she said when they were all lined in front of her, “You’re not all going to sleep over at my place”

“We are”

“Mokuren, your debt is tripled”

“Why me?”

“Who’s Mokuren?”

Oh, yeah, he thought, Patchu thinks I’m really Meimu, and I’m pretty sure Alice forgot about when I introduced myself; yet, for some reason, Reimu was folding her paper and looking straight at him, amongst all the others.

“I suppose I’ll have you explain later all the funny adventures you’ve been having while I was busy for your sake. Is everyone here for the reason I think they are?”

He looked at his adventuring party, “More or less”

“Good, then I guess it won’t hurt to tell everyone”, she stood up, “Yukari was away, so in the meanwhile I tried to find emergency routes in case we can’t find her, or we can’t get her to cooperate”, she glanced at everyone, “Althought if we’re really all here for the reason we think we are, there shouldn’t be problem in convincing her to do so”

Somehow, I don’t feel like ganging up to gank Yukari is a fine idea, Reimu..., he sighed, but at least, the more I have in the front line to prevent damage to myself, the better. He wasn’t thinking that magical attacks deal full damage to both front and rear line, the fool.

“This is such a bother”, Patchouili couldn’t have expressed her feelings better, “There has never been this much trifle for sending people back to the other side, has the Hakurei border become lazy like its miko?”

“You’ll agree with me that an alien, gender-challenged girl that befriends youkai and learns danmaku combat in four days is a new sight in Gensokyo, previous cases don’t hold ground on this”

“That’s the only reason I am here”, if she had glasses, Patchu would be adjusting them now, “My mistress feels that this case warrants special attention, and of course I’ll make sure you won’t screw up anywhere”

“I never screw up”

“It’s because I’m with you, ze”

“However...”, Alice intruded, grabbing Marisa’s arm and sticking close to her, “Now she’s no longer your teammate. She’s mine. Magicians stick together”

“So, should I too... Stick to you?”, Patchu didn’t seem to look forward to that.

“Magicians and bookworms are different”

“Ah ah ah... Stop team-killing, please”, Mokuren tried to intervene before the situation escalated to a fight that could nuke the whole Hakurei shrine apart, “Our objective now is to pwn Yukari and take her stuff, so no friendly fire until then”

“Wouldn’t Reimu alone be enough for this? She and Yukari are presumably buddies, they should be fine fighting one-on-one”, Alice was still trying to look for execuses not to fight, and possibly stick as close to Marisa as possible in the meantime, “There’s no need for everyone to go over there, we don’t owe Reimu anything”

“Ah... Actually...”, Mokuren coughed, damn, they’re good at making me feel guilty, “It’s all my fault. I should be the one to go there, but since there’s no way I can pwn Yukari, Reimu is helping me out in case she’s uncooperative. It’s not her fault, really”

“Then I’ll just blame it on you. It doesn’t change anything in the end”. Wow, thanks Alice, now I really feel better.

“Don’t say that, ze. Thanks to me, Meimu’s much stronger now”, Marisa didn’t miss the chance to brag, “All she needs is learn spellcards and she can go on her own, ze”

“She’s already good on her own. Except not on danmaku”, Reimu sighed, “Well, if we hurry, we should be able to go to Maiyoga and return before night, so we can be done with it already (and I won’t have you sleep at my place)”

“You go with your miko. Mikos stick together, magicians stick with their own”, and Alice tightened her grip on Marisa.

“Oh, come on, girls!”, Mokuren, for once, stepped forward in spite of the dangers to his life in doing so, “Lazy is ok, lazy is moe, tsundere is moe, but this is too much! I mean, what the heck should be waiting for? Something fishy is going on and nobody’s doing something, where’s all the battle and drama going to pour out from? Where’s the chances for sudden yuri if nobody does anything? Where’s this story going to go if we all sit here and talk about what a bother I am? I mean, seriously, where’s the Gensokyo StrikerS where we need ‘em?”

Long moments of silence passed, it must have been the first time he spoke like that, and the girls must’ve been terribly unused to hear somebody else talk to them like that. As a matter of fact, Mokuren was starting to feel less like a bother and more like food, somehow.

“Actually...”, Patchu started, “I have something to say about that...”


Ran Yakumo was, of course, doing all the cleaning and cooking and chores. That’s because Chen was out to play, and never a good help anyways, and Yukari was, as always, dozing off, leaving the responsibility to keep the house presentable, in the unlikely case somebody was to come visit.

As she casually glanced outwards while she lifted the tray with Yukari’s tea break, seeing the lazy afternoon clouds slowly drifting in the sky, she spotted something that won all sort of wrong awards in one strike.

Five color-coded dots, flying in formation towards her.

As they grew bigger, they revealed their nature. Five color-coded girls in fancy color-coded uniforms with retrò color-coded helmets, each landing like a thunderbolt in the garden just outside the house, rising a dense cloud of dust.

After the dust dissipated, blown by the wind with an overly dramatic effect, each of the color-coded beings started, in order, doing awfully ridiculous and unnecessarily fancy motions before blurting out words like:

“Gensokyo... RED!”

“Gensokyo... BLACK!”

“Gensokyo... BLUE!”

“Gensokyo... YELLOW!”

“Gensokyo... PINK!”

After their single presentations were done, they engaged in much coreographic acrobatics, continuing in unison with “Together we are...”

“... The Gensokyo StrikerS!”

Like in slow motion, the tray fell to the ground, the repercussion sending the tea cup slowly flying in the air, spilling fine green tea in the air as it rotated, the lone spoon losing herself amongst the cookies and pastries, creating a messy wave of afternoon break, hitting the wooden floor with painful slowness.

Ran gasped for air at the sight of the five color-coded figures in formation with the outline of the lazy afternoon sun behind them; her fingers went numb after the tray slipped, and she felt the numbness extend to the rest of her body.

She fell to her knees, shivering in disbelief, her eyes were so wide that tears started streaking down her cheeks, the image still painfully burning inside her brain. Only a part of her still-sane brain was telling her that she made a mess and spoiled her mistress’ afternoon tea, but even that was bound to succumb under the seething, burning pain.

“... I think we broke Ran”, said Gensokyo Blue Mokuren, taking his helmet off.

“Well, one less pointless fight”, Gensokyo Red Reimu conceded, “Let’s get straight to the end-of-level boss”

“Are we done with this thing?”, Gensokyo Yellow Alice looked eager to get out from that uniform.

“Why? It suits you fine, ze”, Gensokyo Black’s Marisa’s comment, “We should do this kind of thing more often, it feels cool, ze”

“We’re not here to feel cool, we’re here to get Yukari send Mokuren back to her world, let’s get moving”, and Reimu moved on, as if she knew the house by heart.

“Wha? Wait, red’n’whitey!”

“Marisa! Don’t go on without me!”

Mokuren sighed, why does it always go like this?, he looked down at Ran, then glanced at Gensokyo Pink Patchouili, who was still half-posing.

“Thanks, Patchu”, he flashed a smile, “These costumes worked great”

She composed herself, taking the helmet off, “Well... Thanks, I made them in a hurry, so...”, she blushed, but did so with a satisfied smile that lit her hat-less cute face.

Mokuren then checked on Ran. There was nothing that could have been done with her, only time could wash away the shock, and maybe never completely heal. “... I’m sorry!”, she said, patting her on the shoulder, before he and Patchu followed the others in what was, presumably, Yukari’s room.

“Ara, ara”, she greeted them with a sleepy face and sitting in her bed, “Someone forgot their manners at home... Did you not see Ran outside? I’m sure you know better than barge in someone’s-”

Without further ceremonies, Reimu grabbed her by the shoulder and pointed at Mokuren, “You remember about her, don’t you?”, the miko looked pretty frustrated, but the youkai still had that happy and innocent and dumb face on, “Well, you’re going to send her back from where she comes from”

“Aaaah... My little girl”, she said upon looking at Mokuren, “My my, you’ve grown so much... Let aunt Yukari look at you...”

“PLEASE BE SERIOUS, YUKARI!”

Mokuren sighed, this was going to end in flames...

“As expected of Reimu, she has no common sense”, Alice sighed, “I’ll wait outside until you two are done”

“We’ll be outside if you need us, ze”

Patchouili sighed, but stayed. At worst, it’s a three on one. Well, two on one, I don’t think I really count. Oh, and Patchu is anemic, she might be unable to recite her spells if she has some sort of attack or...

“Ara, ara... Please calm down, Reimu-chan. I know how you feel”, she was still smiling, as if threats couldn’t touch her, “But, I cannot send her back”.

The room temperature went far below zero.

“... What?”, asked Reimu.

... What?, Mokuren wanted to ask, but could barely remember to breathe.

“I cannot send her back”, Yukari repeated, and Mokuren started to feel like the red string of fate tied around him became embellished with chains and strange geometrical figures like the ones that oni child carried around.

“Why can’t you send her back? You brought her in, there must be a way to send her back, too!”

“Ara, ara, you clearly haven’t tried already?”, Yukari was still in vein to joke and in her perpetual good mood, but there was a strange, mischevious glint in her eyes, “If you did, you would have realized”

“STOP TALKING IN RIDDLES, DAMN IT!”

“A-haa-haa-haa-haaa!”, after much shaking, Yukari looked a bit more prone to answer clearly (and quite more dizzy, too), “Ara... Ara... I-I mean, there’s an outside force that... Prevents her from leaving”

“I still don’t get it”, and Reimu’s eyes were making it clear that she wasn’t stupid, it was Yukari’s fault for not explaining.

“I’m certain there is an explaination, but I’m still not sure myself, however...”, she looked at Patchu, “Our kind guest did visit the Scarlet Mansion, didn’t she?”

“She did”, Patchouili said, “And what you think is possible, even thought it’s difficult to confirm”

“Oh, right”, Mokuren found the courage of saying, managing to understand what was going on (for once) greatly improved his mood, “Remilia has the power to manipulate fate, doesn’t she? Maybe she has something in mind for me, so she made sure I couldn’t leave”

“That damn vampire...”, Reimu was starting to charge out of the room, “I’ll kick her so hard in th-”

“Waaah! Wait, Reimu!”, he had to physically clinch her to prevent her from leaving, and she didn’t stop trying to pull away, “We’re not going anywhere by chasing around people to beat down!”

“Ara, ara, my little girl became so clever...”

“WHATEVER SHOULD WE DO, THEN?!?”

Mokuren backed away, almost tripping on Yukari, “Ah... Er...”, he blinked, “... Maybe we should try to send me home anyways? Maybe, just maybe, we can have an idea of what is keeping me here if we do”

“Also, Reimu-chan... Don’t you think this guest’s arrival is strangely well-timed?”

Reimu suddenly returned normal, in that her eyes weren’t burning with the hatred of a thousand suns, “... You don’t mean...”

“It’s been a year, hasn’t it?”, that mischevious glint again, “Things always get weird at this time of the year, but last time was pretty spectacular, don’t you think so?”

“Even if you say so...”, Reimu looked at Mokuren, up and down, as if she saw her for the first time, “What do you think she has to do about that?”

“What do you think Remilia could have done so that she has something to do about that?”

Reimu grimaced, and Mokuren’s heart skipped yet another beat, shit, I don’t know what they’re talking about, but I don’t like it.

“Yukari, you come with us”

“... E... Eh?”

“We’re trying to send her back, and I want you to STICK CLOSE TO ME ALL THE TIME”

“B-but, R-Reimu-chan...”, Yukari blushed, looking away, feigning an embarass that was hiding even worse thoughts, “Always close... Even at night...”

A cushion hit her hard on the head, harder than any cushion could hit. This made Yukari strangely happy.

“Moku, Patchu, you two wait outside with the others, I’ll bring Yukari along even if I have to carry her unconscious body back to the shrine”

“Y-yes, Reimu”, he sighed, and looked at Patchouili, they nodded at each other, then moved outside.


“My mistress must have seen something in you”, she said as they were walking through the corridors, “She never uses her power lightheartedly”.

“Thanks, Patchu. I know Remilia didn’t mean any harm in doing so”, he smiled, “Still... I wasn’t expecting my presence to be so troublesome”

“It’s not troublesome, it’s necessary”, she gave him a strange look, “One does not tell stories like yours if there isn’t something behind it”.

“Well, thank you, Patchu. These are the first words of encouragement I ever heard since I was kidnapped”

“I’m going to do more than this”, she stopped, “You need to learn spellcards, don’t you?”

Mokuren stopped.

“I always wondered how human beings can manage to use magic, you’ll make a good specimen for my studies”, she flashed a shy, little smile, “And I think you’re going to need spellcards in the near future”

He blinked, then he smiled, several weights were lifted from his shoulders, “Thank you, Patchu”

“Let’s move on”, she said, resuming to walk, “We’ll have to return to the shrine to see what is holding you here”.

And so they returned in the courtyard in front of Yukari’s house, waiting for she and Reimu to come back out so that they could head back to the shrine and try to send Mokuren home.

Ran still hadn’t recovered.

It looked like an ordinary ceremony of sorts, except he was the sacrifical victim.

The Hakurei border looked like an ethereal barrier of unclear depth with swirling escherian constructs and hints of a landscape that appeared to be made of multiple overlaying of other landscapes. An unhealthy mess.

Mokuren was suddenly starting to feel much less of an urge to get back home.

“Seriously, Yukari, what’s the point of trying if we know it won’t work already?”, he was supposed to step in, and with Marisa poking his sides it was difficult not to. It tickled, damn it!

“My little girl, we can’t know what’s wrong unless we try. Please step in, it’ll be all fine”.

“... I hope”, was Reimu’s comment, that completely unsold him on Yukari’s confidence. Not that he really needed any proof, her I’m screwing with you-type of smile was pretty clear already.

“But still... Is there no way to do it without deliberately screwing with my safety?”, Marisa was having one big world of fun tickling him, which almost made him step inside the barrier.

“I don’t know, Yukari’s the one that-”

“There is none, my little girl”

Reimu’s shrug indicated that she was fine with that answer, and that was bad already, but then, she also seemed to remember having something to say.

“By the way, Meimu”

“Uh? What is it?”, he really was sensitive to tickling. Stupid Marisa.

“I hope you aren’t too eager to leave because of this”.

She showed him the front page of the Bunbunmaru Newspaper, it was an “extra” edition with a picture of what looked like him, Mystia, Rumia and Wriggle on a grassy field. Needless to say, said picture was taken when he was glomping Wriggle.

Needless to say, huge print characters read “FORBIDDEN LOVE”, so bold it could have been read from another continent.

“W-wait!”, she could at least have asked Marisa to stop torturing him, but she evidently approved of all that, “It’s not how it seems!”

“I hope so. But be warned:”, she pointed an accusing finger towards him, “If I ever see bug half-youkai children around, I’m going to come to the other side of the border and snatch you personally”.

“Take responsibility Meimu, take responsibility!”, was Marisa’s chant, as if the tickling torture wasn’t enough already.

“B-buh! Wa-!”

“Meimu be gone!”, Marisa yelled as she playfully pushed him inside the border.

Once inside, and once the tickling finished, everything looked less threatening and dangerous. The border itself was still pretty strange, but he was walking on a normal-like outdoors path in the midst of the unshaped non-euclidean chaos; That’s cool, I guess, at least there’s no soul-sucking elves around.

He walked, feeling weightless, he was approaching something and the landscape was starting to become more and more defined.

But then, he heard a chime that sounded a bit too familiar to that of a Windows ME error message, and the landscape suddenly turned into huge, blocky letters. There was very little to read, but it was very clear.

ERROR 403: FORBIDDEN


“Ah! Yukari! Something’s wrong!”

“See, Reimu-chan? I told you so!”, was the enthusiastic answer.

To Marisa, Alice and Ruukoto, who had no power on boundaries, everything looked exactly as before: a barrier made of absolute, utter nonsense; nothing changed between the moment Mokuren stepped in and the moment, a bit later, in which he was shot out with the force of a hurricane, nearly knocking everyone up in air and flying towards the horizon at the scream of “OOORANGEEEEEEeeeeeeeeees...”.

As he blinked out in the horizon, Marisa recovered her hat, “Whoa, you’re right, ze, something went wrong”.

“Ah! Mistress!”, Ruukoto said just before leaping into the air and flying in the direction Mokuren was shot; none of the others followed.

“Yukari, you have to explain this one”.

“Ara, ara, Reimu-chan... I can’t”, she giggled, covering her mouth with her fan, “I don’t know what’s wrong with my little girl”.

Needless to say, the red and white wasn’t really sold on that, “You’re not hiding me something, Yukari, are you?”.

“I have nothing to hide from you, Reimu-chan, you know I never would”.

“Well, anyways”, Alice intervened, “Now that the bugger is gone, can’t we just stop bothering about her? Not that we can do much if she isn’t here anyways”.

“Aww, but I was starting to like h-”.

“NO! I mean... Forget about her, Marisa, she’s not worth your time”.

As the coughing and blushing Alice started walking away, Reimu sighed, “Well, she’s right, we have to figure out what’s wrong with the border, first”.

“But Reimu-chan... As you have noticed, it’s not the border that is at fault, isn’t it built to keep people from entering and leaving, after all?”.

“Except when we both are here to make it otherwise, Yukari. The border never disobeyed me or you before, let alone the two of us combined”.

“But, but, but, Reimu-chan... Hasn’t the vampire lady laid her unholy fingers on my little girl? I’m sure she has something to do with all this”.

Reimu didn’t like the face Yukari was making, and she didn’t like what she was implying either, but there was little she could do without Mokuren to experiment with. But even if he was there, the barrier seemed to reject him with unnatural violence, making further experiments tricky at best.

In the meanwhile, Alice came back in all embarass once she noticed Marisa wasn’t following her (or even noticing she left), and as she returned she stated “Well, Reimu, good luck to you and your boundaries friend, I and Marisa will return to our business now, call us when that bugger with the sword is gone so we can celebrate. Kthxbye”

This time, she took the good measure of dragging Marisa along so she wouldn’t have a reason to come back again, which left Reimu and Yukari alone. Not a good situation, but not the worse Reimu has ever been into.

“This Mokuren girl...”, she shook her head, “There has to be something about her, I have the feeling I’m overlooking something very important”.

“Reimu-chan, you’re just overlooking yourself”, Yukari scuttled closer, “Why don’t you rest up a bit? You are just tired, a cozy nap will-”.

“No”, she promptly answered, “No, no and No again”. Then, tenseful silence filled the blank between her last “no” and a brief flash of insight inside Reimu’s brain; she gave Yukari a long look, the I-just-realized-you’re-hiding-me-something stare.

“Say, Yukari”, she mused, “Mokuren said you saved her from a youkai at her first night”.

“Ara, ara, indeed I have saved my girl”.

“And not only you have saved a human you could have eaten, you have taken her away from another youkai after you brought her here, and you’re not the compassionate sort”, the more she talked, the more Reimu was convincing herself that it was all Yukari’s fault, “It almost looks like you haven’t brought just an ordinary otherworlder in, Yukari. What are you planning?”.

Saying Yukari wasn’t in the mood for joking anymore would have been an overstatement, Yukari was never “not in the mood to joke around”, but something that Reimu said must have triggered her “plot advancement” subroutines.

“Say, Reimu-chan”, she then said, “What if there was something going on and I felt that my best trump card could be outside of Gensokyo itself?”.

“Something going on? What do you mean? There’s nothing going on, stop being so quizzical about everything, damn it!”.

“Awwww... Reimu-chan, you’re so cute when you’re angry!”.


He knew not how far he flied, let alone where he was, and for one thing he wasn’t even sure he was conscious or dreaming or if he just wake up from that long dream that his stay in Gensokyo must have been.

Giving the prick in his nose, he was clearly awake and conscious, and nose-deep in a field of random flowers. The flowers themselves were actually pretty and nice-smelling, even thought they didn’t make sense... They were supposed to belong to different seasons and climates and all.

But then, he was in a garden, and as he started to get up, he realized that yes, he was in somebody’s house.

... And he came in by crashing through the main gate.

No surprise his head was aching.

“Ouch”, he said without creativity, but his head was really aching, “Where am I?”

“In hell”.

He did not expect an answer, but then: he didn’t expect to see a cute girl standing in front of him like she’s been there the whole time, waiting for him to wake up just to make up for all the trouble he gave her by crashing in her house, taking the gate down.

Said girl was clothed in a cute pinkish chemise and a checkered red jacket and skirt, her moderately long green hair framed her face in a reservoir of absolute moé; the white parasol was preventing the sunlight from harming the delicate lighting effects on her figure, and her eyes were as deep as they were hopelessly beautiful.

And as she smiled, Mokuren thought Oh shit it’s Yuka! Get in the car!.

But there was no car.

“Oh”, he instead said, “So...”, he weighted every single word as if it could be his last, and it easily could, “Is it ok if I stay in hell even thought I’m not dead?”.

“No, but don’t worry”, Yuka seemed enthusiastic, “It’s nothing I can’t fix”.

“N-no, really, there’s nothing to fix... Look, I can even, like, get out of hell”.

“There’s no way out of hell, my little soon-to-be-gone friend”, she was smiling all the way, as if meeting a new friend and witnessing his depart had the same joy. Especially if his depart was caused personally with murder through excessive firepower.

“E-Eh?”, he knew he was supposed to draw his sword and fight, but he also knew it would have been a waste of last energies.

She extended her parasol in front of her, almost touching Mokuren, and stretched her other hand, the grin in her face, this time, was making her look like the main character of a supernatural horror story, one with many, many, many violent murders.

“Do what now?”, she said in a voice that made him freeze deep down to the bone.

He was supposed to be dead, but he heard a voice, a clear voice, shouting something at him, something like “You’re doing it wrong! GTFO NOW!”.

In less than one second, he managed to roll a natural 20 on his reflex saving throw, a violent rush of air accompanied his take off as he moved faster than he ever did in his life.

Not fast enough to dodge a Double Spark from that close, thought.

He took half damage, and realized it was not only enough to send him way below 0 hps, but also way below -10 and probably way below -infinite anyways; he meditated on the special qualities of his barrier jacket as he crash landed several hundred meters away, out of the house and into a forest. He was hurting all over as if he had been ran through by the most powerful spell in Gensokyo, and if there were two of them cast at the same time.

Since it was actually the case, he was hurting so bad he wasn’t feeling any pain, just the dull awareness that yes, it hurt, and no, it wasn’t going to stop hurting anytime soon. He coughed up smoke, and firmly decided he didn’t want to know how that could happen. He tried to stand but failed, he couldn’t even feel his muscles, let alone use them.

“Pretty close one, huh?”, he heard again; it was a female voice, it sounded pretty energic and rather tomboyish, but was somehow soothing too. And it came from inside his head, which was curious.

And just who are you?, he thought, since he couldn’t speak.

“Somebody who saved your ass. Anonymous does not forgive, especially if they hurt her precious”.

That didn’t made sense, or maybe it did, Cool, can you help me move?.

“No”, was the simple and flat-out answer, “But don’t worry, there’s somebody that’s covering for you”.

He had enough strength to look around, or at least move his eyes, and he could see that... Well, if Yuka was angry because of the damage to her house, she was an idiot, because now there were entire sections missing. There were entire acres of forest missing, too. Say what, it was a surprise he was still in less than two pieces, and now that he thought about it, Yuka probably wasn’t angry at all.

But where was she, now?

He couldn’t see her, and couldn’t hear her either. Which was good, the farther he was from her, the better; maybe she left him for dead?

Who is covering for me, by the way?.

“Pranksters”, came the answer, “I think”.

He was starting to feel some sensitivity kicking back in, and he gladly took advantage of it to try move his body.

He promptly regreted trying.

Can’t you do something to help me?, he asked; he still didn’t have a clue who he was telepathically talking to, but he wasn’t in a condition to bother with such inane details.

“I guess so, but it won’t last long. Even talking to you costs me power I still can’t draw too well from you”.

Wha? Wait, hold on, you’re doing what from who?

“Details, details, just give me a second...”.

The agonizing, soul-searing pain that was about to kick in was suddenly dulled and stopped, “You can move now”, the voice explained, “But you’re better off trying to look for help before the effect runs out. I wouldn’t want you to die on me, you know”.

Thanks, he could get up, but he wasn’t trusting his muscles too much yet, the felt like they were going to break if he was to use them too much.

For some reason, Yuka wasn’t chasing him, and now that he was standing he could admire the sheer amount of destruction she laid just to get rid of him for no reason at all except for the heck of it, which was apparently a very valid reason for random destruction in Gensokyo.

He took advantage of that to hustle deeper into the non-destroyed forest.


Now, Mokuren was pretty used to walking in the wilderness and whatnot, but being in a place he has never been before was pretty harsh on him. That is, if he bothered to try follow a trail or a direction, but since he was navigating by sheer sixth sense it didn’t really matter. Except for the part in which he wasn’t meeting anything or anyone, which was pretty bad considering he was told the painkilling effect wouldn’t have lasted forever.

“There’s no use walking around like this”, he said, resuming his habit of talking to himself when he was alone; he somewhat expected to hear the voice again, but he didn’t. Well, she did say she couldn’t draw too much power from him, whatever that meant, “I guess I’ll just have to use my power detection prana”.

He then proceeded to focus, activating his awareness charm; he remembered that sort of “sixth sense” that warned him of danmaku users and people in general, he used it more than once, even thought he still wasn’t sure of what he was doing.

But it worked, and oh, the readings really explained something.

He grinned, drew his sword and fired off a wide blue beam on the top of a nearby tree; the impact was strong enough to shake several leaves off, making the ground tremble in the proximities.

Two fairies fell down, one on each other.

Bingo.

“Soooooo there”, he said with his sheepish grin, trying to look as intimidating as possible in his ragged, 0 hp state, “What do we have here? Fairies playing tricks on travelers? It seems you have picked the wrong person to play with”.

“WAAAAAH! We’re sorry!”, the two girls were dressed in white gowns... Or a white and a pinkish one, and they were clearly fairies; but didn’t he feel the presence of three? Oh well, nevermind the third one.

“We didn’t mean it! We’re honest! It’s Sunnymilk’s fault!”.

“No! It’s Luna’s! It was her idea to get you to Yuka’s place to see what would happen, not mine!”.

He intended to thank the two for actually covering up for him against Yuka, but this last piece of newsflash must have got to his nerves more than he could realize, because the two, after looking at his face, were now scared beyond health.

“Ooooh, pulling practical jokes, are we?”, he was trying to decide which one to kill first, and was about to disembowel both with just one swing, “I can imagine the fat laughs when I was about to be disintegrated, oh, that must have been very, very funny”, it almost looked as if his sword was going to spring out and kill the two fairies itself, without waiting for the miko’s arm to move, “So, did you have enough fun!”.

“Yes! Yes!”.

“NO! No! - I mean, maybe yes! But no!”.

“Enough of this!”, if he had a whip, he’d be cracking it menacingly, but swords don’t do that trick, “Where the hell am I, now? Answer quickly, or I’ll kill one and ask the other”.

“F-f-forest of magic!”.

“... Ok”, he sighed, he had to expect that, “Where’s the quickest way out?”.

“O-o-over there!”.

He sighed again, no good... “Fine, fine. Now go, before I botch my compassion check!”.

He didn’t need to ask again.

As he was left alone again, he took a moment to recollect his thought and do a mental checkup of his condition. It wasn’t too bad, but he couldn’t last long either, and with no place to fall back and recover he might as well consider himself toast.

“Come out, I know you’re there”, he then said, “I’m not going to hurt you”.

A third fairy, with long black hair and a blue dress, came down from a different tree; contrarily to her partners, she didn’t react bad to being discovered, “Interesting, I thought I was the only one with this kind of power”.

“Sixth sense and plot immunity is all I have, I damn better be able to make a living out of it”, he tried to smile, but found it somewhat hard, damn it, are my reaction times getting dizzy already? “Thanks for covering me, at least you didn’t left me out to die. I guess it’s more than I could ask out of a trio of fairies”.

“We were worried Yuka might come after us as well, it’s not like we got a crush on you”, she smiled, “Besides, now that I know you can sense us, we won’t be pulling pranks on you anymore; you scared my partners enough”.

“Very well”, the tip of his sword touched the ground and he assumed a much more relaxed pose, “Still, I would like to hear from you again every once in a while, your ability to hide and mislead people isn’t something I want used against me. To do that, I need to survive, thought”.

The fairy gave him a long, careful look, and she nodded, the hint of a smile still on her lips, “That’s nice. But you’re going to survive anyways, aren’t you? Such a big tough youkai as you shouldn’t have problems”.

“I’m human”.

A pause. “Oh”, the fairy said, “Well, guess it’s bad to be you”.

“It’s ‘it sucks to be you’. By the way, I’m Mokuren, temporary assistant miko at the Hakurei shrine”.

“Star Sapphire”, she said, “Well then, I guess it’s farewell for now, miss shrine maiden”.

“Well, if I can ask for a favor before you leave...”.


The forest of magic was a weird place, all in all, and navigating it was challenging to say the least, but Mokuren had a direction to follow, and he was happy enough with that.

The trees and foilage eventually gave in to prairies and roads, resulting in a more forgiving traveling experience. Unfortunately, Mokuren’s time was running out, and while he could keep walking onward, he was dragging his sword along the ground as if the only thing his numb hands could do was keep a resemblance of grip.

If I have to take a turn somewhere, I’m toast, he thought, even talking was too much of a strain, She said there was someone around here that could have helped me. Well, I guess this someone might have moved.

He sighed, trying to look up at the sky, albeit slowly, for sudden movements could have killed him on the spot, Now, now, Meimu, try to be positive, Reimu’s gonna be pissed if you die on her. You can’t die with debts.

He blinked, an extremely tall figure was towering in the horizon, it was all white, as if covered in fur, and had two short forelegs pointed onwards close to the tucked cat head. He blinked again, and he saw shining golden cats flying through the clouds.

Oh shit, I’m seeing 4chan memes. This can’t be good, he decided to move on anyways, doing his best to ignore the sexy young man with the jumpsuit, leisurely sitting on a public bench, but even then, the road looked like it was never coming to an end.

The party van screeched close to him, too close; he lost his balance and fell off the road, losing the grip on his sword. He clearly felt he didn’t have the strength to stand anymore, he didn’t feel pain, the numbness had taken over everything once the magical painkiller effect started running out; his vision had gotten murky and hazy, he had to strain his eyes to focus on anything, and all he could focus were blades of grass.

And Yotsuba, with a fairy costume and a magic wand, and her demented expression, looking at him.

“I will eat your soul”, she stated.

And in spite of everything, all he could do was smirk and say “Gb 2 /b/, n00b” before everything faded to black.


“Will she really be fine on her own?”

Reimu looked up from his talismans, she almost forgot about Patchouili until she was about to make dinner and noticed she wasn’t alone anymore. Well, not with just Yukari anyways; she and her devil familiar were taking Remilia’s order to sticking with Meimu’s situation pretty strictly, she didn’t remember that bookworm staying out of her library for that long.

“It’s not the first time she’s been out by herself, you know. She’s growing stronger too, I’m sure she can fend off a couple youkai”.

“I wonder...”, Patchouili looked a little distracted, in spite she brought piles of book to read, “I have the feeling something bad just happened to her”.

“I’m worried too”, Yukari of course didn’t leave, she was taking a sick interest in this, and it was never good when Yukari took interest in something, “My little girl, it’s late in the night and she still didn’t come home. My poor, poor little daughter...”.

“She’s not your daughter”, Reimu sure was going through a lot of excitement lately, unusually so, even for a Gensokyo period, “You’re youkai, she’s human, she can’t be your daughter. And even if she was, I wouldn’t want to know who’s the father”.

“Reimu-chan, I’m sorry, I didn’t tell you...”, she looked away, blushing on command, “I had an affair with Marisa...”.

Reimu’s veins were growing bigger in spite her general expression didn’t change, “Stop talking nonsense”.

“I’m sorry, Reimu-chan, I stole your lover for just a night!”, she then somehow popped out behind her and embraced her warmly, “... But if you want, I can give the night ba-”.

One Evil Sealing Circle later, the kitchen was back with just her, Patchu and Koakuma. And a hole in the ceiling.

“It’s not that”, Patchouili said after a while, not bothering to make sure there was a connection with what happened before, “It’s just that it’s strange she hasn’t come back yet. The Hakurei shrine is not too difficult to spot for a flier, and her robot maid went looking for her too”.

“I bet she’s chasing the skirts of that bug youkai”, Reimu paused, then shook her head, “No, that’d be chasing her trousers... She doesn’t wear skirts”.

“I hope so, at least she’d be fine”, Patchouili looked back down on her books.

A quiet, peaceful and appropriate silence fell back down in the kitchen. Rice and miso soup wasn’t much of a grand meal, but Reimu was tired enough from the latest events that she didn’t even feel like complaining about her bacheloric lifestyle; in a way, it even felt good to go back to such simple roots, especially with the sudden amount of excitement that went her way in the past days.

“It’s strange”, she then said.

“What is?” Patchouili didn’t even bother to look up, Marisa was pretty used to this, Reimu a little bit less, which made her pause a little bit before continuing.

“Meimu”, she simply claimed, “She’s a quiet girl, all in all. When it gets quiet, it’s as if the silence isn’t the same without her”, she paused again, pondering on her words the moment after she said them, “And it’s odd, but I feel like her name is fitting, even if it’s a sick inside joke variation of mine”.

“You miss her when things aren’t lively, like with Marisa, but for different reasons”, Patchouili nodded sagely, “That girl is a very unusual one”.

Moments of silence passed, and both started noticing something was wrong.

“... Marisa?”.

Patchouili blinked, then blushed, “It was... Just an example”.

She moved the book closer, as if to cover her face, but it was clear she was deep red in the face and regretting being so open-mouthed about something; even Reimu, who wanted to delve deeper into this particular development, decided to look away and leave it be.

She wouldn’t admit it even on the brink of death, but she had gotten a bit red too.


Shikieiki Yamaxanadu, Yama queen and judge of hell, her job was to give all souls entering hell a fair judgement, have them reflect on their sins and repent, and then send them back to the reincarnation cycle (unless they were somehow beyond salvation).

She was mostly relaxing, it was a lazy day in hell, Gensokyo didn’t have such an extremely high death rate, especially considering it wasn’t too large and some creatures, like ghosts, fairies and hourai, couldn’t really die. Incidentally, they were the same kind of creatures who were more likely to “die”, so most days in hell were as lazy as this one.

Except for the moment in which Komachi, her servant shinigami, barged in Shiki’s studio, opening the door and posing at the entrance, “Boss! I brought in a weird one!”.

She immediately stood up (because the door banged loudly against the wall), blinking herself out of confusion and the sudoku she was deep into, “A... A weird one? What do you mean?”.

The weird one came in, she saw, and she realized.

“AAAAAH! MEIMU!”.

“Meimu?”, he slapped his palm on his face, “Ok, this is hell”.

“She claims she’s a man, she claims she comes from the outside world, and she claims to be a temporary assistant miko and she claims she’s not dead”, Komachi looked very proud of her catch, “Not bad, eh?”.

Shiki sighed heavily and sat back down behind her desk, “Yes, yes, not bad...”, she then looked up at Meimu... Well, she didn’t look like that other shrine maiden; she was taller, flatter and goth, and she had that “I’m-pissed-but-so-much-happened-I’m-just-really-tired” face that made her passage to the afterlife pretty meaningful.

“Well... Meimu? Is that really your name?”.

He opened his mouth, then closed it, thought deeply as to what say, and then eventually said “No, but call me like that please, it’s much easier, and everyone ends up doing so anyways”.

“Uh... Ok”, a really weird one, Shiki gave a glance to Komachi, who had this proudly demented expression, continuously expecting approval. Two weird ones, actually. “Yes, yes, thank you Komachi... Now-”

“Can I stay and listen to her judgement?”, she was really taking the girl’s fate to heart, and the girl (claiming to be a man? Why?) in question didn’t seem to mind too much, somehow.

“Well, I should summon the court and all...”, she didn’t feel like doing so, thought, just for one soul... And it looked like this soul had a pretty long and strange story to tell anyways.

“As I said, however, I’m not dead”, her voice was heavy with events and hardships, but rather calm nonetheless, and she seemed strangely unimpressed with all that happened. Not too surprising actually, considering it was a soul with high spiritual power, she must’ve been used to weird things already.

“I know it can be traumatic to acknowledge”, for this time, Shiki let her compassionate side float up to the surface, “But you really are dead if you are here. Don’t worry thought, it’s not bad; I’ll just have pass by your sins, have you reflect upon them, and when you’re done you’ll reincarnate”.

Meimu looked like she wanted to say something, but in the end she just sighed, took a chair to the other side of the desk and leant upon it with her arms, looking tired with her life even thought it was over. In the meantime, Shiki took a large, leather-bound book out and started flipping through it.

“Let’s see... Mmmh”, she started mentally reading through the lines, “You haven’t been too honest with yourself, have you? Well, it’s not too serious, but you should reflect on it so that you don’t do the same mistake in your next life”.

“I guess so”, Meimu sighed, “If I were given another chance, thought, I don’t know if I would have done things differently. It all worked out pretty well in the end”.

“I’m also seeing you haven’t been too honest with other people, especially about your feelings to them”, she quirked an eyebrow, “I hope you haven’t hurt hearts or stolen too many precious things”.

“Oh, again with these precious things, I-”, she stopped and sighed heavily, “... Ok, ok, I haven’t been too honest but... It’s not easy, you know”. She paused, “And if I had been honest, I’d have arrived here long ago”.

“I see. Understandable, but still-”. She stopped, suddenly, and blinked. She flipped back and forth from a couple pages, looked up at Meimu, looked back down at her book and then up at Meimu again. “... Where are them?”.

“... What?”.

“The pages”, she flipped back and forth again, “Your past. Where did it go?”.

Meimu blinked, then sighed, “I told you, I come from the outside world... These pages probably refer to my sins in Gensokyo only”.

Shiki blinked, then looked up at Komachi whose expression was even prouder and even stupider, “Well...”, the judge of the dead flipped again through the pages, then was forced to nod, “I see... I must admit you can be overly honest when you have to”.

“Thanks, it’s called desperation”.

“At any rate, you died under my jurisdiction, so I have to process you”, she smiled, “Don’t worry, with such a short record, you only have a little bit of time to spend in hell. If you’re lucky, you can be reincarnated in a couple days’ time”.

“If you want”, Komachi intruded, “You can even have some control on what you will reincarnate into. I’m pretty sure you would make a great youkai out there”.

Mokuren blinked, “Youkai?”.

“Well, considering your spiritual power, there is a chance you can come back as a youkai”, Shiki nodded sagely, “It’s not a very slim one, either”.

Mokuren blinked again, then started snickering, Oh, this is just great... “Hi guys, sorry if I haven’t called lately, I’ve been stranded in Gensokyo. Oh, and I died and became a monster that shouldn’t exist here with powers that flush all science down the toilet. Did you miss me?”.

“I’m sorry”, he eventually said, “But I really think this isn’t going to happen, not now at least. See, I’m not dead, really”.

“Look, Meimu, I know it’s hard to acknowledge, but-”.

“... But what is this, then?”.

And she pointed to a silvery cord tied to her back, which was running straight into one direction and eventually fading through the door.

Shikieiki looked at the cord, looked at Meimu, looked at Komachi, then back at the cord. Then back at Komachi. “Komachi, do you know what that thing is?”.

The death god blinked, “No, what is it?”.

“It’s a silver cord”, Shikieiki explained, “It ties the soul to its body, so that in case of out-of-body experiences, the traveler can track back his body and return safely inside”.

“Oh”, said Komachi, but she clearly didn’t get it.

“IDIOT!”, was Shiki’s reaction, accompanied by smacking her servant in the face with that... Rod of hers, “She’s right! She’s not dead yet!”

Meimu sighed, “Well, not that we all agree I’m not dead, can I leave? I have pressing business like, for example, try to survive”.

“Well, relax, Meimu”, Shiki sat down, adjusting her hat and wiping her doublet before taking a more composed air, “You are not dead yet, but your silver cord doesn’t look good. If it keeps fading like that, it’s only a matter of time”.

Mokuren peeked at his back, and couldn’t help but agreeing with her; the silvery cord with an almost starry pattern was flickering and blurring, getting weaker by the moment; it was a slow process, but it sure was much, much weaker than when he entered the room.

“I guess there’s nothing I can do about this, is there?”

Shikieiki shook her head, lifting her hat to pass a hand through her green hair, “I’m sorry; unless something in the living world happens, all we have to do is wait”.

And so they were going to do, except Mokuren felt a sudden chill to the spine; he turned, and noticed his silvery cord had froze. It didn’t blur or move anymore, it’s as if it froze in time, stopping its decay.

... And lengthening his stay in that stupid limbo.

“Well, what is it now?”, he moaned.


She boggled at the result, blinking herself out of stupor, she lifted her gaze and her eyes met the fairy’s, and her up thumb.

“EYE AM GREAT!”, she shouted, “Eye can freeze humans, too!”

Ruukoto looked at her mistress, peacefully frozen in a prison of ice as if she was just sleeping, then back up at the blue-haired fairy with the intelligence and awareness of an overused internet meme. She was proud of it; she was proud of it, that was the worst part.

“WHAT DID YOU DO?!?”

Cirno instinctively cowered, the band-aid on her forehead was a pretty good (and fresh) reminder that Ruukoto was not the kind of person to piss off, “Waaah! What else did you want ? I’se a snow fairy!”

“My mistress is frozen in ice! How am I going to save her now?”.

The robot maid kneeled down by her mistress, she was on the verge of tears, which was pretty odd considered she wasn’t supposed to have such biological functions, but Cirno was more worried that she could go berserk again, so she thought hard for a solution.

“AHA!”, she then said, as the hamster powering her brain had a heart attack and died horribly in soul-searing agony for having overworked, “I know! We need a prince!”.

“... A prince?”

“YES! A prince!”, she nodded proudly, “When you need to wake up a princess, you need to have a prince kiss her!”.

“But mistress is not a princess...”, Ruukoto looked depressed, caressing the ice casing, unaware that a princess kissing an ice casing containing a frozen human being was the most ineffective cure since banging one’s head against a spiked wall.

“Uh... Well, she can be. Is there not a game called Princess Bride or something? She can be that”.

“But my mistress is not a bride, either!”, Ruukoto then stopped, and her wicked and sick artificial intelligence started visualizing images of Meimu in a bride’s dress. Long, flowing and pitch black.

“Uh...”, Cirno was starting to get out of options and brain power, and ordering another hamster would have taken time, and drawn the righteous anger of the WWF, “We can... Dress her up?”.

Ruukoto quickly slapped her hand on her nose, in time to prevent the blood to spray on the ice casing, since it could have melt it, “N... No”, she said as she turned, muffled behind her own hands, “We... We can’t”.

Moments of embarassed silence followed as Ruukoto used some water and a handkerchief to wash herself. “Well then”, she said as she stood up, “We need to find a prince”.



It was a weird situation, even thought Ruukoto’s creativity routines were overly active in imagining a prince kissing her mistress out of the ice, she was fired up and extremely confident in finding a suitable prince to break the enchantment.

Of course she dragged Cirno along; the snow fairy didn’t really agree, but once you are pwnt in a danmaku fight, free will stops being important. Not that it is anywhere near important in Gensokyo anyways, danmaku makes right and stuff.

The quest for the prince was clashing against one of the most basic barriers in the cruel world of Gensokyo:

There weren’t any men.

“Actually, where do we find a prince?”, Cirno was the first to wonder about that, which wasn’t a surprise considering she asked long after they set forth. Maybe the fact Ruukoto didn’t ask already could be suspicious, if not for the fact her blind devotion covers for the apparent stupidity.

Ruukoto found herself in a tight spot, the only man around was her mistress, but of course she couldn’t realize/accept it. The othe one was Rinnosuke, but between his sexy beam and his rumored appreciation for dark, muscular men, nobody with any hint of common sense would have expected him to cover for the position of “prince” of anything.

If Mokuren was awake and able to listen, he would have got a disturbing mental image of Rinnosuke doing a Fresh Prince of Gensokyo TV drama, but luckily he was deep down in hell, playing sudoku with Shiki and Komachi.

“I know!”, Ruukoto had a very brilliant idea, “I read on a newspaper that mistress is intimate with a tomboy youkai, I’m sure she can count as a prince for the purpose of using prince-like powers!”.

“Prince-like what?”, Cirno looked confused like every time somebody uttered a sentence more than two words long.

“Prince-like powers; if she’s tomboy enough, she should have the Use Plot Powers skill that allows her to bypass gender requirements for Romancer level checks”, Ruukoto nodded to herself, “That makes sense, we must look for that bug youkai!”.


Needless to say, this bug youkai had the weird power of being surprisingly easy to find when she least needed to. Needless to say, she wanted to have nothing to do with the accident.

“I’m not going to kiss anyone! Let alone a block of ice! It’s cold!”, she was hopelessly grounded in that idea, “And how do you expect a kiss to solve this problem, anyways? It’d only get my lips stuck!”.

Ruukoto was still calm enough to avoid killing everything in sight in front of that refusal, so she tried a more diplomatic approach, “But we need a prince to wake her up with a kiss. You’re the closest one, so-”.

“I’m a girl, damn it! What’s so hard to understand?”.

Ruukoto pressed her diplomacy protocols, keeping her EXTERMINATE ones at bay, “But she cared for you, and I’m sure the feeling is reciprocal. Even if you’re not a prince, she can be a princess bride or something, and you can take her as your... Bride, and brides may kiss and...”.

Words could hardly describe the face Wriggle was making. Dumbfound would have been the understatement of the year, same goes with puzzled and bewildered. “Just... What are you talking about? Are you sane?”.

Ruukoto stopped, then pressed her index fingers together in a shy, childish manner, “But... I just got a bit carried on... But you and mistress can still-”

“NO.”

An awkward silence followed, during which Cirno’s substandard understanding abilities managed to put one and one together and consider there was a pretty high chance for Ruukoto to go berserk again and who knows what could happen then.

“Is that so~?”, Rumia barged in completely unnoticed in spite it was barely past noon and her choice in dressing gave her a camouflage rating of about -75% “Whoa! Moku-oneesama is frozen solid!” was her other, totally carefree comment.

“Fro-zen! Fro-zen!”, Mystia joined the party, which was now composed of five members; six if we consider Mokuren; unfortunately, nobody had skills or items that could remove the Frozen status, which kind of sucked since they had a useless party slot because of that.

“By the way”, said Wriggle, uncaring about the intrusions, “I thought you only froze frogs”.

“Eye do, but stupid maid made me ice black and bluey and now she’s faulting me!”.

“I’m not blaming you”, Ruukoto explained, her exterminate protocols sent aback once again for sheer chance (and to Cirno’s advantage), “I expect you to cooperate to restore my mistress’ health, not just prevent her from dying!”.


Meanwhile, in the forest of magic, far from where Mokuren and his party were, a young samurai girl was doing the laundry by a river not far from a very humble hut, barely a shelter from the weather and a good spot for fishing; the girl herself, dressed in an unassuming red kimono and hakama, was washing another identical set of clothing. And panties.

“Ho, ho, ho, a samurai in a place like this?”, as with always, washing panties or somehow manipulating intimate wear was the only and single moment in which one could get interrupted; the girl turned, hiding the striped panties with strawberry motives behind her figure, “No, more like a ronin, it seems. A samurai would sure have a decent chamber by her lord’s castle. And servants that could do her laundry”.

Samurai girl gave the stranger a long stare, it was a rather tall young woman with blue hair tied in a simple ponytail and a mischevious face with the wrongest pair of dark yellow eyes ever seen on earth; her dressing style was resumable in “standard dungeon explorer”, complete with asymmetrical light armor and a heavy scabbard with a handy strap, holding a strange bluish sword inside.

She then returned to her laundry, sighing heavily and looking at her striped panties as if they were her only friend, “So lonely have I become...? To see random RPG characters around...”.

“Don’t dismiss me like some sort of hallucination!”, the random RPG character didn’t vanish, but rather became pissed, “I need sane samurai for hire, not crazed loonies!”.

“Well, I’m sorry, but I’m not for hire”, samurai girl was minding nothing beyond her own laundry now, and she somehow had plenty to dry after she was done, “I am fine without a master, I have learned to live on my own in this unforgiving land. Also, it’s not safe to trust strangers that wander this forest”.

Silence fell between the two, random RPG girl scratched her head with her free hand, this was an unexpected turn... She figured a samurai would take something like, oh, honor to heart? Ah, the good ol’ times really were gone, “Now, don’t talk to me like I’m a weirdo, I need a honorable samurai, honorable and skilled. Possibly skilled, I don’t really give a damn about honor”, her I’m-not-planning-anything-good smirk returned, “So, are you up or not?”.

“I’m afraid not”, samurai girl didn’t even turn, “I have given up trying to lead a normal life long ago, and since then I decided to lead a satisfying life instead. Please look elsewhere as I cannot satisfy your needs”.

A brief silence followed, “What if I don’t give you a choice?”.

The girl stood up, hanging her just washed set of panties to dry, before bending down to pick up a finely engraved scabbard, the first clearly japanese sword ever seen up to now in this story, “If that is the case, I would be forced to dispatch you before returning to my satisfying life”.

The merry expression of random RPG girl, looked from the outside, was simply a crazed smile as she unsheathed her blue, single-edged sword, carved in magical symbols and with a gem near the guard, so dull it almost looked like the void was inside; she still held the scabbard tight by the strap, as if it was as fundamental an asset as the sword itself, “Well, bring it on, samurai girl”.

From the moment Samurai Girl unsheathed her sword, the weight and composition of air changed, static charges started running between the two, creating a stilled atmosphere in which any movement could send lightning blasting away in any direction, not to mention the usually high risk of danmaku proliferation.

Random RPG girl looked even more amused, as if she actually came from an anime of cute but secretly homicidal girls, “Is that your sakki, Samurai Girl? I hope your swords(wo)manship won’t disappoint me”.

None of the two looked like they were going to attack, even thought the air was no less tense; the wind stopped blowing for fear of getting hurt and the small animals had already reached their danmaku-proof bunkers, long before the two even thought of drawing their swords.

Like in some kind of shonen anime mind battle, nothing happened, not even third-party commentary on the fact nothing was happening (obviously), no insight on what the two girls were thinking, just a steely nerved glare clashing against a blatantly crazed one, for many long moments.

Eventually, air left Samurai Girl’s lungs, and she sheathed her sword, “It’s no use. I am beaten”.

The wind resumed blowing as if it too had held its breath for the whole time instead of just disappearing. Needless to say, Random RPG Girl was somewhat dumbfound, which made her hair a bit messy, “... What?”.

“I feel your vibe”, Samurai Girl explained, “You’re like one who once beat me. No...”, her hand still rested on her sword, but clearly without the intention of drawing it again, “You are different, my sakki did not simply bounce off you, it bounced back at me”.

RPG Girl composed herself, chuckling in self-satisfaction, “I see, you did see through my appearance in the end, didn’t you?”.

If possible, Samurai Girl looked a little bit less tense, “You must be a goddess, the embodiment of the spirit of the sword, or-”.

“What?”, her face didn’t look pleased, but rather distorted, like the anime representation of a yakuza member, “Are you dense? Are you retarded? Who the hell do you think I am?”, she then forcefully sheathed the sword back in the heavy scabbard, right in front of her, the void-filled gem flashing for a moment, “I am the goddamn sword”.


Back on the other side of the Forest of Magic, things had gone downhill already.

Deep in the ⑨ team’s HQ, with Meimu’s frozen body back in a corner of the room, Cirno was illustrating her attack plan.

“This is where we go”, she said, pointing a spot in the horrendously scribbled whiteboard with a stick she found somewhere on the ground, “I will be the tank, Mystia stays back with support and heal, Rumia will do the DPS thing and Wriggle is the AoE girl”.

Of course, all the writings didn’t make sense, and there was no reason for them to wear military helmets with the ⑨ insigna, not that the other three girls were really paying much attention to Cirno anyways. Except for Ruukoto, who noticed there was absolutely no plan on the whiteboard, or anything that made sense, but being the only one to notice, she felt stupid and pretended to understand.

“Is that so~?”, Rumia raised her hand frantically, after having spoken already, “Captain Cirno, captain Cirno, who are we ganking?”.

Feeling herself at a loss of words for having forgot to think of such a basic detail, Cirno decided to make up things on the spot, “Whoever we lay our hands upon!”.

“Wuh? Why should we gank random n00bs? That’s not l33t at all”, argued Wriggle, who didn’t appear too interested.

“Because... Uh...”, Cirno’s pupils started to turn into a ⑨ as her absolute inability to come up with a plan started showing, “Because... If we gank random n00bs, the problem’s going to solve itself!”.

Everyone thought about it for a long moment, then everyone nodded in unsion, “Uh, uh... True”.

“Ruukoto!”, Captain Cirno’s command admitted no talking back, “What do your mecha eyes see?”.

“Eh?”, caught dumbfound, Ruukoto looked up in the clear afternoon sky (because the HQ was actually just a clearing in the very sparse woods), “Uh, I see... Uh...”, she focused her robotic sight, scouting the area to detect lifeforms, until she targeted something.

“Over there!”, she then screamed, and everyone turned to see... A distant dot, flying at reasonable speed, not really hard to catch up, were they to move immediately.

“Party, dispatch!”, Cirno shouted, and everyone moved immediately with the coordination of a party that didn’t made sense, played by monkeys on crack.

Not too far away, Mokou was quietly flying along to pay a visit to her (only) friend Keine, unaware of being the target of a ganking attempt. If she knew she was, she’d probably have laughed herself to death, but she didn’t, so when she noticed the barrage of ice shards flying towards her, she was surprised enough to be pissed rather than amused.

“I’m pulling!”, Captain Cirno exclaimed, “Be ready to strike as soon as she-”.

“As soon as I what?”.

Cirno had to suddenly brake in mid-air to avoid colliding with Mokou, and worst of all, her spell card, Icicle Fall, was ineffective! How could that be? The ⑨ factor was rapidly increasing...

“Whoa! Fast!”, was Wriggle’s comment.

“Is that so~?”, was Rumia’s unimpressed comment.

“What now, chief?”, was Mystia’s question.

“Now you die”, was Mokou’s answer.

As Cirno was about to say something, a blast of fire engulfed her, sending the fairy flying down to the earth, blowing a crater in her landing and rising more earth and dust than it was healthy to, the other three instinctively pulled back, but Mokou just smirked, “Flee if you wish, you’re all going down anyways”.

“Is that so~?”, Rumia was the first to react, flying higher in the air, setting above everyone else to get a good view in her cross pose, “Moon sign: Moonlight ray!”.

Two beams of solid energy crossed paths in Mokou’s direction, forcing her to move away from the other party members (and said party members were too forced to get away), the following spread of bullets made sure that she couldn’t easily return to close striking range; the child youkai focused her fire to give Mokou little space to maneuver and properly avoid the constantly returning beams.

“Here I go!”, Mystia came back into the spirit and flapped her wings with excitement, “Healing type youkai ready! Vocal sign: Howl of the Horned Owl!”.

The bullet pattern shooting from Mystia was widely spread, managing to both cover Rumia’s position and giving Wriggle a place to hide and reorganize so that she could shoot something on her own. Mokou however looked unimpressed, chuckling between herself as she dodged the linked patterns with her arms crossed, “N00bs, you clearly don’t have a clue on how to pull a mob of my rank”, she said before she darted straight towards Rumia, evading her bullets as if they didn’t exist.

“Oh, no, you won’t!”, Wriggle stopped, firing off a group of slave spirits to aid her in her upcoming spell, “Lamp sign: Firefly phenomenon!”.

The sheer barrage of green bullets shot between Rumia and Mokou forced the hourai to stop on her tracks, and then go back because of the combined assault of Wriggle’s servant-directed barrage and Rumia’s lasers, who kept running even if she couldn’t see Mokou too well; Mystia’s own pattern assured that their enemy couldn’t close up with them too fast by barring the most obvious weak spots in each’s barrage.

“Not bad”, Mokou conceded, “But not enough for one of my caliber”.

“Is that so~?”

A pair of fiery wings extended majestically from Mokou’s back, a single flap distorting the direction of the bullets around her, allowing her to stand still and smirk as she said, “Oh, no, it’s worse than you think”.

A quick fire of extremely accurate fireballs shot down all of Wriggle’s slaves, taking her accurate fire option out and creating enough smoke to make her lose sight of the enemy for a moment, barely enough for Mokou to start diving fast towards her, so fast that not even Rumia’s lasers or Mystia’s barrage could cover her.

“Damn!”, Wriggle’s panicked reaction was to re-summon her slaves and resume the barrage at full power, but as soon as she managed to start that, Mokou passed by, leaving a trail of flames in the sky that forced Wriggle to close her eyes for a moment, fire burst around her, forcing her to move away and out of Mystia’s protective barrage.

“Where is she? Where is she?”.

“I... I don’t know!”, Rumia looked a little less cheerful now.

“I’m over here”.

It was just a whisper, but everyone heard it. Mystia’s eyes shrunk around the pupil as she realized the voice came from right behind her.

“Fire bird: Flying Phoenix”, she said out of time, the moment later her wings flapped, leaving a scorching barrage of fire bursting in front of her in the shape of a bird, snatching a screaming Mystia and tackling her straight to the ground, where it exploded in a vast display of fiery power, immediately starting a fire so hot it was melting trees.

“Healer’s down, now who’s going to restore your Hps?”, Mokou chuckled, effortlessly producing more orbs of fire around her figure, “I hope you have scrolls of escape in your inventory”.

Rumia and Wriggle looked at each other, Cirno was taken down before she could react, and Mystia was annihilated as if she wasn’t even trying, “... Whatever should we do?”, was Rumia’s extremely uneasy question.

Wriggle looked up at Mokou, who wanted to give them all the time in the world to think (she was having fun, the bastard), then at Rumia, then just a glance to the fire where Mystia (or her remains) was presumably in. She didn’t want to end up like that.

“Shit, we don’t even have a choice”, she muttered, looking up at Mokou, “That bastard...”.

“So, out of res scrolls and potions?”, Mokou yawned, “Well, since you can’t disconnect from this server, I guess you’re in for a world of hurt...”.

“Rumia...”, Wriggle paused, as if biting her tongue for what she was about to say, “... We can’t go down without a fight”.

A moment of silent admiration followed, after which Rumia returned to smile, “You know Wriggle, I’m fine with this”, her childish voice had a somewhat serious tone, even thought it still sounded happy, “Because it’s for Moku-oneesama’s sake”.

Wriggle blinked, “Moku- You mean that dark miko girl?”

Rumia nodded, “She beat me at an eye beam contest, she played with me all night, she was very nice. I’m happy to have met her”, she smiled, “I’m sure she would do the same for me”.

It was as if time froze in revelation, Rumia talking like that, it was never heard of. If Aya was there, she would be making one hell of a gossip service, Rumia getting this far for someone else’s sake was earth-shattering. Come think of it, even Cirno and Mystia looked in for it for more than just fun, after all, even Mystia could clearly see what happened to Cirno, and didn’t retreat.

“Just what are you?”, she muttered under her breath, “Getting youkai you barely know fight for you to the death...”

“I’m getting old over here...”, Mokou yawned again.

They looked at each other again, then nodded, Rumia springing high above her companion, “Darkness sign: Demarcation!”.

“Wriggle sign: Nightbug tornado!”.

Althought they weren’t coordinated like before, the barrage of bullet the two combined could produced was thick enough to give a headache to even the most accustomed danmaku fighters, and its beauty was such that a lesser person would be enraptured and hit by sheer distraction. Unfortunately, Mokou did not belong to this party, and her fiery wings were blistering so hard that Rumia was starting to have troubles aiming her shots, and their combined wide area barrage was still not enough to keep Mokou at bay.

For some reason, however, Mokou stopped at medium range; sort of unusual considering she has only been attacking from close up until now, which was something the two youkai clearly underestimated. Too late to cry over spilled milk, especially after Mokou called “Forgiveness: Honest man’s Death”.

Its sudden burst and the sheer speed of its bullets was far beyond what the two youkai had ever experienced, Rumia was hit on the side by a stray stream, moving her straight in the line of the main barrage, where high-speed large bullets rammed repeatedly in her stomach, sending her way up in the sky until she was out of range, at which point she continued until gravity claimed her.

“R-Rumia!”, somehow evading the bullet pattern, Wriggle rushed to save her, not even Rumia could survive such a fall, assuming she survived getting hit square in the guts so many times, but after the first dozen or so of meters, she was moved to the side by a powerful kick to the face.

“Just where do you think you’re going?”, she could barely spot her devilish grin before Mokou resumed her attack, by simply kicking her in the face, her legs turning into berserking pistons, the only thing Wriggle could feel was that she was gaining ridiculous speeds and that she was going down fast, deep into a zone where it was much hotter than the norm, probably in the raging inferno caused by the attack that took Mystia down... But before the pain from the first kick could reach her, she slammed head first into the ground, instantly reaching the realm of unconsciousness.

Mokou flew unscathed over the flames, lazily dusting her trousers off, “Hmpf, n00bs, can’t even pull and protect their support”, she commented, before something hit her in the back; a fifth opponent? No, it was a very weak hit...

She looked down, seeing the ice fairy she thought she took down with her first attack; the icicles she shot were mostly melt by the heat of her phoenix wings, she was hit with balls of water in the end, which made the scene even more pathetic, “Come on”, she smirked, “Don’t say you’re going to do a last stand by yourself”.

Cirno didn’t look too good, but she was good enough to be able to fight, or at least try to. “Stupid, stupid person!”, she shouted, “We’re just trying to help a friend, but you had to spoil everything! It must be your fault! Stupid, stupid person!”.

“Oh, and what are you going to do about it? Cry?”, as soon as Mokou finished the sentence, she noticed that, in fact, Cirno was crying, althought wiping her eyes often enough to pretend she wasn’t.

“You hurt my friends”, her voice was really broken at this point, “Don’t you know what’s like to have hurt friends? I’ll never, never forgive you!”.

Mokou blinked. Friends? To her, that idea didn’t even exist, the fact somebody could resort to it in a fight was even more ridiculous. Friends? Did she have friends? The only person she could consider like that was Keine, but even then, they were just mutually helping each other.

... Or not? What if Keine got seriously hurt in front of someone else? By Kaguya, to name an absolutely random and unrelated person.

For a moment, Mokou’s eyes burned with an anger she seldom felt, even when facing Kaguya herself.

“Snow sign: Diamond Blizzard!”, Cirno shouted as she dived towards Mokou.

“Hourai: Fujiyama Volcano”, Mokou answered, no emotion betraying her feelings.

The sea of icicles melt into water almost instantly, turning into gaseous form before the flying inferno tackled Cirno down to the ground, the explosion feeding the previous one, creating a huge bonfire engulfing a non indifferent part of the Forest of Magic.

Mokou landed not too far away; she smelled something going on, and was decided to go to the ends of it. A fairy and three youkai just went into a suicide fight for somebody’s sake, with claims of friendship on top of that, she had to see who they were talking about.

A robot maid blocked her way, she was standing there with her arms stretched out, her eyes firm with a steely determination to not let anyone beyond that point.

“One more step”, she warned in a cold, detatched voice, “And I’ll blow myself up”.

Mokou stood there, crossing her arms, “Even if you blow yourself and disintegrate me, I’m immortal, I’ll just come back”.

The maid still did not move, so Mokou just took a peek behind her shoulder and...

“... Oh for the love of...”

“... W-what?”, Ruukoto blinked, that was a strange face Mokou made, was it a trick? Better keep the guard up and the self-destruct protocols at hand.

“It can’t be”, she blinked again, then chuckled, “That... That girl?”.

What started with a chuckle became a laugh, and moments later Mokou was rolling on the grass in front of a raging inferno and, most importantly, the most befuddled Ruukoto ever seen in these pages.

It took her several attempts and deep breaths and eye wipes to recover, barely. “I lol’d!”, she commented.

“Uh...”, Ruukoto felt a little embarassed in not knowing what was going on, “... Why did you laugh like that?”.

Just remembering almost made Mokou rofl again, but she somehow resisted, “I... I can’t believe it, a mere human is behind all this?”.

Ruukoto took a glance at her frozen mistress; yes, she was a mere human, so? What was wrong with that?

“Move”, Ruukoto noticed too late that Mokou had approached, and pushed her to the side, “Let me see... Oh, she’s frozen solid”.

“B-buh!”, the maid shouted in panic, “G-get away from my mistress! Or I will... I will...”

“Oh, shut up”, phoenix wings sprouted from Mokou’s back, starting to melt Mokuren’s ice casing, “How did she get into such situation?”.

“She... She fought a terrible opponent, yes!”, she tried not to make it sound like she made it on the spot, “Tougher than you, too! And she just barely lost!”. She then noticed what was happening, “Aaaah! Stop! If you unfreeze her she’ll-”.

“Oh, shut up, I know what I’m doing”, Mokuren was gaining color again, but not much; in fact, he was still pretty pale, and it was doubtless that whoever he fought with gave him quite a sound beating, “Mmmh, last time I saw her, she was weaker than the fairy I just blasted, I wonder what puny creature hit h-”.

She instinctively retracted her hand from Mokuren’s chest, she felt a... Strange vibe from him, as if the leftover energy he was hit with was still lingering. “Holy... What was that?”, she muttered.

Ruukoto leaned over, evidently worried, “Can... Can we do something about it? She’s dying, I don’t want my mistress to die, I cannot live without-”.

“Oh, shut up, I know what I’m doing”, Mokou repeated, but in her thoughts, she was really just wondering what could have hit her with such power.

And how that human survived.

“Leave her to me”, Mokou said, taking Mokuren in her arms, “I’ll bring her to Keine, she’ll make up something”.

“B-but...”, Ruukoto blinked, fought between hope and distrust, “How can I trust you? After what you did to her friends...”.

“They’re youkai, the world’s better off without them anyways. And fairies can’t really die, so I didn’t kill all of them”.

Ruukoto looked at her, then sighed, and started running into the fire.

“Whoa! Wait!”, Mokou shouted, “Where are you going?”.

“They’re my mistress’ friends!”, she answered, “If she were to wake up and find them dead, she’d suffer too much, and I don’t want that to happen!”, the moment later, she disappeared in the fire, in front of a blinking Mokou.

“Maids...”, she shook her head, and took off.


“A!”.

“Oh? Did you get it?”

Shinki and Mokuren were trying to complete the Lunatic-level sudoku in the latest issue of Hell’s Weekly Enigma while Komachi was reading comics on the floor; a lazy day in hell, but Mokuren’s situation was (slightly) changing.

“My silver cord started degrading again”.

“Oh, this is bad”, Shiki stated in an overly undramatic tone, “I guess you’re getting closer to your death”.

“Too bad”, he sighed, “There were many things I still wanted to do”, he answered in an equally undramatic tone.

“Don’t worry, you can do them in your next life”. And they got back to their sudoku.


Patchouili was drawing feverishly, using many sheets of paper and consuming all of her attention, which usually went towards books of magic; this meant she was up to something, and it generally wasn’t a good sign.

“Mistress...?”, Koakuma seldom saw her like that, and she knew very well that it wasn’t a good sign, “Mistress...? What are you doing?”.

“The Gensokyo StrikerS are good, but they need to be improved”, she spoke with the ardor of an art director, taking the spirit of Sentai to heart, “First of all, the costumes need to be... Customized”.

Koakuma looked down on the pile of sketches, even going as far as opening the scrapped ones; one of the (luckily discarded) projects contemplated an animal theme. Still better than the vegetable-themed costumes at least.

“This is...”, she tried to look for kind, non-suspicious words to use, “... Impressive, mistress”.

“Uh”, she distractedly commented before coming to an abrupt alt, “A! I almost forgot!”.

She then grabbed Koakuma’s hands, both of them, looking at her straight in the eye from so close that her pure scent of leather binding and stale dust was picking into the devil’s nose, “Koakuma, I need your help”.

She froze, blinking away as if the sheer scent made her feel like dust was getting in her eyes, she was enraptured by the movement of Patchu’s lucid lips... What did she just say? “Uh... Y-yes mistress, of course...”, she couldn’t get her eyes off.

“We must improve the StrikerS lines”.

Improve, this word never sounded so sweet until her mistress said it with such a serious face; she would have taken arms against the whole world if her mistress so commanded, but since she commanded to help her in finding better lines for a sentai cosplay that was becoming too much a serious affair, she nodded her head with enthusiasm and claimed “Y-yes mistress! I’ll do everything in my power to help you out!”.

Patchou grinned, letting go of the devil’s hands, “Excellent...”, she said.


“This is bad!”, Keine claimed, and she meant it.

“Uh, told you she’s in bad shape”, Mokou was leaning against a wall in her high school delinquent pose, “Frankly, I’m just surprised she’s still alive after the hit she took, I brought her to you just to know how she pulled that off”.

Of course Mokou wanted to underline she was a bad girl, but Keine didn’t have the time nor the focus necessary to reprimand her for that. Instead, she was too rather dumbfound at how she could be still (barely) alive considering the energy from the attack she took was still lingering on her form, “I don’t know”, she admitted, “But it’s more than her human body can take. If only she was a bit stronger... It can’t be that she went this far just to die slowly in a bed”.

Mokou shrugged, “Cheer up, emo Keine, it’s one less person to bother about”.

Keine pondered carefully about the situation; it was clear from the beginning that she was an unusual guest in Gensokyo, but the implications of that kept going past her eyes; there was something she was missing, something apparently trivial, yet very important, and she couldn’t get it no matter how hard she tried.

“So, we going to wait until she dies? That’d be boring”, Mokou got off the wall and started heading out, “I’ll be out there, call me if something happens”.

Keine didn’t turn, she simply watched, trying to fight off that feeling of powerlessness to watch such an obvious McGuffin die in her arms. She caressed her hair, as if trying to get a grip on her fading life. Time was running out, and just how far was Keine willing to go to save a plot device?

She pondered on that as she gently caressed his carotid artery.


“So, it’s all like OBJECTION!!! and stuff?”.

“No, no”, Shikieiki chuckled, “It’s actually much cooler; not that the souls can say much in their defense, given I know all of their sins”.

“Mmmh, so I’m not going to see delicious attorney action? Well, that’s a pity... Aaaaaa...”, a warm-cold shiver run up his spine, giving him such a sudden feeling of... He didn’t know any word to describe it, he just wanted to feel it again.

“Uh? What’s up? Is the cord gone?”.

He looked behind himself and... “Uh, no. Actually, it’s got pretty big, and it’s pulsing with energy”, he blinked, turning back to Shiki, “Say, what could that meEEEEEEEeeeaaaaa-”.

With unexpectedly sudden force, he was yanked in a random direction, passing through walls and doors as if they didn’t exist, leaving a dumbfound judge of the dead alone in the room. With her servant, yes.

“... She’s gone”.

“Who’s gone?”, Komachi looked up from her manga as if nothing happened in the meanwhile.

“The soul you brought in. The one who wasn’t dead”.

The death goddess blinked, “I brought in a soul? When?”.

Silence fell between the two, before Komachi was poked with a 17 REPENT! combo.


“NOT THE ORANGES!!!”, he shouted as he woke up, sitting on the bed so fast it took him several moments to realize he strained his back doing so.

“Ah!”, was Keine’s reaction, “You’re awake!”.

Mokuren blinked, he was alive, somehow, he was at Keine’s home (which he suspected being his default respawn point by now) and Keine herself was by his bed. All in all, a pretty good situation, surely a good change from getting shot around and seeing memes; by comparison, his short trip in hell was pretty pleasant.

“Oh, uh”, he blinked, feeling a little numb all around, “Uh, yes”, he strained his brain trying to think of something less stupid to say, “Uh... Thanks for saving me, I guess. This is the second time, I wonder where I’d be without you”.

“Ah... Don’t worry about it. It was Mokou that rescued you, I didn’t do anything special, really”.

Mokuren blinked, “Mokou did?”, difficult to believe, why would Mokou want to save a puny human’s life? Why would Mokou do something compassionate at all? “Oh. Well, I suppose I should thank her”.

“I’ll give her your thanks. Don’t get her wrong, she’s just a bit shy”.

“Yes... I guess so”.

They smiled at each other, chuckling at nothing in particular, before the door was burst open, revealing a tall woman in a weird dress, carrying a sheathed sword that clearly didn’t belong to this place, “SURPRISE BUTTSHECKS!”.

She was not alone, behind her was Samurai Girl, who sighed at her friend’s actions, “I’m sorry, I’ll fix the door right away”, she said, before setting down her handy haversack and pulling out carpentry tools, as if she expected her friend to kick down doors at random.

“Wha-!”, Keine stood up, “Just who are yo-”.

“Oh, weird hat girl. Thanks for saving the butt of this loser”, she then walked past Keine as if she didn’t exist, stopping to flash an energic grin to an equally dumbfound Mokuren, “Yo! So you made it, huh?”.

He blinked, the voice sounded familiar, but what she was carrying was even more recognizable. “Wait, that’s my sword, where did you-”.

“Well somebody picked you up but forgot this very important part”.

“Wait, I didn’t even have that scab-”.

“So I did it in her place, because it’d suck if the story was all about you, don’t you know secondary characters are more popular in polls in the long run?”.

“And the gem’s not right at all, it should be bl-”.

“And yet look, I came all the way to save you! I even brought you a personal moé slave!”.

“I’m not your slave”, Samurai Girl said as she started putting the hinges back on.

“Thank you; it was just a little bit lower...”, said Keine, supervising her work and largely ignoring the odd girl with the sword.

“No, no, wait wait wait...”, Mokuren shook his head, trying to get up from bed, something that he, surprisingly, pulled off pretty well, “Just who exactly are you?”.

“Oh? You didn’t get it?”, Random RPG girl looked surprised, but then her grin returned, “Very well, I’ll give you a hint”.

Out of nowhere, she pulled out a pair of semitransparent sunglasses with deep orange lenses and put them on, “So? Any better?”.

Mokuren blinked in disbelief, “... No. Actually, yes but...”, he blinked again, “... You’re doing it wrong. You’re mixing up two different mangas! Ok, they have the same name, but still...”. He paused, “Three different mangas, actually”.

“Oh, how picky of you, didn’t you just love kitchen sinks?”, RPG girl put her glasses away in the same nowhere she pulled them out from.

As the other two girls were done with the door, they joined the group again, and Samurai Girl kneeled down in front of Mokuren, “I’ll execuse myself in advance since my formalities are rusted. I am Meira, a ronin; I have given your companion the promise to accompany you in your journey in Gensokyo. Pleased to meet you”.

She finished with a bow, and when she got back up, her eyes were both expectant and... Distracted? “Uh... Well met, Meira. I’m Mokuren, but everyone here calls me Meimu”, he put a hand on Random RPG girl’s shoulder, “I assume by ‘companion’ you actually mean Haedonggum, here?”.

Meira nodded, which was just what Mokuren needed to hear: Hi, your sword talks, she mixed up two different mangas so that she can walk herself and added up a third source so that she can... I don’t even want to know what she expects to do.

“Very well”, Haedonggum returned the hand-to-the-shoulder pose, “Now that my partner is back in my hands, we can all go home”.

“Wait, wait, Hae”, Mokuren said, halting her, “There’s no hurry, I’ve just been back from a combined out-of-body and near-death experience, Keine saved my ass again and there is a girl I would like to know better since you made her promise she’d stick with me, can’t we just-”.

“It’d be better if you stayed here”, said Keine, “It’s getting too late to travel and I’m afraid just twenty seconds in bed isn’t going to do for your recovery”.

Mokuren nodded, “See Hae? It’s for my sake, really”.

Hae sighed, “Fine, fine, but I’ll have to watch over your honor”.

A long, embarassed silence followed, “... My honor?”.

“Sleeping in a room full of girls, mmh? Don’t you get it?”.

“... Aside from the fact you are a girl yourself... I’m pretty used to it, don’t worry. Really”.

But she didn’t want to avoid worrying, so she just wrapped an arm around him, “Better safe than sorry. So, let’s spread a couple bedrolls over here and there and we’ll be all just fine...”.

He sighed, feeling sorry for barging in other people’s homes like always, but Keine in the end was just chuckling, so it had to be fine. Meira was pretty enigmatic herself, but with Haedonggum around, there was no way she could get closer to her and have a... Conversation or something.

He helped lay out the beds; tomorrow was going to be yet another fine day of Cosplay Trap Mokuren and his MMORPG Party.
Ruukoto was sighing in frustration, a great part of her maid outfit was burnt and charred, even thought not embarassingly so; the four girls were laid out in front of her in a relatively safe place with lots of water. That was, of course, Cirno’s respawn point, so even if she went too far into negative Hps, there would be no problem, or so Ruukoto thought.

“Aaaaah...”, she moaned in frustration, “If only organic beings were born with USB adaptors...”, while hopelessly trying to fit a USB plug in Wriggle’s ear.

The four party members were all with greyed status, and none of their Hps were anywhere near positive; this would have been a moment to use phoenix downs, but the only person in Gensokyo that had anything to do with a phoenix was the one that ganked them, so resurrection magic was absolutely out of question.

This left Ruukoto alone with her medicine score of 0. Not the brightest situation she has ever been in; the other members’ Hps stopped dropping but did not increase, and how exactly do you heal a bunch of youkai?

Nevermind the fairy, these things have telepathic death mimes.


Morning came at the Hakurei shrine, the structure was largely overpopulated and has been like this for two consecutive days by now. Unheard of, especially given its occupants weren’t of the sort that used to stick together. Except for Yukari, who was always everywhere as long as it was the most inappropriate moment to be there, but Yukari is a haxx0r so she doesn’t really count.

Patchouili was one weird guest, she would be locked who knows where to read who knows what, but given the Hakurei shrine was an old-style japanese structure, there were no locks, so she was either in the living room or in the kitchen, doing weird stuff for that Toho StrikerS cosplay thing that, really, was starting to grow into epic proportions of wrong.

On top of that, Reimu had nobody to do the chores for her, because her personal slave girl was slacking off somewhere after having been cast away from the Hakurei Border. Why wasn’t she back yet? Well, she better be soon, otherwise her debt could be quadrupled anytime soon.

As she figured things couldn’t go worse and that, because at least there ought to be some quiet since they couldn’t do much without Meimu, Suika came to visit.

“Oss!”, she greeted, carrying her jug of endless whatsoever with her, “Nice to see you clean once in a while!”.

“I have come out to clean simply because I do not want Patchu’s geekdom to infect me, but I’m starting to reconsider my strategy now that you’re here”.

“Ah, don’t worry, I’ve come to play with Mocchan”, the little oni then started looking around, “Where is she?”

Reimu blinked. Oh sure, Mocchan, “This is supposed to be my house, why everyone keeps camping here because of my guests?”, guessing the fastest way to get rid of the oni was to be bluntly honest, she continued with “Meimu isn’t here, she’s been shot away from the Hakurei Border and we don’t know where she is now”.

“Really?”, said the oni with the expression of somebody who not only didn’t understand, but wasn’t listening anyways, “So when will she be back?”.

“She... I don’t know, she could be anywhere”, Reimu took a deep breath to avoid losing her (short) temper, “If you care so much, why don’t you do everyone a favor and bring her back already? She’s gone since yesterday”.

The clutch on the broom was becoming so strong it could snap at any moment, just looking at the out-of-focus stare and demented smile of Suika was enough to break her patience, let alone the whole situation in general. Really, wasn’t she supposed to be the main character anyways?

“I know!”, Suika said, “Let’s throw a party!”.

Patchouili left the building, book in hand and Koakuma following; she looked like she was set on something, and that something had to do with Reimu. Her expression was imperscrutable.

“It’s unusual to see you leave the house”, Reimu looked at the wizard of the week, trying to guess what was going on in her reclused and sociopath mind, “Where are you going?”.

“I needed some fresh air”, she said, sounding a lot like an execuse considering her habit of locking herself somewhere and never coming out, “And I wanted to check out who you aimed that Demon Sealing Ring at”.

“I just saved everyone lots of trouble, so don’t mind that”, Reimu paused for a moment, still holding the (somehow) intact broom in her hands, “By the way, why don’t you check out on Meimu while you’re out?”.

“Why me?”.

“Because you’re out already and need air. Promenades are good for your health, and a healthy body has a better air intake, which you need for your asthma. You want to get rid of that, don’t you?”

“I would love to see mistress in a healthy body”, was Koakuma’s comment, “It would suit her so fine...”.

“You’re just too lazy to do it yourself, aren’t you?”, was instead Patchu’s unimpressed answer.

“Just go, or I’ll let Suika throw a party”.

Moments of silence passed, in which Koakuma stared at Patchu’s body, making fantasies on her “healthy” body, which ended in getting her a stupid expression and a bleeding nose.

“Fine, fine”, the wizard said in the end, “Koakuma, let’s go look for Meimu”.

Koakuma was shocked, blinking in disbelief, “M-mistress, you really are going to...”, dramatic pause, “... Exercise?”.

“It can’t hurt, can it?”, and she meant as much irony as her low-on-iron body allowed.

“Waaaah! Mistress!”, the devil glomped her mistress, her ero-grade fantasies taking over her body and feeling the need to explore her mistress’ supposedly healthy body for... Research purposes, “Mistress, you’re so wise! I can’t believe you finally did this for m-”.

One Rage Trilithion High Level later, Patchouili clarified: “It’s not for you. It’s for my asthma”.


Meanwhile, Mokuren was doing morning exercise just in front of Keine’s house. Haedonggum, Keine and Meira were slightly behind, looking at him like he had become some sort of alien while they were sleeping.

“Shouldn’t we... Tell her?”, Meira mused. Keine winced, biting her fingernails as if she was worried about something.

“Naah”, said Hae with a shrug, “She’ll be fine, she’s a good girl”.

Meira blinked. Sure, Mokuren seemed to have recovered pretty well considering she was supposed to be on the brink of death just yesterday, but still... “Are you sure it’s ok? I mean, how come she didn’t even notice?”.

“She can be pretty stupid when she needs to”, Hae nodded, giving Meira a pat on the shoulder, “Come on, we’ve got to go back to the HQ”, she then took a deep breath and called with her powerful voice: “Oi! Meimu! Let’s move!”.

“Eh? Already?”, he blinked, “Move where, by the way?”.

“Hello-o? Did you get hit too hard? To the Hakurei Shrine, of course!”

“Oh”, he paused, “Oh, true”, he nodded, “Sorry, it’s just that so much happened lately... I was in hell just yesterday, you see”.

“Tsk, execuses, execuses...”.

Ignoring his talking and sentient (and sexy) sword, he walked over to Keine, “Look, I don’t know how to thank you for being my walking respawn point...”

“Ah, no need to worry. I didn’t do much, really”, her eyes were so THIS IS A LIE, INQUIRE MORE AS TO EMBARASS HER that Mokuren felt sorry for just having asked, “Mokou seemed to count so much on me, I just couldn’t say no...”.

“Mokou?”, he blinked, Mokou? Mokou cared for me? Mokou actually cares for me?, he blinked again, Are we sure I’m not in an alternate Gensokyo?.

“Yes. She’s a good girl at heart, she’s just a little shy...”

“It’s good to know”, he smiled genuinely, that was some good news, “Then I’ll make sure to thank her as well, if only I could manage to find her when I’m up and healthy...”

“You really should train your hps more”, said Meira, “Everyone knows the miko class isn’t high on them, you should let me tank from now on”.

“Well then, Keine”, Mokuren kept ignoring his followers, “I’ll be seeing you soon”.


As he returned, thought, he noticed nobody but Reimu was there, and Reimu didn’t look all that happy to see him back.

“So, you’re finally there”, her voice was dripping ice-cold venom, and her eyes were those of a murderer, “Just where have you been while us honest people have been working and waiting?”

“Shot away in Gensokyo, deep in the forest after a double spark to the face, amongst 4chan memes and then to hell and back. Sorry I didn’t call home”, he looked around, noticing the presence of the small oni, “Oh, hi Suika!”

“Mocchan!”, she ran towards him and dived head-first in his lap. Good thing her horns weren’t straight forward, or he might have got holed up. And sent to hell again.

“By the way, Reimu”, he said while petting Suika like a small kid, “I was wonder-”. He blinked, noticing she was pretty interested in the scene, “... Reimu?”.

“So, you’re the mother”, she muttered, nodding at her own genius as she contemplated what good mother/daughter pair the two could make.

“... Eh?”, he blinked, “Wait, no fuckin’ wai. I can’t be Suika’s mo-”.

“I was talking about you and Wriggle”, Reimu explained, “I figured that of the pair, you’d be the father when I reprimanded you last time. Guess I was wrong”.

Of course Suika was all into her “Mocchan Cuddling” mode, and so she didn’t care, but Mokuren was starting to feel pretty pissed of this gender distortion situation. He opened his mouth as to talk back, but then remembered he had something better to ask.

“By the way, Reimu, I was thinking... Since I have a lot of people, you included, to thank for having saved my ass over and over and over...”, he smiled at his own genius, “Why don’t we throw a party?”.

If silence could kill, Gensokyo would be dead by now.

“Ara, ara, my daughter has such tasteful ideas!”. Suddenly, the Yakumo family! Three of them!

“Yu... Yukari? Since when you have a daughter?”, for some reason, Ran was the only one who took her seriously, she looked about to fall into the same deep shock as she did when she faced the Gensokyo StrikerS.

“Yukari... I... I’m not your dau-”

“So, the oni is Yukari’s granddaughter?”, Chen’s question was posed with the childish innocence that made Ran go into Glass no Kamen face mode, and Yukari laugh off the sensation of being old. Which she was, by the way, being over 1200 years old and stuff.

“For the last time, Suika isn’t my-”

“At any rate, Meimu”, Reimu brought the talk back on track thanks to the power of her pulsing forehead vein, “We can’t throw a party here. Period”.

“Awwww...”, was the generic reaction, to which Marisa added “Why not?”.

Completely ignoring the fact the witch wasn’t there before and yet managed to piss her off already, Reimu showed everyone her wallet, and then turned it upside down. To absolutely no effect.

“We’re broke”, she then explained since nobody seemed to figure out why she did that.

It still didn’t work.

“How should that be a problem?”, asked Mokuren, “I mean, I thought we would all contribute with something and throw a party anyways. It’s not like you really go into town much anyways. Also, it’s supposed to be a thanksgiving party of sorts so even if you don’t pay it’s not a problem”

“You don’t know the kind of parties Suika can throw”, Reimu honestly answered, “And anyways, my position stands. We’re broke, and I’m sure this applies to everyone else as well. Now execuse me but since Patchouili left, I have to purge the geek germs out of my house”.

“Ara, ara, this is a problem indeed”, Yukari’s hand laid a comforting hold on Mokuren, “Do not worry, my young Meimu. We will have more chances”.

“Thought, now that you make me think of it, how do we actually earn money here?”, he blinked several times, looking at each one, “I mean, seriously... You three are youkai, Marisa is a thief and Suika... Nevermind Suika. The five of you don’t even need the concept of money”, he turned to his two companions, “Hae is a sword, Meira, from what I understand, lived alone in the forest. So what does Reimu actually do to live?”.

“Ask for donations”, Marisa quickly answered, “But she never gets any”.

Pause, some gears and wheels started clanking loudly inside of Mokuren’s head. Mmmmmh... Donations, eh?. He turned to his party, “Hae, Meira, can you please wait here at the temple with me? Keep the Yakumo family good company while I’m gone. Suika, you come with me”.

“What do you plan to do?”, Hae sniffed something in the air, and wasn’t sure whether she liked it or not.

“Trust me”, was Mokuren’s answer, followed by a happyfun smile as he picked up the donations box, “Let’s go, Suika!”.

“Hai~!”


“And every time I get back to positive Hps, I grow stronger!”

“Is that so~?”

Rest-based HP recovery was by large the most slow and ineffective way to heal up, but if time wasn’t lacking and the other options were out, it wasn’t really that bad of a deal. By now, everyone was active again, althought patched up like it was Rei Ayanami cosplay day.

“So, Cirno”, was Wriggle’s unimpressed comment, “Does your hair turn yellow if you gain too much power?”

“I think she’ll just overload and blow up”, Mystia was amongst those that took the most damage and her eyes didn’t look too good, but it didn’t crush her spirit, “And then burst into icicles”.

“Oh!”, Rumia probably didn’t have one intact rib, but youkai are evidently built tough, or too stupid to play along with the pain, “So we have to stick to her to dodge the fall!”.

And as the situation went downhill with Rumia glomping Cirno, then suddenly realizing her chest hurt and clinging hard to the fairy and bringing both down with nonindifferent pain, a pair of figures in the distance were watching undisturbed.

“Mistress, what does the scouter say about their level?”

Patchouili took her scouter off, and with the most seriously steroided expression, she crushed it in one hand shouting “IT’S OVER ⑨ THOUSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND!!!”

“What?”, Koakuma was shocked at the sheer amount that was just registered, “⑨ thousand?”

“Indeed, it is impressive”, Patchu stoutly observed, “But I do not see Meimu”.

“You’re right”, Koakuma sighed, the sightseeing of four badly injured idiots playing around was worth 1d8 SAN at the very least, “Her maid is there, thought, why don’t we go ask her? I am sure she has some sort of master sense for-”, she blinked, noticing Patchu was quivering, “Mistress, what’s wrong?”.

It became clearly evident what was wrong, crushing the scouter in her own hand resulted in having all the glass shards in Patchu’s hand; she returned Koakuma’s look with teary eyes and a simple but very telling “Ugyuuu...”

SO- SO MOE IM GONNA DIE!!!, “There, there... It’s all fine, mistress, let me heal your hand...”, she produced a handkerchief out of her pocket and proceeded to take the shards off and bandage the hand, trying to absolutely ignore the blood she was dripping on there from her nose.


Back in town, the villagers had yet another helping of Magical Mokuren Cosplay Show as “the other shrine maiden” flied into town, with her trusty oni assistant and a donation box in her hands. Most of the attention was being attracted because of that, actually; said box never really left the shrine for long, especially not to go this far.

“O-saisen!”, he started, the welcoming smile of a young shrine maiden and the waving motion of the donation box to attract attention, “O-saise~n!”

“O-saisen!”, was Suika’s enthusiastic follow-up. Even thought at first Mokuren had doubts on whether an oni would have been good or bad to make an impression, he just now remembered that not only nobody really knew how to deal with an oni in Gensokyo, but as long as he was with her, everybody would think of her as his assistant.

Generally, to the lowly humans that composed this village’s populace, the fact that flying people was the norm sort of slipped past, but Mokuren had won their trust already some time ago, and now everyone knew him as “the other shrine maiden”, which was good, since it’s just normal to give money to shrine maidens, isn’t it?


Back at the Hakurei shrine, the population remained more or less the same, the Yakumo family (sans their newest member, at least according to Yukari) was slacking off in the front, with Yukari and Haedonggum talking about Mokuren while he wasn’t there, with Ran silently watching and trying to absorb as much information about this supposedly new member.

Chen was sleeping curled in the porch, like an ordinary cat, and Meira was about to go take a walk to familiarize with the surroundings. However, as she saw the nekomata sleep peacefully with such a contented expression on her face, she stopped.

She took a quick glance around and noticed she was out of sight from everyone, althought she could still hear the voices of the others. She focused back on Chen, who was sleeping the carefree sleep that only a domestic cat can sleep.

Losing her serious expression, Meira slowly extended a hand, then stopped. Maybe the cat didn’t want to be disturbed? Yet, she was so cute... As her face went into moé mode, she extended her hand again, closer, then stopped again. Is it ok to pet a cat even if she clearly is a youkai? Such questions that can only arise in Gensokyo...

Deciding for the better of her cute side, she went to pet her on the head.

And that’s when Chen opened her maw and trapped Meira’s fingers inside.

“Yeah, like, Meimu couldn’t take two steps outside the house without me. She even needs a maid for stuff and often forgets about who is present in a scene and who isn’t”, Hae was clearly bragging, sitting on another side of the porch with the others, “Really, I could be a better main character, but there’s this prejudice against equippable items...”

“My, my, thanks for taking care of my daughter. I feel safer to know there is such dependable people with her all the time, I also feel a bit guilty that she has not been introduced to the rest of the family, I am sure Ran and Chen will be happy to welcome her”.

“Ah... Yukari-sama”, Ran looked like she was forcing herself a bit, as if both afraid to ask and afraid to be answered, “A-about her... If I may ask, wha-”.

“Well, good luck. Meimu is one spineless twit when she wants to, she’s just pretty good at pretending she isn’t, from time to time, and she’s horrendously weak”. Hae paused, looking at the horizon, “Oh, look who’s back”.

Not Meimu, evidently, just Patchu and Koakuma, along with Ruukoto and the ⑨ team.

The troupe all landed in the courtyard, with Patchouili and Koakuma going forward, at which point the wizard of the week raised her bandaged hand in salute.

“Recon Patchu reporting, Meimu has been separated from the rest of the batallion and is still MIA, I have found a bunch of suspicious folk who claim to be part of her clan, thought their levels and equipment are low and have just suffered a sore defeat at the hand of unknown mobs”.

“W-What?”, Ren didn’t keep up with what was being said, and that made her nervous because she felt like she was the only one.

“Ara, ara. Do not pull, they link. You have to teach children everything these days...”, Yukari nodded in understanding, which made Ren feel even worse.

“Sorry to interrupt...”. Oh, Ruukoto, sneaking up as always; everyone turned their attention to her, given it was rare for her to speak, and that she was an even rarer character to see in the first place, “But... I know what happened to the mistress, until she was spirited away”.

“Spirited away?”, Patchu looked unimpressed, “That’s not unusual at all for her. Care tell us the whole story?”


“... And that’s how things went”, Wriggle somehow had a very cool aura, with that broken arm of hers and the loose bandage around the head, like some sort of cool shinseigumi veteran, “At least until I was still standing”.

“That person was a bad, bad person!”, Cirno added, “I don’t even want to think what she could do to our Meimu-tan!”

Wriggle blinked, then tried to imagine what could actually have happened to Meimu. In her sick, sick mind, she was in the corner of a dark room, her clothes half ripped revealing ludicrous parts of her skin, with teary eyes looking up to a Mokou with a weird smirk and a strange lighting effect hiding her eyes.

“Don’t worry, little girl”, fantasy Mokou said in a box at the bottom of the screen, “I’m not going to do anything bad to you”.

“Are you ok, Wriggle?”, asked Rumia who couldn’t help but notice the bug youkai’s profused nosebleeding.

“Yeah, she’s fine, she’s fine...”, Haedonggum added, nodding with a clearly dishonest face and her hand trying to hide her own nosebleeding, “I can wholly understand her”; she chuckled at her own power to read minds. Good thing nobody could read hers, there could be material for more yuri dōjinshi than one could make in one’s life.

“Actually, thought”, Yukari intervened, “Mokou does seem to be a good person under her rough shell. After all, it only is Kaguya that ticks her off”, she smiled, “I don’t think my daughter is in trouble at all”.

And in fact, suddenly, Suika! Thousands of them!

Each one was carrying a bag of some sort, and the scent of food and delicacies could be smelled way before they were in sight; in the middle of them, like an Osaka in Chiyoland, Mokuren. Carrying a donation box that was tingling softly at every step, a sound most unheard in the Hakurei shrine.

“Hello everyone!”, he promptly greeted with the satisfied smile of one who saw his great charisma as main character recognized, “I’m back with enough supplies to throw parties for a week!”.

“MOKU-ONEESAMA!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he was glomped by his ⑨ friends, who tackled him down in a cute sea of snuggles and manifestations of relief and happiness.

The second later, the ⑨ team was actually unable to move, pinning down a dumbfound Mokuren as everyone else was struck down by the pain of whatever was broken inside of them.

“Uh... Girls?”, he blinked, not knowing why they were so particularly worried in showing him all their love right in that moment, and also not knowing why they were all broken up like somebody threw a road roller on their heads while making weird sounds, “What... Whatever happened here?”.

“Over ⑨ thousand fight in the forest of magic!”, said a merry voice as an Extra edition of Bunbunmaru news landed on his face.

“What?”, in shock, Mokuren snuck out the bodies of her friends and opened the newspaper, “Over ⑨ thousand?”, he couldn’t believe himself, or his own eyes; that was something really hardcore for this bunch of girls to do!

“Er... Execuse me...”, Ran said in a too shy voice for Mokuren to actually notice, “Are you... Perchance...”

“MEEEEIMUUUU!!!”, appearing from the nothing behind Mokuren, Yukari! Who grabbed him, making the newspaper fly, and snug him tightly to her chest, “Meimu! Don’t make your mother worry like this! I’ve been staying on the porch all night, waiting for you to come back...”

“W-WTF are you saying?”, was his muffled comment, at which, realizing his position, he wondered, Wait, are you seriously thinking of complaining about this situation?. A glance at Ran’s shocked and teary face, however, made him realize that it wasn’t the best moment to listen to his testosterone.

He pulled back from her hug, thought still smiling, “Ah... Y-yes, I mean, sorry about the trouble... I seem to get into it a lot, don’t I?”, the flash from a camera interrupted him several times, but he had the ability to deal with only one problem at a time.

“Ara, ara, you are one special child, Meimu”, she still didn’t let go of him, but at least he wasn’t face deep in her chest now, which also meant he could breathe normally, “Speaking of which, I still have to make you meet your family”.

“M-my...”, For some reason, I feel like I’m being introduced into some sort of mafia....

“This is Ran Yakumo, she’s my shikigami, she’ll be the one to care for you when I won’t be there”, Ran didn’t look too happy to be refered to as a shikigami, especially after a complete stranger received all sort of care and snuggling from her mistress, but she did her best to stop her tears and smile, offering a shaky hand.

“I am Ran Yakumo”, she said in her best voice, “Pleased to meet you, Meimu”.

“The pleasure is mine”, Moku tried his best smile as to reassure her, “So, we are like... Sisters? Cousins?”.

Before Ran could answer to say whatever she intended to say, Rumia had recovered and joined the conversation with an “Is that so~? Moku-oneesama is my big sis already!”.

“Well, this means you get another onee-sama”, he answered, ruffling her hair and hoping her head was safe to touch. It was.

“Yay! I have two onee-sama!”, she really did look happy, even among the camera flashes.

“Oh! But there is a lot I need to prepare for dinner if we are to party this night. There is a lot of you, after all”.

“It has been a while since Suika last used her power”, Aya nodded at herself, taking some notes, “So her call is particularly long-ranged now, it even distracted me; it’s only a matter of time before other guests will join”.

“Very well”, he smiled, taking the donation box back from the ground, “Let’s get ready then!”.

He made his way towards the shrine, but an Absolute Terror Field blocked his path, making him freeze on the spot. In front of him, the landscape changed, it became wind-blown and desolated, like the monsters’ lair of a horror movie, thought it was still the Hakurei Shrine. In front of her, Reimu Hakurei.

“You know”, she said with a voice that dripped radioactive liquid nitrogen, “This is still my house, in spite of all the liberties you are taking with it. Aside from ripping my main character status, I mean”.

“Ah...”, he carefully pondered on his multiple choices, trying to decide which of the three would have best fit the situation. Damn, he always sucked at dating sims, he always met the boring girls without sense of humor. He promptly discarded the JAM IT IN! option, but he was still unsure on the other two.

Oh, well, he thought, Why bother? I’ll just keep being myself, anything else wouldn’t be honest at all.

“Well, Reimu”, he then said with his best smile, “You see, I noticed you were a bit down lately, so... I figured that throwing a party would have cheered you up. After all you’ve done to me, I had to pay you back somehow”.

Moments of silence passed, and Mokuren never regret not picking the second presence excellency as hard as he did now, but in the end the AT-Field slowly crumbled and the shrine returned to normal. “Well... If it’s for me...”, Reimu looked like she was way better, mood-wise, and Mokuren could hear the familiar chime that meant Your relationship score with this girl just went up a point!.

Until she saw the donation box, that is. At which point, she realized it was not, in fact, empty.

“Ah, this?”, he said, not realizing his great mistake, “Well, since we were broke, I figured we needed money, so I went to ask for some donations and, you wouldn’t believe how friendly the villagers were! Really, and when Suika mentioned the party, they’ve been giving us all sorts of goods, wishing us good health and stuff”. He blinked, noticing the AT-Field was going back online, “... Reimu?”.

“Well, well, well...”, she said with a tense smirk, trying to hide a homicidal intent, “Look who’s getting cocky... So you got some donation money, eh? Maybe you think this is enough to run the whole shrine, eh?”. She had this face that was like, totally, the face of one who saw enough hardships in life that didn’t care anymore about anything, it was the superior smirk of those that go to talk shows to badmouth everything and everyone, on principle, “Well then, ms. Miko-san, why don’t you take my house over while you’re at it? I’m sure your housekeeping skills will hold it much better than a real miko could ever manage to tend a shrine, right?”.

“Ah, Re-”

“SHUT UP!”, she cracked her gohei like a whip, a smooth leather whip, “So you think like you’re the center of the world, huh? Well, fine, throw your party with your forbidden underage loves. This miko will go do something useful while you’re going wild”.

And without another word, she took off, Mokuren followed by foot, trying to find something to say, “Reimu!”, he called, “Where are you going?”.

“It’s youkai extermination night. This fucking night!”.

He sighed, watching her disappear in the dusk sky, “My, my, I think I really pissed her off for good this time”.

“Don’t worry, mocchan, don’t worry!”, Suika patted him on the shoulder, “She’ll be back, she can’t resist parties”.

“She just needs some time to cool off, she’s too proud to leave her house to you like this”, chimed Patchouili, her hand was bandaged and looked a bit limp, which made Mokuren blink, but he knew better than ask what happened, he screwed up well enough with girls for just one evening.

“Thanks, everyone”, he said as he set the donation box at the usual place, “Well, since we’re going to throw a huge party, I’m better get started already with the prepara-”

“MISTRESS!!!”, Mokuren was hit by a sudden glomp attack by his trusty robot maid, who has been hiding in the shrine, feeling the heavy air of something that was going terribly, terribly wrong. “Mistress you’re alive! I’m so glad! I’m so glad!”.

“Hey... There, there, calm down”, he comforted her, feeling more and more relaxed; it was nice to hug her robot maid once again after all his latest misadventures, “I’m fine. Don’t worry, I’m fine”. He then turned to look at the ⑨ team, flashing them a smile, “I guess I have to thank you, too, i it appears you saved me once again”.

“Is that so~ Moku-oneesama?”

“Yeah, I guess...”, Wriggle didn’t look too convinced, “I did it just because the others did”

“So, why don’t you, Rumia and Mystia go and help Suika gather more people to this festival? It’s going to be fun!”, Mokuren flashed his fresh bishojo smile, which gave him a +2 bonus to his Sway innocent girls checks.

“Yay! Let’s go, Mystia!”, said Rumia.

“Where? Where?”, answered the bird girl, looking around in her near-blind state, until Rumia took her hands and lead her along, and the two were apparently having lots of fun in spite they were pretty broken up. Wriggle followed the two, being the only one that had a bit of common sense, for how little a Gensokyo youkai could have.

“So...”, said Mokuren once he was alone with Cirno, “You are?”.

“I am Cirno, the fairy of the lake!”, she claimed in an extremely proud tone, “I am the icing savior!”.

“... Icing?”, wondered Mokuren, but then decided not to press with semantics, she is the leader of the ⑨ team aftera all, “Well, cCirno... Do you want to help me with cooking? I need all the help I can get with this. Can you cook?”.

“... Cook?”, she pondered idly, as if the notion was alien to her, until Mokuren had to intervene before her brain melt.

“I mean... Nevermind, I’ll teach you”, he smiled at Ruukoto, “It’s no problem, right?”.

“Absolutely not”, the robot maid smiled back, “In fact, she is the one who saved you. She froze you solid to buy us time”.

Mokuren blinked, so that’s why his silver cord stopped waning when he was in hell? “You did?”, he took Cirno’s hands and smiled a honest and thankful smile, “Many, many thanks!”.

It was so sudden, so shocking, and she was so not used to receive thanks, that Cirno simply stared blankly at him, until she turned all red and giggled idly, following Ruukoto inside the kitchen by hand, her head so full of these kind words that even her stupidity-born pride was unable to take over.

“I didn’t know you made little girls gay”, intervened Meira, joining him after she finished bandaging her hand, “I thought that was a robot thing”.

“In fact, I’m afraid that if she now spends time with Ruukoto, she’ll come out and realized she has been totally gay for Daiyousei, all the time. Hard gay”.

“You seem to think of it as a good thing”, she said, noticing his wicked grin.

“By the way, Meira”, he then blinked, “What happened to your hand?”.

“Oh”, she said, looking at it with a longing expression, “I guess... I guess she didn’t want to”.

Mokuren’s reaction was... That of a rather dumbfound person, I resurrected her from the PC-98 and she’s already getting into yuri affairs?, he shook his head, trying not to think about it, “Anyhow...”, he said as he turned to the others, “Patchu, you don’t have to help if you don’t want to...”.

“I don’t want to”, was her blunt answer.

“Uh... Well”, he chuckled uneasily, then looked at Yukari, “Yukari, can you help people get here fast and easy? I guess that some of the invitees may have problems reaching this place before night. Also... Could you go check on Reimu for me? Please? I have to apologize to her”.

“Ara, ara. Leave it to me, my little girl”, she ruffled his hair and waved as she disappeared into a gap, leaving a Ran feeling very, very lonely.

Mokuren felt he somehow had to repair for all he had done to her up to now, so he merrily stepped up in front of her, hands clasped behind his back and his best imouto-like face, “Will you too help me with the cooking, Ran onee-sama?”.

For the first time, Ran looked down on this complete stranger, this strange gothloli miko that her mistress took as daughter from one day to the other, and realized that she was not a rival, she was not an obstacle between her and her mistress.

She was a fresh new imouto for her tender fantasies come true.


Reimu felt it.

Of course, being Reimu and all, she couldn't care less, she had every single right, and then some, to refuse giving a damn about that extremely familiar feeling, and she intended to.

But then she changed her mind. Something made her, it was that tingling sensation she worked out from repeated experiences with weird stuff and weird people and even weirder circumstances. Of course, being Reimu and all, she could lightheartedly ignore this as well.

But she wasn't in the mood to ignore this kind of stuff, so she turned around and headed back to the shrine, hoping it wasn't too late.


Throwing parties: serious business.

A standard Gensokyo party involves at least one drunken oni, at least two freeloader, and no formal invitations. Basically, everyone just crashed in and from there on everything was to be made on the spot, especially the food.

Not the drinks thought, these were never lacking.

So, basically, Mokuren and Ran were stuck inside the kitchen, cooking all sorts of stuff trying their best to do it faster than all the others could eat. It was no easy task, but Ran was way better than the half-decent cook without recipe books that Mokuren was, so they managed to somehow hold the front lines, even thought they were mostly making snacks after a bit.

“Moku-oneesama!”, Rumia rushed in for what must have been the twentieth time, “Is there any more meat?”.

“Ran is making some, I'll have a batch of fish snacks ready in a minute”, they were all in a hurry, thought their fake sisterhood bond kept them satisfied about their work and cooperation.

“Yay!”, and Rumia rushed back into the swirling chaos of sounds, songs and laughter that came from just about anywhere else.

“Moku nee-san”, Ran suddenly said as she pulled a bunch of meat pies out of the oven, “It's okay if you want to take a break”.

“Haha, thanks, Ran onee-sama, but I'm not really much of a party man”, he started collecting the ingredients to make some vegetable stew, just in case. Well, actually, he just wanted to eat some himself. “Also, I'm throwing this party as a thanksgiving for what everyone else did, it's not like I'm the guest star”.

“Quite the contrary, Moku nee-san”, she had that foxy expression only a nine-tailed fox could have as she talked, “You threw the party, this makes you the star. Even thought you made this for everyone else, the whole celebration is about you”.

He blinked, realizing he totally forgot about Ran's wisdom score, and then he chuckled, “Okay, okay, I surrender. I'm going to the other room to say hi”.

“Have fun, moku nee-san”.

And so she went to the “other room”, which was supposed to be the living room, but given the size of the party being thrown all of the sliding paper doors in the shrine were wide open and the party was mostly being held in the courtyard, under lanternlight.

As soon as he came out, Mokuren tried to count the participants. Several moments later he gave up, nobody was holding still anyways, so he simply approached the first familiar faces that came across him.

“Yo, Rumia!”, he called, “Wriggle, hey! Oi, Mokou!”. At different moments and circumstances, he received answers to his greetings, and several people joined his ranks, allowing him to get a better grip of the situation.

First thing he noticed, the ⑨ team was there as a whole; it was beginning to get suspiciously easy to gather all of it with just a thought. Then, he saw that Mokou was there, and she seemed to be in a good mood too.

Then everyone else noticed the situation.

“Aaaaah! It's the firey person!” shouted Cirno, pointing at Mokou as if she hadn't been there all along. The rest of the ⑨ team looked shocked, but only now.

“Uh?”, Mokou blinked, looking at the gang, and then made a face as if thought she remembered something important right about now. “Oh! Yeah, the dumbass gang”.

“Wait, wait”, Mokuren intervened before the situation got more confusing than he could stand, Man, I've been out, what? One minute? And this happens?, “What exactly happened between you guys?”.

“We were ganking her but she TPK'd us”, Mystia explained calmly, at which point Mokuren eyed Mokou for confirmation.

“Yeah, sorta”, she shrugged, “I don't even know why”.

“Weren't you a bit harsh on them? I mean, from what Ruukoto told me, they were Higurashi'd or something”.

“Heh”, Mokou's face was deliciously delinquentious, “They're youkai, they don't die easily”.

He sighed. Well, couldn't argue with that. “Please be more gentle with them next time, ganking or not”.

“Ok”, and Mokou left. The rest of the ⑨ team was, almost surprisingly, fine with that.

“Moku-oneesama, is there any more fish?”.

“I think I have some spare lamprey if you're short on snacks”.

“Girls, girls, please”, Mokuren waved his arms to attract the attention of his fellow partymates, “Before you drag me again into a vortex of nonsense and other youkai stuff, please listen to me for a second”.

He paused. They were listening. There's a couple things I want to confirm, he thought while watching them waiting, I think I'm starting to see a pattern here. “Ok girls, I want you to stop picking fights, especially against people you can't deal with. If we get into battle, please wait for my command before attacking, okay?”.

“Okay”

“Okay!”

“Yeah...”

“Is that so?”

Wait, that was fucking easy, he blinked in disbelief, Either they're teasing me or I'm way behind easy mode. Something like menu screen difficulty. “Well...”, he scratched his head, “Then, have fu-”.

He staggered, almost losing balance. For a moment he couldn't even see clearly; various forms of verbal agreement reached his ears in response to his latest reccommendation. A moment later it all returned to normal, leaving him pretty dumbfound.

“... Wha?”, but the other girls were already returning to the party itself, except for Wriggle who looked at him weird.

“Are you ok?”, she asked. Her face betrayed a granted answer, but she wanted to make sure Mokuren could say it.

“I... Think so”, he wasn't so sure of it. It was... Sudden, and he wasn't sure about what exactly happened, but tried to shake the feeling off. “Oh, Wriggle, one more thing...”

She was still looking at him weird, and somehow her broken and bandaged arm made her look even more confused, “... What?”.

He paused, how to explain this? Oh, hell, better try the most direct way, it seems to work best, “Why are you all so obedient?”.

Her expression returned normal, and then she crossed her arms as best as she could, giving Mokuren the suspect that her arm was probably fine already, “Eh... Why, you say?”. After much thinking and some weird faces, she sighed, “I guess you're charismatic”.

He pondered the word, weighing it in his own head, “Charismatic”.

“Of course, it's not that I like you or anything, not personally I mean”, unfortunately she wasn't being tsundere at all while saying it, which made the whole topic a lot less interesting, “I'm just saying you're a faith-inspiring fellow, it feels as if your advice is always good to follow”.

“Charismatic”, he repeated while his bolstered ego pulled out the type of scales usually reserved for blatant cheating. He nodded at himself.

“... Something weird got you in the head, didn't it?”.

“I don't think so. Or rather: yes, but I guess I'm starting to figure it out”, he then pat Wriggle on the head, with surprisingly little protests from her part, “Thanks”.

“Just be careful, a human like you can mean nothing but trouble”.

He was about to say something, but then that feeling came again, a pulse from inside him that vibrated through his whole body. His vision faltered for a little, but then it came back to normal. Wriggle was already gone when he came back in control, even thought it was just a moment.

This is weird, he thought, I mean, it's weirder than the norm. All in all, thought, he felt good, so he decided not to bother.

As he strolled around the courtyard, taking note of the participants and looking for the obligatory festival yuri, he noticed that there wasn't really anyone he didn't know already. Pity, he wanted to expand his relationship chart, but at that point he was better trying to develop what he already started.

Did we mention he felt really good? And hadn't drank anything yet?


Meanwhile, Ran heard something very vague and unconfirmed about Chen getting into trouble, so she immediately fled the kitchen, leaving Ruukoto, Meira and Haedonggum doing the dirty work. Hae was, of course, the one slacking on the chair watching the others work and tasting their results.

“There is a question I would like to pose”, said Meira while preparing some rudimentary survival sushi, “Is the young mistress a strong fencer?”.

“No, just a hopeless amateur”, Hae rocked her own chair at dangerous angles, staring at the ceiling, “That's why I want you to keep an eye on him. Unfortunately, we don't have time to teach him anything useful”.

“Time?”, Meira wondered. Even Ruukoto was looking at the two while her skillful hands were cutting vegetables without need for visual feedback.

“Time”, Hae confirmed, “Unfortunately, I know only as much as he does about this, since his is the only mind that's open like a book to me. Even thought I am not aware of the details, I'm sure we're in a race against time”.

Meira and Ruukoto looked at each other for a bit, then they both stopped and turned to Hae. “Race against time?”, the robot maid blinked, “Why? What's happening to mistress?”.

“Damned if I know”, the sword shrugged, “Unless you mean what's happening to her right now, in this case it's going to be pretty funny”.

She started laughing at herself, which left the other two with no choice but to ignore her and return to preparing snacks. Those youkai sure ate.


They were talking about how Patchouili needed to get outside more often, and were having a lot of fun teasing her, and then teasing Alice too while they were at it, until Mokuren started staring at the moon and didn't stop.

“Aren't you one of them?”, Marisa was saying while poking Alice on the cheeks, “One of those youkai folk”.

“T-that's not what I said”, she tried to say to defend her position, which was by now completely compromised.

He felt it now, the pulse was there and continuous, it resonated somewhere within his own body, as if it came from his very blood. It was strong, terribly strong, leaving him abashed but incapable of reacting.

“Uhm”, Patchouili said, “Meimu's kind of weird”. Of course it failed to catch anyone's attention.

“And today you were all flustered because of that”, Marisa kept poking Alice, this time at the hips, “Something about you feeling jealous of Reimu's armpits”.

“S-stop, I-I couldn't possibly have s-said that...”, she was backpedaling in total defeat, hoping this would make her somehow disappear.

The pulse was getting stronger, escalating like a time bomb, the countdown rapidly approaching zero. The rest of the conversation went largely unnoticed, he couldn't hear them anymore, their voices too far.

All he could think of, was that the full mon was really beautiful tonight.


Reimu Hakurei, who was Hakurei Shrine's shrine maiden, was flying fast like the speed of light so she could help her assistant where she was, but time was running out so she went really fast.

Until a hungry ghost blocked her path.

“Reeeeeeimuuuu!”, she called in that terribly sweet and innocent voice, “Why didn't you invite me at the paaartyyyy?”.

Truth was, she wasn't even thinking about it, and it was better to not have her involved at all whenever possible, but she had no time for this.

“Not now Yuyuko, there's trouble at the shrine”, she said dismissively, “I have to get there faster than fast”.

“I wanna come!”, she was pouting like a kid, barrel rolling all along in the night sky, “I wanna come! Reimu, you're mean! Not inviting me at your parties!”

“It's not my party! And stop moving like that!”.

Lady Yuyuko's assistant and gardener was just about to catch up when the two went even faster, leaving her well behind.

Youmu looked at the two go, slowed down, then stopped to admire the beautiful full moon, sighing. “It is a good night for me to do what has to be done to help my mistress where she is and defeat the hunger”.

Little did they know, it was already too late.



“MUKYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!”.

The shockwave trampled the whole party as the shout reached the sky, crashing against the stars. Reeled from the event's sheer plot event, Patchu and Alice were hiding and trembling behind Marisa, who looked completely unfazed.

“Wow!”, she even said, “You could do that, ze?”.

Mokuren took a deep breath and pointed at the magicians, “You. You three, we've been in a party for three hours by now, where the hell is all the yuri? Where is my fucking yuri already?”.

He felt real good, in case it wasn't clear before, except now it was even better. It was like a “feel good level up” or something.

“Au”, Patchu said, “Auu-uu”, Alice added, all while hiding behind Marisa, who wasn't exactly the most XBOX being in Gensokyo.

“Don't mind that! You're the star of the party, ze!”, and Marisa proceeded to shove him around the courtyard and back in the clearer visibility of the shrine foyer.

“Oh? Keine?”, Mokou turned around with a kind of surprised expression.

The face she made when she saw Mokuren was priceless. Camera flashes ensued.

“What?”, Mokuren said, charged with feel good drug in every cell of his, “It's that time of the month”.

A mug fell on the ground, evading Mokou's fingers and slipping out, reaching its ultimate freedom by rolling aimlessly on the floor. She stared widely into Mokuren's eyes for a long moment, incapable of any sort of reaction.

Then she rotfl'd.

“... What?”, he was beginning to say that word a lot, wagging his tail, “What are you all laughing at? Shouldn't you be having hot, lesbian sex with each other? Shouldn't YOU be involved in nocturnal hateyuri with Kaguya? What the hell are you laughing at?”.

“I'm not laughing”.

The voice that came from behind him could have frozen his spine solid, but it only gave a shiver thanks to his newly acquired feel good genes. Reimu was, of course, right behind him, and looked a bit pissed, like always.

Forcing himself not to say What? again, he blinked and instead stated: “If you're going to blame this on me again, you're way off”.

“Every single thing that has happened since you came could be blamed upon you, and it will”, she said in her attorney voice and eyes that could shoot like 1200mm navy cannons. Meanwhile, the rest of the participants, at least those who weren't drunken into semi-unconsciousness by Suika, like the whole ⑨ team, were staring at the scene. “Well, it looks like I'm too late anyways. Of course it's your fault for not noticing”.

“Noticing what?”, he caressed the horns that sprouted from his head, “It's not like I'm familiar with the primal pulse that rested inside my very body that only waited for the full moon to break out, it's kind of harsh for you to expect this from me”.

“You could have noticed the human-type bite mark on your neck”, she said while producing a small mirror that showed Mokuren the human-type bite mark on his neck, clear enough that he could count the teeth and discern that yes, it was caused by a human mouth, and was about a day old or two.

“It's not like I watch my neck all day”, he said while trying to cover it with his dress, and miserably failing, “It slipped past me, ok?”.

Then he felt a chomp on exactly the other side of the neck. He turned to stare at a terribly cute face with wavy pink hair encasing its form, who looked back at him with puppy eyes.

“Om nom nom nom”, she said.

“MUKYAAAAAAAAAA!”, in a fit of panic, he threw her away like a sack of mutant potatoes, “What the hell are you doing? I'm not food!”.

“Awwww...”, the cute girl in fabulous blue kimono that wore a Dreamcast spiral on her forehead made such a moé pout that Mokuren's Moe Antibodies immediately made a system shock check. “But I'm so hungry... And you're so... Tasty...”.

Part of the voice after Tasty, and part of her expression, were betraying her sheer determination in eating him until he was fresh. It took him surprisingly little to realize the many ways in which she could eat him.

“Wait”, he took a step back, realizing he was, once again, in great peril, except this time it was potentially a Bible Black type of danger, “Wait, you can't eat me!”.

“Why not?”, asked the hungry ghost with an inclination for wild rape of werecreatures.

“Because I am italian cook!”, and he shot her a bowl of rice and meat Aya was eating while waiting for more embarassing situations to come.

Yuyuko ate it. Bowl included.

“That bowl was mine”, pointed Reimu, “Your debt is tripled”.


In the end, the rest of the evening passed with the ⑨ team totally knocked out, the three magician girls falling asleep on the floor dangerously close to each other, Aya lodged into a wall after she tried to take pictures of Reimu undressing for a bath, Mokou that went back home after laughing her ass off at Mokuren and, of course, everyone else in the kitchen.

“I humbly apologize for the troubles caused by my mistress”, Youmu said while bowing down with her forehead to the floor. Said mistress was eating the Hakurei Shrine's food reserves for the rest of the month, which left Reimu about as broke as she could ever be.

Well, she still has the shrine, Mokuren was starting to think, but quickly erased these thoughts, fearing somebody might read into them and have something happen to the shrine proper.

“Anyways!”, he said, making a quick spin after laying a dish of Carbonara in front of Yuyuko, “Am I not cute?”.

Ruukoto and Meira stared at him, Ran was busy patting the Chen sleeping on her lap.

“... Gross”.

“Eh?”, Mokuren blinked.

“You're kind of gross...”, Ruukoto repeated, albeit a bit out of embarass.

“What? What's gross about me?”, he looked at his own silver and red tail, his now red hair with silver streaks and his straight horns, “I'm cute! I'm totally cute!”.

“Althought it pains me saying so, you are a little gross, young mistress”, Meira added, a bit embarassed herself.

“I'm not gross!”, Mokuren wagged his hakutaku tail around, “I'm cute! I feel good! It's really great!”.

A heartful laugh came from Hae, who patted him hard on the shoulder, “Yeah, I think you're cute too. It suits you”.

“Thanks, Hae”, he sighed, especially because she looked more amused at the situation than struck at his ultimate cuteness. Until Yuyuko started tugging his tail. Again.

“Meimu”, she said, “I'm hungry”.

He turned around, unable to believe that her stomach could be that troublesome. “You... You... Just... Ate!”.

“I'm hungry”, she insisted, and Mokuren quickly took out what little was left from the pantry before Yuyuko's hunger could reach the Bible Black level. Again.

“It seems you are pretty good at getting used to weird situations after all, Moku-nee”, Ran had that foxy eyes of hers. Again, yes, but this time it was a good thing to notice.

“Yeah”, he sighed as he poured the little udon left. One last dish and then he only had to hope he could reason with her, “Not like I have much of a choice”.

“The ability to survive is given by choices”, she pointed out, “It looks like yours weren't that bad if you're still alive”.

He chuckled, good ol' Ransister, “Maybe, but I'm still uneasy about everything”.

“Why is that?”, Chen was quietly purring in her lap.

“Just look at me: I learned danmaku and flight in four days, I have a bunch of youkais that, for how lowly, do just about everything I say and never ask anything back, I've been saved from death and turned into a were-hakutaku. I'm too lucky for this to be not suspicious. Something fishy's going on”.

Ran simply smiled, “Are you sure?”.

“Yes”, he nodded, “For one thing, Remilia put her hands on my destiny, and your mistress is certainly planning something with me”.

Youmu made the about eight meters that separated her mistress' table from the kitchen proper, looking up at Mokuren with a tired face, “Lady Yuyuko is saying she's hungry”.

He stared at the udon. It was, of course, nowhere near ready yet. “... Can you buy me some more time? Her stomach grinds faster than I can cook”.

She grabbed his sleeve, looking at him straight in the eye.

“... I perfectly understand how you feel”.

Yeah, figured that, he smiled and pat her hand, “Thank you Youmu. Just try to help me convince her there's no more food here. And that I'm not food, of course”.

“I'll try”, she promised.

Well, that's the best I can get from her, I guess. He just had to hope it was enough.


The morning's light, filtering from the paper doors left widely and randomly open, was enough to make the rooms warm enough to sleep in even with the somewhat cold wind blowing through the shrine.

It is time, although a bit late, to point out that Mokuren is not really a morning person, especially if he spent the whole night doing something else. He was so tired when he fell asleep that he couldn't even remember when that happened.

He wasn't in the kitchen, he was in another room he didn't really remember well. Oh, yes, the room with the washing machine, here's what was towering near his head. He didn't see anyone else around, but he clearly felt different. This made him curious, and he tried to get up, also because he wanted to see where everyone else had gone.

That's when he realized two increasingly dangerous things.

The first, he only had his drawers (Gensokyo customary) and sarashi. This was bad news, he thought he remembered managing to convince Yuyuko to not rape him until the end of time so there was definitely something fishy in his state. Like, his drawers were even half off.

The second, Keine was sleeping with him under the improvised blankets of a futon, with an arm over his chest.

The third, she wasn't wearing anything.

As soon as he stopped wondering why she wasn't in her hakutaku form since there was a full moon, he figured that, most likely, she only transformed when the moon was actually visible at night. At least considering the fact he was back into human form himself.

As soon as he was satisfied with this discovery, he realized that Keine wasn't supposed to be at that party.

As soon as he realized there were huge pieces of the puzzle that went amiss in a corner of his memory he probably lost, he wondered what was supposed to happen should somebody find them in this situation.

As soon as he finished realizing the kind of terrible situation he was in, and after the camera stopped flashing, he saw Reimu, standing in front of their bed with her hair undone and just in her underwear.

She did not look happy.

Oh shit I'm done for 
Albeit it was a rather warm night, and the wind was refreshing rather than chilly, Reimu was barely any happy about being still awake. Her plans were very simple: sleep until morning, that's what she did every night, except when somebody burst into her house to throw a party of some kind, she wouldn't have slept even if she could in that case.

She stared at her guests, her hair not even tied in her classic ribbon and still in her underwear, which, being Gensokyo, was actually pretty covering, even for summer.

"So", she grunted, "You people fell from the sky. You got lost, stumbled blindly around and then decided to climb a mountain".

"Is that so?"

"That is so".

Reimu blinked, her hands grasping her drawers with a little too much force, those two had quite the nerve, "A mountain. You went up a friggin' mountain. At night. And that's the first thing you decided to do when you realized you were lost".

"Is that so?".

"That is so".

She grit her teeth, and they were drinking her tea. Her own tea, damn it! She needed it for her breaks during work, who did they think they were? She paid no attention to the fact she was starting to look quite scary, with her tired face and eyeshadows, "You couldn't just go to the village and ask for help. You had to climb the whole damn mountain and come to my shrine. My shrine. At this hour in the night".

"Is that so?".

"That i-"

"WILL YOU TWO STOP DOING THAT?". Reimu's hands slammed on the table, making her two guests fall silent, blinking uncertainly as if they just saw a ghost, or a monster that suddenly popped out from under the table. "The hell is with this crap? Go out and sleep on the grass for all I care, you won't die from cold with this weather!".

"Is that s-".

A hastily thrown amulet slapped on Rumia's mouth, sealing it closed and underlining that Reimu wasn't in the mood to fuck around. Her eyes then set on the other guest, the one who wasn't holding her arms stretched out like an idiot although her face didn't really speak of an unfathomable intelligence.

"You", she then said, "Who the hell are you and how many times did you hit your head to think a girl could climb a yokai-infested mountain at night at her leisure?".

The girl set the tea cup down on the table, and Reimu painfully noted it was already empty, just in case she needed more freeloaders, "I have not hit my head, except against this girl, but in my defense I can say that things kind of faded to black when she approached. That really scared me, I thought I was in a visual novel and somehow hit a bad end because of a completely unrelated choice made at an arbitrary point in the past".

"You do realize she's a yokai and she eats people?", Reimu could hardly believe a person this stupid had accidentally stumbled in her shrine. She was human, she would have sensed if she wasn't, so either she was a powerful magician or this was all a bad dream and she would have woke up at any moment to see Suika sleeping on her stomach or something equally granted to give her such retarded nightmares.

"She looks kind of tame to me", the other glanced casually at Rumia, who muttered something in response behind the seal on her mouth, "But really, this is not the heart of the issue. The problem is another: where am I?".

"Funny for you to ask for directions after you ripped a road sign and brought it here", she glared at a genuine road sign, metal pole included, that had some kind of guy with a wheelcart on his head and a big ass sword that was supposed to be a warning, probably about breaking for homicidal freaks crossing the road, "Where the hell do you come from, anyways?".

"I was just on the road between Silent Hill and Raccoon City. See, I was on a small trip with some friends but I went for a walk because I was tired of their skating shenanigans, because I hate skating, so I went to see more of the town which, by the way, was very picturesque at night and-".

"I did not ask for your life!", Reimu slammed her hands on the table again, her tired face didn't make her agitation any less scary, "Oh what the hell, just go sleep under the table, I've had it with you for tonight. You'll leave tomorrow when you can actually see where you're going, and you'll head for the village and ask for their help without them freaking out for seeing a girl all alone out at night carrying weird, kinky stuff!".

"Road signs aren't kinky!", she answered, frowning defensively, "And I'm not a girl!".

Reimu wanted to answer to that, really. She wanted to point out the obvious, or ask her if she hit her head against Rumia so hard her skull cracked and her brain spilled out on her way there, but she simply gave up. She was way too tired to discuss with this weird dream of hers, so she said ,"Whatever, just leave me alone. If you make a racket again I'm exterminating both of you".

They waited for Reimu to leave and return to her room, slamming the sliding door behind her. It is only at that time that the yet unnamed girl decided to remove the seal from Rumia's mouth, and as she looked around the living room, she thought that, all considered, her situation was looking pretty good.

"Is that so?".

"That is so".


In the bright, early summer morning, the Hakurei shrine was rather peaceful. The dust and pollen carried by the gentle wind didn't warrant a thorough sweeping of its grounds, but Reimu was doing so slowly and distractedly, her head most likely somewhere else far, far away, with a beach and a parasol, sipping iced tea.

Her early daydreaming was interrupted by Suika actually doing some work in the periods between festivals where she wasn't drunk, and the reason behind her responsible conduct was, predictably, that what she was helping with were the preparations for the first summer festival.

"Reimu! Hey, Reimu!", she nagged by, pulling her delicious miko sleeve while carrying several wooden poles under her arm, "Where do I put these?".

Reimu wasn't sure what the poles where for, but she assumed they were used to set up the stalls, and in that case Suika was so early it was ridiculous to just consider putting them anywhere handy. "Just leave them in the back, we'll pick them up when it'll be time". Of course, by "we", Reimu meant "you", that went without saying. "Why don't you take out the trash while you're at it?".

Suika darted off. Clearly, taking out the trash so early wasn't necessary for the festival itself, but there was no reason to not abuse of the little oni's will to work, especially considering she'd be drunk and rampaging around rather soon.

A sudden breeze tossed a lock of her black hair on her nose, which promptly distracted her from her train of thought. Sighing, she leant on her broom and stared at the clear sky; it was going to get hot in a few days, but at least she wouldn't have to deal with the rain and could hang her clothes freely. Stupid rainy season, making laundry even worse of a chore.

She idly wondered if the Moriya shrine would have thrown a festival as well. Actually, she was pretty sure they would, but couldn't help asking herself who would have the most visitors. A curious question, considering both of them were in less than hospitable and yokai-infested mountains.

"Reimu! Hey, Reimu!", Suika returned, pulling her delicious miko sleeve while carrying nothing at all and having a dumbfound look on her face, "The garbage is complaining".

Reimu looked down at the little oni, staring at her innocent blue eyes for a long moment, before stomping meaningfully back into her house. When the garbage complains, nothing good can come out of it.

The sliding door to her living room slammed open, revealing Rumia atop the mysterious and yet unnamed girl from last night; they were both sleeping, sprawled disorderly on the floor like a couple of drunkards after a long night of partying. Except that Suika came in the early morning.

The oni, however, had the chance to witness the famous and extremely effective Hakurei method of waking people that sleep on your living room's floor, that basically consisted in kicking them hard in the side until they both rolled over.

"Wha?", the mysterious girl said, "If it's about the letter of marque I swear I didn't-".

"Why are you still here?".

The two blinked in unison, squinting their eyes and trying to wipe their faces. A tired "Is that so?" came from Rumia but was largely treated as background noise, what Reimu was waiting for was an answer from the human one, which she expected to make a bare minimum of sense.

"Uh, me?", she tried to comb her hair with one hand, not realizing there was a damp and sticky spot where Rumia had drooled in her sleep, "Buh, I thought we were in miko miko country?".

A gohei was thrown flat on her face, which helped remove the sleep status, restoring her abilities to think straight.

"Ah! I'm stuck here!", she suddenly shouted, jumping on her feet; she was rather tall, albeit it wasn't a hard feat to achieve considering her company, and her set of clothing was peculiar and marked her as an outsider. Funny thing, Reimu could swear they didn't look like anything that came from Gensokyo, thought it was hard to tell with all those yokai and their fancy styles.

"What do you mean stuck? You have your legs, use them. To get out of here".

"Ah, no, that's not what I meant", she made some weird gestures before giving up and realizing Reimu couldn't understand whatever sign language she just tried to make up on the spot, "I mean, I don't know how I came here or how to go back. Didn't I explain last night?".

"No", Reimu answered, trying to resist the urge to exterminate her, even thought she was human, "You only came in with a yokai and dragging a road sign along and said you were lost".

"Oh, but that's true", the girl nodded sagely, "I do not know how I arrived here, nor how to turn back. I hoped you could somehow help me, you know, maybe with miko miko magic".

"The kind I'm about to use on your face?".

"I was hoping you could avoid the face".

At that point, Suika started tugging on the delicious miko sleeves again, "Reimu, hey Reimu! How about she helps us with the festival? We will need to go to town to buy something anyways, she'll be handy".

Reimu knew that by "something" Suika actually meant "booze", and couldn't escape a chance to use two more arms to carry even more of it. The idea of letting her abuse of a random human hit, for a moment, the feeble wall of responsibility that is hidden inside her heart and acts up from time to time, but then she figured she'd prefer to have her as far away as possible until the incident somehow cleared itself. "Fine", she then said, "You, new girl, follow her to town and do as she says".

"Uh", the yet unnamed girl blinked, then nodded with a smile, "Sure thing! Thanks, miko miko nurse!".

A second gohei hit her face fair and square.

"Name is Hakurei Reimu, and I own this place, so behave yourself if you don't want to be exterminated".

"Y-yes...", she massaged her face, resisting the urge to point out she was human and not supposed to be exterminated at all, but she was also sure Reimu would've proven her wrong had she tried to challenge her on this issue.

Suika then tugged her not miko sleeve and started dragging her along, "Come! Come! We need to buy lots of stuff for the festival!". Shortly, the two disappeared down the stairs, after the torii, and Reimu leant back on her broom with a heavy sigh. So early in the morning and something wrong was already starting to build up.

"This is bad, she looked like an outsider", she muttered to herself, thinking back of the time Sanae came to Gensokyo with that shrine of hers, "Outsiders are nothing but trouble".

"Is that so?".

"That is so".


Fortunately, what was referred to as "the human village" was actually closer to a small town than some random bunch of wood and paper houses next to fields of rice. It did not appear to be particularly advanced, by the means that most likely nobody would've had a phone or, most importantly, an internet connection, but at least it could stand and had more than twenty inhabitants.

The yet unnamed girl assumed there were about as many people spread out in the nearby farms, thought she assumed that, from the number of traders and artisans, there must've been another source of income other than farming. Considering she spotted a grand total of zero buses, which was not uncommon in Gensokyo, she assumed that whoever their trade partners were they couldn't be too far. Maybe.

For one thing, embarking on a dirt road to an unknown destination for the sake of it was maybe an attractive possibility, but very less so with one's hands full of supplies. At first she was surprised there was such a little amount of alcoholic material, but she also considered that Suika most likely didn't trust her enough to let her dirty, outsider hands touch something this precious. Reason for which actual food and mattresses were a better fitting luggage for the yet unnamed girl.

"Why is it that no one asked my name yet?", she asked at a random point of the main street, not bothering if it was the fisherman or the cooper that looked at her funny, "I can understand Reimu since I barged in her house at night, but you seem to be an awfully trusting lot around here".

Suika looked back at her with the absent smile of someone who didn't even spare a single thought to such occurrence. Why call someone by her real name when Reimu was going to exterminate her by the time they'd come back? She could as well have asked once she got her ass kicked, or maybe she just assumed that she was the girl with no name that came from nowhere.

In the end, she decided it was a good idea to widen her smile, "Why, I thought you were just a random human". Funny thing to say in the main street of "the" human village, at least the yet unnamed girl considered that she was no longer between the ranks of "random human" since she just said that. Ought to have counted for a level up, she hoped she could pick a new feat, too.

"I am not a random human, I am...". Huh, funny moment to stop for someone who raised the issue in the first place. She pondered the matter carefully with a somewhat distressed face, but in the end just sighed, "Call me Mokuren, will you?".

"Mokuren, like the tree?", Suika blinked in understanding, "Oh, you're a tree yokai!".

"I'm not a yokai!", she protested.

"So a tree human".

"I'm not a tree!".

Suika stared at her with a blank look, silently questioning if either of the two was drunk out of their skulls; with a slow, detatched motion, she peered into her personal booze container. Mokuren felt the need to specify she didn't drink, but a correctly timed pre-emptive strike on her tongue prevented the outing of such a suspiciously specific denial. The fact it was true had no bearing at all in the matter.

"You're a funny girl", that was Suika's verdict and there was nothing that could be done about it, at all. Mokuren realized it as she hit her tongue a second time before she protested with "I'm not a girl!", a defense that was most likely a waste of breath until she attained access to the ears of more communicative individuals.

"While you're at it, let's split up. You go buy some more rice, I'll take care of the sake", and of course, Suika left off before the other could protest. Fortunately, Mokuren was in no mood for protesting, thought she silently wondered whether she could manage to carry everything back on her own two arms or not. She had a decent endurance but wasn't that strong.

"Rice, rice...", she wandered the side streets more than the main one, because her keen nose and customer senses knew that half the stuff on plain sight were tourist traps, and in this circumstance she was so tourist she could turn into a nethack character any moment. Unfortunately, this place was so old style that even her valiant shopping powers were struck by a strangely well timed daze.

At least until she realized Suika had left her with no money. At all.

"Damn what am I supposed to buy rice with? You damn half-pint oni...", she muttered under her breath as her eyes targeted an interesting scene with laser precision. A girl with a large backpack was selling something on one corner of the main street, smaller packages and small bottles of what looked like common medicaments.

Truth be told, she only saw these details when she was uncomfortably close, what drove her in the first place were the bunny ears. "Excuse me!", she promptly said, almost startling the humanoid rabbit, "Ah, if I may impose. I believe I'm in need of your help. Possibly".

Unsurprisingly, the reaction was rather cold, the girl just stared at her with her crimson red eyes, staying still and wondering where the hell someone like that just jumped out. "Do you need some medicine?", she instead asked, keeping her cool and professionality like a grizzled veteran of the sales wars, "You seem to be... Confused".

"Yes. No. No, wait", she took a step back, trying to avoid gathering enough material to make a second complete idiot out of herself, "Wait, no. I feel fine. My problems do not lie in body health".

"Mental health?", the bunny girl inquired, somehow sure that the other wouldn't have taken offense at such an abrupt jab. She was half right.

"I'm fine, thank you", she paused to put a modicum of believable emphasis on her words, "Look, I come from somewhere far away as you probably noticed", she motioned to her clothing, which was really, really not in tune at all with the local peasants, thought strangely more fitting to the bunny girl's, who was wearing a clean and tidy blazer over a shirt with a tie. The miniskirt added that girly touch that was just lovely.

"Indeed... You look like the part". Mokuren could feel the snap of the quest window informing her that she succeeded in getting the bunny's attention, she was just one objective short of completing it for juicy experience. Well, no, not really, it was gold she was after right now.

"You see, point is: I didn't prepare for such a journey so I don't have the appropriate type of money. You look like a, ah, traveled person, maybe you can help me? I don't know the change rates or anything". She pulled off her own walled and peeked inside. It was certainly enough to buy enough rice, but... Yeah, what was the change rate again.

"I don't think there are moneychangers here", the bunny girl admitted, "I'm afraid there is no way for you t- Wait". She spotted something in that wallet that struck her immediate attention, her crimson eyes setting like laser sights on that single piece of paper.

"What?", Mokuren blinked, she didn't expect such a reaction. Funny people in the human village, even thought she didn't look too human, "These? They're 1000 rubles, I don't know how much they're worth here".

"No, no, the other one".

"Uh? These? They're 20 antarctican dolla-".

"The green one".

Mokuren blinked, the green one? Oh, she must've meant this one, "Oh, this? It's a hundred dollars note. American dollars. How did it get in here?".

"I believe I can give you something for that one", the bunny girl pointed her finger at a couple millimeters from the note the other was holding up, her eyes were dead serious. "Name your price".

"Uh...", the tables had unexpectedly turned, she was ready to do some fast talk, some begging and possibly not get arrested or something for stealing rice or paying with fake money, but actually naming a price for a hundred dollar notes? "Uh... I don't know, I have to buy rice for a festival so... I have no idea, what are the local pr-".

"These will do", the bunny girl arbitrarily decided, grabbing the other's hand and placing a decent amount of varied coins in it while slipping the dollars from her other hand. While Mokuren was still dumbstruck, she quickly but ordinately collected her things, packed, and ran off without another word.

"Uh... Thank you!", she shouted at her running back, blinking at her newly acquired money. She just completed her quest and attained the rank of consumer, which was her objective from the very beginning. Not giving more thought to yet another strange matter in a strange day, she simply went to buy some rice, figuring she'd meet up with Suika right after that and then, hopefully, head back to the shrine before she was made to carry more than she could.

She wondered that, since it was a festival, she had to get some more lampshades to hang, but she figured that back at the shrine she'd find enough to make do.
The sun was gleaming high in the sky as the human and the oni were returning from their quick trip to the village, after having acquired precious festival-making resources. Barely two hundred meters after leaving the place, however, it became rather clear that the human's puny arms were unable to not only support the weight of everything she was carrying, but also quite unfit to carry everything at the same time.

"Thank you, you're a lifesaver", smiled Mokuren as her companion took much of the burden in her place; she hoped she wasn't wrong in thanking the only part of her that remained sort of normal in its, admittedly diminutive, size, but she figured the horde of palmtop Suikas weren't really worthy of an individual conversation. And, if they were, she had to admit something in the back of her brain was holding her curiosity back.

"Don't worry about it! Don't worry!", the little oni was already drinking with way too much glee. Most of the goods she bought were the kind that she could put in her gourd and quaff down with abandon, just like she did every other step, apparently; it was a surprise she had the resources to support such a drunkard lifestyle, but then Mokuren assumed oni like her must've had some mysterious money-summoning powers just for sake. That, or the villagers just gave it to her for free of what would happen otherwise.

Which wasn't all that unreasonable, considering the local economy; she herself has been treated to many a discount on the grounds that she looked weird, maybe they assumed she was another yokai?

"Say, Suika", she then decided to try and strike a more appealing topic of conversation, "What can you tell me about the Hakurei festival?".

"It's the Hakurei shrine festival!", the oni answered, compacting a surprising amount of uselessness in a single sentence, enough to daze Mokuren and make her believe, albeit for but a moment, that she didn't really hear such an answer.

As she attempted to summon potential dialog options in her brain, Mokuren sought to keep the conversation alive yet somehow useful to her quite unprepared self, "Yes, but, I mean... Is it a famous festival? Will a lot of people from the village come? They seemed to be quite friendly to me...".

Suika made that strange smile that drunkards do when they don't understand the question but are too drunk to either admit it or ask for confirmation or even just to repeat the question, which brought the human to her best attempt at holding a sigh and yet another, final attack at the topic of conversation.

"... What do we need to do now?", in her ingenuity, she thought that a question this simple would have worked, but she was still new to Gensokyo and didn't quite grasp the idea that no, common sense couldn't apply there.


When the two girls came back, Mokuren had guessed from a cursory look at Reimu's face that she was going to be asked question that she probably wouldn't have managed to answer despite her best intentions.

"I'm going to ask you a question you probably won't be able to answer", said Reimu as soon as the human was in range, "But... Why did you buy all that stuff?".

Still trying to recover from her failed attempts at conversation with Suika, Mokuren resorted to the last drops of her social willpower to try and, for once, not make a fool of herself in front of the landlady, "I don't know, I bought what food I could get with the money I had, and sort of trusted Suika for everything else. I assumed that, being a festival, we'd need to feed quite the people...".

"No", was Reimu's prompt answer, but instead of a gohei to the face, she simply set aside the broom she was using to pretend to brush the dead leaves away and instead said something that could be interpreted as positive, "You did good getting food, however".

"We have many to feed?".

"I was starving. The rice, now, give it to me".

There was something comforting and yet unnerving in Reimu's tone of voice, Mokuren thought that, if she for some insane reason decided to refuse Reimu her food, the shrine maiden would've just annihilated her with her miko miko powers and left not a shred of her being left for a proper burial. Of course, she had no reason to, so she simply handed over the relatively heavy sacks of rice she insisted in carrying on her own, so as not to appear like a complete freeloader.

"Good, good", there was a glint of cuteness in Reimu's reaction after seeing several kilograms of food safely in her tiny but all-clutching hands. Was she even on the verge of tears?

"Well... What do we need to do with the rest?", Mokuren insisted, taking advantage of this brief moment in which she could, possibly, hold a somewhat ordinary conversation with another human being, "I assume the people with the stalls will come up and build them themselves, will they? Speaking of which, how much time do we have to prepare for this?".

"Huh?", Reimu's interested appeared to wane shortly after having received food, and she had promptly returned to her previous, rather uncaring self, "There's still three days left, no reason to get excited so early".

Mokuren's already-budding sixth sense was starting to pick up this weird feeling that there was something in this place she got into that didn't really respect the laws of the world she's previously grown into, and most of these laws had to do with the behaviour of intelligent creatures. She bit her lower lip, carefully examining the choices that popped up in front of her face, and wondered if she couldn't just pick one at random and then push the skip button, or something as lame.

"Ah, I just thought...", she tried nonetheless, "... We might get many visitors and need to prepare something in advance...".

"Yes, we will get many visitors, but they can take care of themselves", as Reimu started hauling the precious foodstuffs into her house, Mokuren couldn't help but feeling that such an attitude was... She'd think inexcusable, but she was kind of afraid that, somehow, in this world, someone could have managed to read her mind and slap her across the face for such an offensive idea.

"Ah... I see... Well, maybe we could set up some poles or flags so that the villagers don't get lost while climbing up the mountain to come here?".

Such an idea, that Mokuren thought perfectly reasonable, was met by a weird glance from Reimu, as if the human girl suggested setting the whole shrine on fire so as to make it visible at night, "... Villagers don't come here for the festival", she simply explained.

It was at about that moment that Mokuren decided her ability to hold conversations with people in this alien world was more or less exhausted.

"... Would you like me to fix lunch?", she then offered, out of purely automated verbal reflexes, but relatively surprisingly, the proposition was met by a starry-eyed Reimu. Mokuren's confusion gauge was over 100% capacity, but her happiness meter grew by about 10%, which made everything better nonetheless.


"... And that's it, I'm not familiar with those cooking utensils and implement, so I went for something quite classic", the foreign girl explained, "I'm also unfamiliar with the local spices, so I decided to go with quite ordinary steamed rice with peas, stirred egg and bamboo shoots, I hope this isn't...".

She stopped the moment she realized that Reimu was too busy devouring the innocent and most definitely undefended world of rice, and Suika was... Wasn't there, actually, which was strange, she looked like a complete freeloader. At least Mokuren now had kitchen duty, which was a little better than doing nothing at all; actually, considering the circumstances and Reimu's reaction to food, she had most likely hit a sensitive and useful spot in which to build a niche fit for survival.

Taking the chance to relax a little bit, she breathed deeply and resumed eating; it wasn't much of a problem that Reimu turned into the devourer of worlds once sat at the kitchen table, for Mokuren had cooked for three and had problems different than food at this very moment, albeit after the early wake and all the trip down and up the mountain, she had to admit she was kind of hungry. However, sitting across Reimu was kind of like feeling a little inadequate at playing shooter games while watching someone choose easy mode and failing before the third stage.

She carefully avoided any feelings of pity, in the off-chance someone could read her mind, a thought that for some reason she felt very possible in a world devoid of common sense.

After lunch was over, Mokuren felt the chances were quite right to take the initiative yet again and avoiding falling down the niche usually fit for male leads, whose presence was just a token to justify fanservicelike shenanigans. Her assertiveness was on the line.

"So, Reimu... This mountain is quite dangerous, isn't it?", this much she had guessed already, albeit it looked quite tame to her up to now, "That's why villagers aren't invited to the festival, is it?".

"Aaaaah", Reimu sighed in bliss, the mere presence of food in her body was enough to untie her tongue and turn her into a quite different and much more agreeable person than she's been up to then, "It's a bother, yes. Nobody ever comes to give offerings and I have to rob the local yokai to make a living", she said that with such a smile it was impossible to point out her obviously criminal tendencies, "And a lot of big eaters come for this festival anyways, so I'm not all that thrilled".

"But who comes, if the human villagers don't?", there, she was getting closer to the point, she was finally going to get some answers... Hopefully.

A tense silence followed, as Reimu took her pretty time before cooking up an answer, leading Mokuren to suspect she wasn't going to answer at all. Eventually, however, she received something, "You'll meet them quite soon".

There were two striking points about this statement, the first was that Reimu actually expected her to keep showing up (possibly as a side effect of her super-effective food attack), the second was that these people were hard to describe, or perhaphs Reimu was just being lazy. Whatever the reason, Mokuren was going to find out soon, very soon.

So soon, in fact, that she was distracted by quite some rustling just outside the shrine; seeing how Reimu was too deep into her food-induced nirvana, she figured it was her duty to go and investigate, so she fought the irregular gales as she stepped outside.

"I've come here to play da ze~!".

The statement was followed by a loud, metallic thunk as Marisa was sent flying inside the house, landing with her blond and curly head just against Reimu's lap.

"Hi Reimu!", she said, completely unfazed, as Mokuren went back inside, still holding her trusty road sign that now had a weird bent on it.

"Oh, Marisa", Reimu went one step away from the bliss and further back into normality, at least what she would considering like that herself, "You're here".

"Oh", Mokuren blinked, starting to get this strange feeling that she made an apparently obvious and perfectly justifiable choice that somehow would have lead to a quickly-approaching bad end, thus reinforcing her idea that she was, indeed, in a visual novel of sorts, "... Is she your friend?".

"She's Marisa", Reimu explained, stating the obvious once again, "She's one of those people I told you about".

"Yo!", Marisa added, smiling despite the bruise on the cheek and a certain bleed from the corner of her mouth, "I came here to play da ze~!", she repeated.

"Oh damn I'm so sorry!", Mokuren quickly laid her road sign down and profoundly apologized, but making sure as to not genuflect, seeing her possible situation, "I thought you were some kind of intruder! Despite I came in last night with a yokai and we were perfectly fine!".

"It's okay! I'm fine!", Marisa insisted, albeit wobbling irregularly and looking on the verge of falling as she tried to stand, "I liked the surprise attack! It hadn't happened in a long while!".

"You're not fine at all! Stay here, I'll go fetch a first aid kit", still clutching relentlessly to her common sense, Mokuren attempted to look for a first aid kit, unaware of the fact her chances of finding one were pretty low.

"If she says she's fine, she's fine", Reimu insisted with a blink, instilling a little seed of doubt inside Mokuren, who, genre savvy albeit in the wrong way, figured the most obvious and sensible choice in a visual novel would be the one yielding the worst result. Of couse she sucked so hard at visual novels that she still picked the common sense choice in spite of the thousands of warning signs.

She realized it was a bad end the moment she actually found a first aid kit, possibly something to remind her of the uselessness and inapplicability of common sense inside Gensokyo for her next playthrough. She also realized something was going terribly awry when Marisa didn't resist the treatment too much, albeit her conditions weren't allowing her to put much of it, despite it wasn't too much of a serious hit. Reimu didn't seem to understand what was going on.

"I'm fine, I'm fine da ze!", Marisa eventually looked like she could satisfy a beginning of bandaged girl fetish, which meant that maybe her chances of not hitting a bad end square in the face weren't too bad, "But now I want a rematch! Let's fight fair and square, one on one!".

Mokuren blinked. A fight? Fair and square? It looked like she could afford it, she probably didn't mean a fight to the death, which translated into higher bad end evasion chances. "Uh... If you insist...".

"Great!", Marisa looked ecstatic despite the bandaids and the wrap of bandage around her jaw, "Let's go outside then! I'm eager to see what this new girl is capable of!".

"I... I'm not a girl...", Marisa probably didn't even hear Mokuren say that, but it was fine, she didn't want to take chances considering the situation.

She followed the petite black and white blondie outside, and Reimu sat on the porch to watch, apparently interested in seeing what was going to happen; Mokuren brought the road sign with her, hefting it on her shoulder and readying for a fight, though she wasn't really happy with the idea of hitting a complete stranger that sounded quite friendly.

"Are you ready?", Asked Marisa, holding her broom in hand, Mokuren immediately realized that this fight was going to be worse than she thought: when you face a small girl armed with a broom in a one on one fight nothing can go right. Feeling it was too late to pull back Mokuren nodded and readied herself in a low stance, keeping the road sigh at the ready to strike.

"Here I come!", Marisa shouted as she climbed on flied up.

Mokuren blinked. Flying? Why was she flying away? And more importantly, wasn't this cheating? "Uh... Hey, Reimu", she pointed up at Marisa, "... Why is she flying?".

Reimu blinked, unfazed and back into her normal, unhelpful self, "It's a danmaku fight. Duh".

"Danmaku?", she looked up at Marisa, who was apparently getting ready and holding something small in her hand, but she was too far to tell what it was, "... What's danmaku?".

"A multicoloured bullet and graze fight", she more or less resumed Reimu in a painfully abridged statement of what is a whole genre of shoot 'em up games. Oh, so it was a firefight, and she was armed with a road sign.

"I hope you're ready!", Marisa shouted from afar, as Mokuren tried to recalculate her chances of survival and found out she really, really hated visual novels.

"Hey, Reimu", she asked instead of worrying about her fight.

"What?".

"how do i shot danmaku?".

"haha i dunno", said the master spark that hit her squarely in the face.


"B-b-but mistress! It's dollars! American dollars!", the rabbit insisted, looking rather panicked, "It's an american! The americans have infiltrated Gensokyo! They're going to wage war here!".

"My, my, Reisen", the foxy woman tossed her braided silver hair behind her shoulder as she shifted her legs to sit more comfortably, portraying a scene for which most Hollywood film makers would pay in blood to shoot, "It's unlike you to panic this much, aren't you a former military? You should know how to handle the enemies like this".

"M-m-mistress!", the rabbit looked on the verge of tears, "This is serious! We must warn the princess! The rabbits! This could get serious! It could be the start of another w-".

"Speaking of which, Reisen", the woman interrupted, staring at the rabbit with a gorgeous smile and a merry shine in her deep blue eyes, "Weren't you supposed to sell all medicine in the human village before coming back?".

"I ran away as fast as possible once I found these dollars!", she admitted, then her eyes kind of blanked, realizing the rapidly approaching bad end she cornered herself into.

"You have purposefully disobeyed my orders, then?".

Reisen's tears started flowing, albeit for different reasons; she wasn't shaking anymore, caught in this abject terror where not even the body is able to move or respond to involountary commands, much like simple trembling.

"B-but... M-mistress...", her voice rapidly waned, "... War... Blood... Potential genocides...".

The other woman was smiling so widely her face could have ripped at any moment, and she pulled out something that Reisen didn't have the heart to look at, completely locked into Eirin's blue eyes.

"Punishment time~". 

It was a full moon tonight, and was the color of blood. Normally I wouldn't care so much but today I feel that something is going to happen, since I do have a sixth sense. Anyway, it was kinda creepy how the moon could become so bloody red and it feels a little eerie.That and how everyone get to stay inside the mansion but me. I sometimes wonder about my life which I seem to be wasting being a gatekeeper. Everybody torment me whenever I take a break, especially Sakuya. But then again, Scarlet Devil Manor would be invaded and destoryed over countless time if I wasn't here. Yes, I am the great gate guard Hong Meiling! Guardian of SDM, protector of the Scarlets,master of chinese martial arts and the bearer of the biggest breast in the entire mansion!

"Hahahahahaha!!!"

"I see you're slacking off again Meiling"

I turned and saw Sakuya.

"Wait, I wasn't slacking off! I was...err...I was..."

"Save it. I don't have time for this. Tonight is the night of the Hunters moon and I have an important mission." Sakuya told me.

Important mission? Important enough not to impale me with knifes? Wow that must be special.

"I see. Well, have fun then Sakuya!I'll do my best to guard the gate."

Sakuya came so close to my face I could practically smell her breath and everything she ate. She must have had another helping of garlic bread, about 3 slices (phew it stinks),2 cup of tea and some coffee. I felt like passing out but I knew if I do Sakuya would be all over me again.

"You better not slack off while I am gone, cause if I get back and if even one, just one, single living creature get in I will cut apart each and every limb on your body then I will throw you to the underworld myself. Understand?"She threatened with a cold whisper.

Normally I got use to her death threats but tonight's sound especially scary.

"Ye...Yes ma'am. Un...understood ma'am." I was able to reply.

"Good, now I have to go."

She walked about few second and stopped.

"Wait, I actually do have time to spare."

At that moment, I knew it was going to be another night of living hell.

After a few minutes (or seconds. I wasn't able to count since Sakuya stop time multiple time)of impaling and cutting me, Sakuya finally left. Mind you that it hurt a lot and I even felt like crying now. I always wondered what was her problem but I guess the most obvious is that she's jealous of my breast (did you know that Sakuya's breast score was five out of forty in the Ms.Gensokyo competition? I was able to score a total of thirty out of forty. I think the one who won it was some women by the name Eirin Yagokoro who was able to score a thirty-nine out of forty last time. It was surprising and I actually think she cheated but it didn't really matter to me that much. It was after that day that it seems Sakuya is going after me) I was able to recover in no time thanks to the power of my Chi (which is really useful in combat and self healing) and I was back to guarding the gate. It was an extremely boring job since hardly anyone ever comes near our mansion, and I don't blame them unless they want to die or is just very, very stupid.

"This is so boring it makes reading looks fun."

"That's because reading is fun..."I

turned around and saw Patchouli,which was pretty surprising since that girl never leaves her room.

"Patchy, you're outside? Wow, this is one weird night" I joked.

"Those who don't understand the events will never understand life"

"Wha...? I think...you got that phrase wrong"

"...Oh, you're right."

The thing about Patchouli is that how she would try to make up her own philosophic phrase but she seems to always get them mixed up. I think she should just stick with reading and magic or either that she should really start buying some fortune cookies.

"So why are you out here Patchy?"

"You haven't notice?"

"Uh, notice what?"

"The moon."

"Oh, yeah I know. It's blood red tonight. I do find it a bit eerie but it's pretty normal."

"To have a red moon is not natural, especially in august."

"What do you mean? There's always a red moon every few days on august"

"Tsk,tsk, you do not understand. It seems nobody have notice yet. This is august, the night of the corn moon."

"So? I don't get what you're saying. Where are you going with this?"

Patchouli sighed.

"Never mind. You just stand guard, I'm going to be going out for a while."

I was not sure what was happen but too see Patchouli go outside of her room tonight, there is definitely something weird going on. I want to investigate too, but if I leave something might happen to SDM. That and Sakuya would kill me. I sometimes wonder what my life would be like if I got a different job... 
Spring had come to Gensokyo, and nobody cared.

Of course, this could be easily forgiven, as it was in the wee hours of the morning, and most of the mystical country's denizens were either hours from awakening or just getting to bed. A shame too. For as far as mornings went, it was a beautiful one. The sun was just beginning to peek over the tips of the mountain range, illuminating miles of dewy fields and sleepy forests. The buds of the first flowers of the year began to open in response to the sun's rays. A low mist hovered over the ground to billow over the lakes, enjoying its last few moments of dominance before the sun banished it entirely. In the forest, birds began to flit from tree to tree, singing their greetings to one another.

However, everyone else couldn't care less. Beyond the birds and the flowers, the various inhabitants of Gensokyo were asleep and planning on remaining that way for the foreseeable future. Everyone that was, except one.

"SSSSSPRRRRRRIIINNNNGGGGG!"

Lily White literally exploded into the air, showering the land with projectiles of various sizes and shape as flowers bloomed in her wake. The first day of spring always worked her into frenzy, and this year was no exception. Laughing with joy, she zipped to and fro through the air, announcing winter's end to anyone who would hear. Whether they liked it or not.

"Wake up everybody!" she called as loud as she could. "Wake up! It's here, it's finally here! Spring has arrived!"

And it worked. Throughout the forest, various youkai stirred in their makeshift beds, wishing that she would just shut up for once. Kappa poked their heads above water, curious to see what all the fuss was about. Even the humans in their villages weren't immune to Lily's cry, as many of them cursed themselves for forgetting their earplugs this year while those who had remembered cursed themselves for not investing in a stronger set of earplugs. And in an ancient mansion several miles away, a cranky young vampire demanded that her maid "Shoot the damned thing down already." Unfortunately for them, Lily had learned from past experience to stay well out of firing range,

If the white-clad fairy had any idea how irritating her self-imposed duty was making her, she gave no indication. This was her job, and she would do it to the very best of her ability. If people didn't like it, it was their fault for sleeping through part of the first day of spring. She twirled in the air, joyfully spreading love and bullets as she went.

"SSSSSPRRRRRRIIINNNNGGGGG!"

That was when something hit her in the face, something cold, wet and soft. Startled, she forgot how to fly and tumbled head over heels back to the ground. Fortunately there was a soft patch of grass for her to land in, but the impact still knocked her senseless. She struggled to sit up, but three seconds after her arrival, a sudden burst of lilies erupted around her, knocking her back down again.

Lily groaned and rubbed her head. She had no idea what had hit her, but she was growing increasingly aware of the fact that it was still in her mouth. She frowned and spat it out. Whatever it was, it was white and colder than anything had a right to be. Come to think of it, it looked a lot like…

Snow?

A snowball? Someone had hit her with a snowball? On the first day of spring?

The fuzziness in her mind burned away, engulfed by the fury that was now growing within her at an alarming rate. Someone had dared use an element of winter to attack her. She was going to find that someone. She was going to make them hurt.

A raucous round of nearby laughter suggested that she would not have to look far.

Growling, she pushed aside the lilies and got a good look at her attackers. There were five of them: three youkai and two fairies. The youkai were the ones responsible for the laughter. One of them, a girl in a black dress with a red and white ribbon in her yellow hair, was helping support a sparrow-girl with short brown hair, a tan dress and a strange winged hat. The third, a firefly by the looks of her, one with a mop of green hair and strangely boyish clothing, wasn't even bothering with trying to hold herself up and was rolling on the ground in hysterics. One of the fairies, a girl in a blue dress whose green hair was tied into a ponytail, looked incredibly nervous as she hovered behind the group. However, the other, this one with blue hair and six crystalline wings, didn't look nervous at all, and judging from the unrepentant grin on her face and the snowball she was tossing up and down Lily had found her culprit.

Lily knew them, of course. Everybody knew them, nobody liked them. Rumia, Mystia Lorelei, Wriggle Nightbug, Daiyousei and, of course, Cirno. It was generally agreed that no matter the time, date, or season, Cirno's gang was going to be up to no good. It was also agreed that there wasn't enough brains between them to fill a water bucket. The combination made them very infamous indeed.

"You!" Lily spat.

Cirno's grin just increased. "Well, what'd you expect? All that flying around, screaming 'Spring!' at the top of your stupid lungs and waking everybody up! Frankly, I'm surprised someone didn't shut you up earlier!"

Lily's eyes narrowed and she pulled herself to her feet. "How dare you!" she shouted. "This is spring! Winter has no business here!"

In response, Lily got another face full of snow. She quickly wiped it off to see Cirno's tongue sticking out and her thumb pressing up on her nose.

"I'm an ice fairy, not a winter fairy," Cirno announced. "So nyah!"

Unlike her leader, Daiyousei didn't look to confident about harassing Lily. "Um, C-Cirno," she stuttered, "maybe you shouldn't-"

This warning was ignored. "What, you can dish out but you can't take it? Is that it?" Cirno taunted. "I guess you really are all talk! And that is why I'm the-"

"Look out!" Daiyousei shouted.

She swooped down and tackled Cirno to the ground. Just in time too, because Lily's trademark hurricane of bullets obliterated the area she had been occupying. The rest of her gang stopped their laughter to stare up as Lily White rose into the air. Though to be honest, the Spring fairy was now quite the captivating sight. She was now literally blazing with fury, with chaotic energies swirling around her fists and dancing in her eyes.

"WHY YOU DISREPSECTFUL LITTLE TRAMP!" Lily bellowed with all the force in her lungs. "I'LL TEACH YOU TO DISRESPECT SPRING'S MESSENGER! FEEL THE MIGHT OF SSSSSPRRRRRRIIINNNNGGGGG!"

"Scatter!" Rumia called. The surrounding around was immediately bombarded by a storm of firepower. Grass exploded upwards in clumps and flower patches bloomed just in time to be cut to shreds.

Cirno's gang, however, had not stuck around to see this happen. All five of them were now shooting through the forest, most of them sending out taunts and catcalls back at Lily. This of course did absolutely nothing to improve her mood.

It would probably be pointless to go after them. There were five of them, after all, and in the Forest of Magic even one would be difficult to catch.

Still, they had disrespected spring. You just didn't let an insult like that slide.

Lily took in a deep breath. Well, she had been planning on shooting the landscape up anyway as part of her yearly ritual. It looked like this time she would have a target.

After taking a moment to ready all the energy she had available, Lily began to follow.

…

It was generally agreed upon that while being a part of Cirno's gang was great fun, it was not without risks. As such, having to flee the angry victim of one prank or another was had long become routine.

Fortunately, Lily White was far from the strongest person to have pursued them with murderous intent. And they did outnumber her five-to-one. In fact, Cirno could probably have taken her on her own. But why stand and fight when driving your victim nuts was so much more fun? And seeing how Lily had never been playing with a full deck to begin with, they really didn't have to try hard.

Three youkai and two fairies dashed and darted through the trees of the Magic Forest, laughing and taunting as they went. Above the treetops, a furious Lily could be seeing trying to shoot them down with burst after burst after burst. She was certainly doing a great deal of damage, but thanks to her growing frustration none of her shots were hitting home. This of course was not lost on the targets of her ire, and their taunts and catcalls barraged her from every direction.

"Ha! Missed again you loser!"

"Wow, you really are a bad shot, aren't you?"

"Not even close, not even close, and the dumb fairy can't hit the broad side of a mountain!"

"Ahhh! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, don't hurt me! Ahhh!"

Well, taunts, catcalls and one plea for forgiveness. Daiyousei never had gotten the hang of the whole "danger" thing.

Frustrated, Lily skimmed above the treetops, angrily searching every which way for her prey. Movement to her left caught her eye, and she launched another barrage in that direction. A high-pitched cackling told her she had missed.

Lily balled up her hands. "Where are you?" she cried out in frustration. "Come out and fight! You're all a bunch of filthy cowards!"

A nearby voice answered. "Is that so!"

"Huh?"

And that was when the world went dark.

Lily shrieked in surprise. She balked in mid-air and swung about in confusion. It was as if someone had deactivated her eyes and then struck out the sun for good measure. Now that was just cheating.

"WHAT IS THIS?" Lily screamed into the darkness. "WHATEVER YOU'RE DOING, STOP IT!" When her opponents failed to answer, she tried firing several more blasts in random directions. She swooped around, listening carefully for sounds of impact. From the sound of things, she had managed to hit several trees, but there were no cries of pain. Damn it.

Then the darkness disappeared.

Lily breathed a sigh of relief. Apparently she had managed to hit whoever had swallowed the light. There was that at least…

It was then that she noticed that she was on a collision course with a surprisingly tall and hard looking tree.

Lily's eyes popped in their sockets. She tried to bank hard, but her momentum was too great. She slammed face-first into the trunk hard enough to make the top of the tree sway back and forth. Her brain rattled in her skull and her thoughts immediately dissolved into nonsense.

"Guhhh, what in the tree love Spring I like beans-"

Rationalism managed to catch up before she went tumbling. Lily shook off the confusion and steadied herself. She noticed a sizeable bump beginning to form over her right eyebrow. She gingerly touched it and winced as it protested the contact.

Oh yeah. Someone was going to die. Unfortunately those someones were nowhere to be seen. She couldn't even hear their annoying taunts anymore.

"That was a cheap shot!" she called out in hopes of luring them out. "Come out and face me like a ma-" Wait, that wasn't right. "Like a fai-" No, that didn't quite work either. "Um, like something that's really, really brave!" Uninspired, but it got the point across.

Still there was no response. Again, Lily felt murderous urges surge within her. This was by far the worst First Day of Spring she had ever had, and that was taking the incident with the vampire into account.

Well, she couldn't kill anyone if she couldn't find them. Lily skimmed over the tops of the trees, hoping for some sign of those who had completely ruined her favorite day of the year.

…

Unfortunately for Lily White, Cirno's gang was no longer running. After Lily had collided face-first with the tree, they had taken shelter under a fallen log and snickered away while she shouted out her challenge. And once she had finally wandered out of earshot, their muted chuckles erupted and they fell over themselves laughing. Even little Daiyousei couldn't help but join in.

"Oh wow, I can't believe she fell for that!" Wriggle said as she wiped tears from her eyes.

"Me neither!" Mystia agreed. "And when Rumia hit her with the darkness?"

Seeing an opportunity to claim the spotlight, Cirno jumped up and began twirling around in a passable imitation of Lily's movements while blinded. Her friends laughed and cheered their encouragement.

"Oh, I'm blind, I'm blind," she wailed. "Where can I be?"

She then spun around and pretended to collide with a nearby bush.

"Oh no, I am defeated by a giant stick!" Cirno declared as she tumbled onto her back. "May your mothers be cursed with lameness and you fathers with dysentery!"

This performance was rewarded with another round of cheering from the gang. "Bravo, bravo!" Rumia applauded. "Your performance moves me to tears!"

Cirno popped to her feet and bowed low to her audience. "Thank yew, thank yew. I call it 'Stupid Windbag Who Refused to Shut Up and Got What Was ComWAHHH!"

Cirno's acceptance speech was suddenly interrupted by a hard metal object that had flown through the air to smack her in the head. Cirno was knocked over on her face, while the object in question tumbled into the underbrush.

Her gang immediately dove for cover. Flying objects targeted towards their heads was an occupational hazard in their line of work, and one didn't survive long by being a hero.

When it seemed that no more things would be flying with intent on doing them harm, they carefully peeked out from behind the log's shelter. Cirno was still lying unmoving on her face, and the thing that had hit her was likewise just as motionless. They gathered their courage and snuck out to check up on their leader.

"Cirno?" Wriggle said as she prodded the nearly unconscious fairy with a fairy. "Hey Cirno, you all right?

Daiyousei took a more direct route in her inspection. She flipped Cirno over and grabbed her face. "Hey Cirno, are you okay? Say something! Cirno?"

Cirno's head wobbled from side to side as she me mumbled, "Gugghhh, no teacher, I swear the pink umbrella wasn't in the lovely garbage flower I need scissors, sixty-one. Where's the bus!"

Everyone exchanged a look that clearly said "Huh?"

"Sadly, that's the most intelligent thing she's said in awhile," Wriggle muttered.

That got a snicker out of Rumia. "I hope no brain cells were killed. It's not like she can afford the loss."

That was when two pale hands shot out to grab them by their necks, ending their slanderous conversation. Jerking in surprise, they saw a still damaged but irate Cirno rising to her feet.

"I...heard…that…" she snarled as she began to throttle her backbiting subordinates. Daiyousei yelped and tried to pull her away, but her efforts were completely ineffectual. Wriggle and Rumia both began gasping out their apologies as their faces began to change color.

Mystia, it should be noted, was more interested in inspecting the strange flying object than saving her teammates. She pulled it out of the bushes and inspected it in puzzlement. "Huh. I wonder this came from," she muttered as she ran a hand over its surface.

Cirno stopped her murderous rampage long enough to take notice of her comment.

"What?"

The quarrel quickly forgotten, Cirno quickly released her teammates and the four of them joined Mystia in inspecting on object.

The object in question turned out to be a small iron cooking kettle. Its black surface was covered with dried grease, and its interior was coated with something that could not be easily identified.

Wriggle picked it up and inspected its side. "Wow Cirno, your head really dented this thing!"

"Well, whose fault is that?" Cirno muttered. "I didn't ask to be assaulted by a crazy flying pot!"

"Hehe, pothead."

The cold glare this comment received told Wriggle that discretion would probably be the better part of valor in this situation. Mystia paid no attention to their exchange and instead turned her attention to the kettle's interior.

What she found inside made her grimace. "Ugh, good thing you didn't get this stuff on you."

"Why, is it gross?"

"Big time."

Daiyousei peeked in. "Ew, is that alive?" she gagged. "When was the last time somebody cleaned this thing?"

"Wow, it looks almost sentient," Rumia agreed.

Cirno looked at her in confusion. "Centa-what?"

"It's a type of cheese," Mystia explained.

Rumia didn't bother to correct her. She picked the kettle up and squinted at its dented side. "Now, I wonder where this could have come from?" she mused.

A slight movement caught her eye. Reflexes honed by years of hanging out with Cirno took over and she dove out of the way. Just in time too, because what appeared to be a bamboo fishing pole whizzed right through the area previously occupied by her head and rebounded off a rock.

Everyone's eyes boggled. "What the hell is going on-"

Then they fell silent. Almost in unison, they turned to see where the objects were coming from. There, sitting by itself in a small clearing, was a one-story house. The building was T-shaped in construction, with the front door at the end of the lower-most bar. Its tiled roof sloped sharply upwards, and one of its arching windows, presumably the source of the thrown objects, was open. From inside, the sound of crashing and yelling could be heard.

Cirno and her friends exchanged a look and crept forward to investigate. As they approached, the shouting voices became more and more coherent.

"Stop throwing my stuff, ze!"

"Do you ever even use any of this junk? No wonder you can't find anything!"

"I could until you started throwing things around and messing everything up!"

"Messing things up? This place is a wreck! It is beyond a wreck! This place makes the dump look like a museum!"

Rumia scratched her head. "Uh, is that…"

"Marisa Kirisame and Alice Margatroid?" Wriggle answered. "I think so. That's Marisa's house at least."

"So…what are they doing?" Cirno asked.

Her question only got shrugs and blank looks in response. Fortunately, there was a rather convenient open window available. The five of them arranged themselves around the opening and warily looked inside.

…

The young witch known as Marisa Kirisame was renowned throughout Gensokyo for her sharp intelligence and strong work ethic. Unfortunately, this was heavily counterbalanced by her infamous rudeness, impulsive nature, a tendency to be "free" with other people's belongings, a lightning quick temper and for being extremely messy. This latter trait was best exemplified by the state of her home. The place was almost a literal landfill of junk. Boxes, books, weapons, toys, clothing and a variety of other items were piled in her typical careless manner throughout the house. Dirty laundry was piled in unruly mounds, mixed in with several old volumes that looked rather valuable. Filthy dishes filled the mold-coated washtub and lay stacked along its sides. And to top it off, everything was coated with dust and spider webs.

The girl herself had gone into a frenzy. Her arms were loaded with even more random items and she was frantically running to and fro trying to catch others as they flew through the air. The reason for her stuff's sudden interest in aerial acrobatics was her "guest," though that term would be applied loosely. Alice Margatroid was the closest thing Marisa had to a neighbor, in that she was the only person whose home was within walking distance. As such, the two could be technically considered friends, though given how often they were seen to be sniping at each there was much confusion as to whether they were close companions, bitter enemies, or passionately in love. Really, the rumors went all over the place.

At the moment, Alice was busy digging through one of Marisa' many junk piles, tossing item after item over her shoulder in her search. Over Alice's shoulder floated what appeared to be a blonde-haired doll in a black dress. Like the girls themselves, Alice's doll Shanghai was the source for many rumors, and no one could agree upon whether the anthropomorphic toy actually possessed a will of its own or was just controlled remotely by her master.

"I swear to everybody," Alice muttered as she dug her way deeper into the refuse, "this is the last time I let you borrow my-What on Earth is this?"

She held up a strange black plastic box. Buttons and odd holes dotted one side, and a square-shaped bit rising out of the top. Painted onto the square bit was some kind of smirking blue-and-yellow creature.

"Huh?" Marisa dropped her armful of rescued items and wandered over to look. "Oh, that. Dunno, got it from Rinnosuke's shop. I think he said it was some kind of game."

Alice tugged experimentally on the square part. To her surprise, it popped right out, revealing itself to be a cartridge of some kind. She looked at Marisa in confusion, who just shrugged.

"Lame," Alice said as she tossed them both her shoulder.

…

Outside, five sets of eyes watched the two with intense interest.

"Wow, where'd she get all that stuff?" Mystia wondered.

"Knowing her?" Wriggle said. "Probably stole it."

"That I can confirm," Rumia added.

"Huh?"

"Remember that summer I had to…" Rumia coughed, "…'intern' at the Scarlet Devil Mansion's library?"

"Intern?" Mystia said. "They conscripted you because you broke Patchouli's-"

"Anyhow! They never actually let me work with the books, so most of my job was trying to keep Miss Marisa out. She'd show up at least once a week, trying to snatch some of Miss Patchouli's rare books. Plus I hear she likes to shoplift from Mister Rinnosuke's shop, Miss Eirin's clinic, been caught over at Miss Yuuka's mansion a couple of times. The lady's a total klepto!"

Cirno rubbed her jaw as she thought. The wheels in her head were turning, which rarely meant anything good.

"Huh, so that means there's probably some pretty cool stuff in there…" she mused.

They turned their attention back to the scene unfolding inside.

…

At the moment, Alice had just extracted a large book with the keyhole on its cover from under a pile of dirty bloomers.

"Ah, here it is!"

"See, I told you I didn't lose it," Marisa said with a smug smile.

Alice frowned. "You have a very loose definition of the word 'lose'."

"Hey, you found your damned book, all right? Quit your bitchin'."

The doll-master stood to her feet and brushed off her dress. "Sure, found it under your filthy laundry and…" Something glittered in the same pile of laundry that her grimoire had been in, catching her eye. "What's this?"

She pulled away the various scraps of linen and felt to reveal an odd looking chest. It was about half the size of a sailor's chest and made completely out of pale lavender quartz. The lid was cut in a crystalline shape, with four sharp edges slanting inward to support a flat rectangular top. The top itself was cut into a sort of grid shape, with each square containing a letter or number painted in deep scarlet. The chest itself was locked tight, with no keyhole or other visible means of opening.

Marisa came over to peek over her shoulder. "Huh, I completely forgot about that, ze."

Alice prodded the box with her foot. "What's in it?"

"Dunno. Found it as the SDM. I think it's Patchy's."

"You stole this too?" Alice said with a scowl. "How haven't you been arrested?"

The blonde witch turned up her perpetual smirk. "Maybe because I'm just that good!"

…

Alice wasn't the only one interested in the odd chest. Now that there was treasure to be acquired and mischief to be had, excitement was mounting at an alarming rate.

"Now that looks interesting!" Cirno said as she rubbed her hands together. Her eyes began to glitter.

"I've seen boxes like that!" Rumia said. "They're where Miss Patchouli kept all her really valuable stuff, the stuff they wouldn't let me touch!"

Cirno nodded. "It's probably full of jewels and gold! And…other cool stuff!"

"From Patchouli Knowledge?" Mystia said. "It's probably just all her cough medication."

"Maybe it's a really rare book," Daiyousei suggested. "Like a first edition!"

"Or maybe it's porn!" Wriggle cut in.

In the minds of her teammates, that last suggestion trumped all others. "Ooooohhhhh…" they all said in unison.

"That's it, now we have to grab it!" Cirno announced.

"But how do we get in without being noticed?" Mystia wanted to know.

Rumia tapped her lower lip while she thought. "Well, first of all, we need a distraction."

"Hmmm…"

The team of youngsters floated to the ground and leaned against the wall as they pondered the problem before them. Heads were scratched, positions were shifted, and suggestions were cut off before being vocalized. Then, one by one, each head began to turn to stare directly at a single member of the gang. For her part, she was too deep in thought to notice right away. But no one can be stared at for any length of time without sensing it sooner or later. In time, she looked up and did not like what she saw.

"Erm, w-why is everybody staring at me?" Daiyousei asked nervously.

…

Back inside the house, the two magicians were still discussing the box and Marisa's unorthodox and possibly unethical means of acquiring it.

"I swear karma's got such a hard-on for you," Alice muttered. "So…how do you open it? I don't see a keyhole or anything…"

"Ah, its password locked," Marisa said, carelessly waving off the mention of something so mundane as a keyhole. "She does this with all her stuff. Just type in the right phrase on the crystals and pop goes the lid, ze!"

"Great," Alice groaned. "How are we supposed to figure that out?"

"Are you kidding?" Marisa laughed. "She uses the same password for everything. You'd think she'd learn after the fourth or fifth-"

A sudden knock at the door interrupted them. Marisa and Alice exchanged a confused look.

"The hell?" Marisa muttered as she made her way towards the door. "You'd think living in the godsdamned Forest of Magic would keep people away, ze."

She grabbed the door handle and pulled the door open. To her surprise, there was nobody there. She squinted in confusion and looked up, to the left, to the right, and finally down. It was then that she noticed a very nervous looking Daiyousei standing on her porch, looking down at the ground.

"Huh?" Marisa said. "Oh, it's Whatshernamesei, Cirno's friend. What do you want?"

The small ice fairy blushed furiously. She started fidgeting by pressing the tips of her index fingers together over and over as she tried to think of what to say.

"Um…um…um…"

Marisa's already thin patience was evaporating quickly. "Um? Um? Um?" she repeated, making a rolling "Let's move this along" gesture with her hand.

…

Unbeknownst to Marisa and Alice but beknownst to Daiyousei, the rest of the gang slipped in through the window and swooped down towards the crystal chest. Cirno, catching Daiyousei's eye, gave her friend an encouraging wink.

Daiyousei steeled herself and blurted out, "Um…I heard noises!"

Alice scratched her head. "You heard…"

"Noises?" Marisa finished for her.

"Yes!"

Inside, each of Daiyousei's friends gathered to a corner of the chest and, working together, lifted it off the ground. Cirno looked over her shoulder to see a floating Shanghai staring at her. The ice fairy grinned conspiratorially and pressed her finger to her lips. Shanghai mimicked the gesture and watched as the four young pranksters slowly moved the chest towards the window.

Unfortunately, Marisa had begun to pull the door shut.

"Yeah, I would talk to your shrink about that…"

Daiyousei started to panic. Her friends were in the process of trying to fit the chest through the window and would surely be seen. "I mean here!" she shouted. "I heard…crashing and yelling! And I…wanted to see…if everything was okay…"

Marisa blinked. "Huh? Is that it?" She rolled her eyes and allowed herself a luxurious sigh. "Kid, it was nothing, okay? Alice here was just looking for her damned book and making a mess."

Her companion glared daggers at her. "Making a mess?"

"So thanks for the concern," Marisa finished, "but there's nothing to see. Now scram.

"Um…Um…"

Finally her friends turned the chest sideways and got it through. Cirno shot her a thumbs-up and they disappeared into the forest.

Finally. It was time to wrap things up.

"I'm very sorry for intruding!"

Daiyousei bowed low and shot off as fast as her wings would carry her. Startled by her sudden departure, Marisa and Alice stared as she flew over the house and disappeared.

…

"Well, huh," Marisa muttered.

"That was weird," Alice agreed.

Marisa nodded. "Makes me kinda suspicious, you know?"

"How so?"

Marisa turned back into the house, closing the door behind her.

"She's part of Cirno's little gang of idiots," she explained. "Anything that has one of them acting weirder than normal usually means that they're…"

Her eyes fell upon the pile of linen Alice had been digging through.

"…up to…"

The pile of linen that was now conspicuously bereft of a certain lavender quartz box.

Marisa grabbed her head as she screamed, "WHAT? Where's the box, ze?"

Behind her, Alice crossed her arms and smirked. "And that would be the karma I was talking about earlier."

Marisa began to freak out. Her house turned into a virtual whirlwind of motion as she desperately tried to find the chest. Items flew every which way as their master, so previously disproving of Alice's own method of searching, began to toss them aside without heed of where they may fall.

"What…where…it's gotta…" Marisa stopped her search to pump her fists at the roof. "Cirno! It had to be Cirno!"

"You're sure of that?" Alice said.

"Of course I'm sure! Who else would use that little green-haired punk? Ohhh, I just got fooled by Cirno! That little twerp and her stupid friends stole my box!"

"You mean the same box you stole from Patchouli?"

"Shut up! And you!"

Marisa whirled around to jab a finger at the still-hovering Shanghai.

"You backstabbing piece of firewood! Why didn't you try to warn me?" she demanded.

In answer, the doll lifted her finger to her lips and made a shushing sound. Marisa stared at her in disbelief, and then her face began to grow a deep shade of red, edging on purple. Veins throbbed in her forehead and her fists were clenched so tightly that her knuckles conducted a symphony of pops.

For a moment nothing happened. Then a thunderous boom shook the house and rippled outwards to the surrounding forest. The door to Marisa's house slammed open, and she tore out into the air. She was balancing on her broom, with one hand grasping the tip of the handle and the other clenched tightly around a wooden octagon-shaped amulet, which was now beginning to glow a blinding white. Her purple face was twisted into a grimace of rage. Anyone who knew anything about Marisa knew that when she looked like that, everyone in a thirty-mile radius should probably evacuate.

Behind her, Alice wandered out of the house to watch her go.

"Hmmm, should I follow her or should I let her handle it?" she wondered out loud. She turned to her ever-present miniature companion. "What do you think Shanghai?"

Shanghai repeated the shushing gesture.

Alice shrugged. "Good point. None of my business." She took to the air and flew off in the opposite direction. "I wonder what Medicine's doing today?"

…

Successful capers were hard to come by these days. When the overwhelming majority of people worth playing tricks on were either A) smarter than you and B) capable of turning you into a greasy little smear, it meant that the pranksters of Gensokyo often had to be content with targeting the small fry, such as Lily White. Therefore, having successfully pulled the wool over the eyes of the Mad With herself and gotten away to brag about it was cause for celebration.

And celebration was certainly in the air. Cirno's gang jabbered and laughed as they rushed away through the forest, carrying the crystal chest with. Cirno herself was in the lead, with Wriggle and Mystia handling the chest behind her. Daiyousei and Rumia floated in the rear, though Daiyousei looked like she was having trouble holding in her breakfast.

"Woohoo!" Cirno shouted. She pumped her fist in the air. "Mission accomplished!"

"That went even better than I thought it would!" Wriggle added.

"Victory, victory, we have victory!" Mystia sang. Then, in her normal voice, she added, "And nice work Dai! Best distraction ever!

"R-really?"

Rumia flew up to the nervous ice fairy and put on arm around her shoulder.

"Sure!" she said encouragingly. "You did a great job!"

Daiyousei managed a weak smile. "T-th-thanks!"

Cirno grinned. "No doubt about it!" She spun in the air and struck a victory pose. "Another win for Team Ni-"

"MASTER FREAKING SPARK!"

A blazing pillar of white light tore through the gang's flight formation. Caught totally off guard, Cirno and her friends were knocked in every which direction by the force of the blast. The chest itself was knocked free from their grasp and was sent sliding down a dew-slick hillside to crash into a mulberry bush.

Unfortunately there was no time to go after it, nor was anyone even considering it. The arrival of a furious Marisa who's out for your blood will do that to almost anyone. As soon as Cirno managed to pull herself off the ground, every bit of her attention was sucked up by the fearsome sight of the fast approaching witch.

A thousand things went through Cirno's head, none of them fully capable of conveying how the situation made her feel. Her mind went numb, and the only thing she was able to say was, "Oh wow, she looks pissed."

Wriggle was suddenly at her side. "You think?" the firefly screamed. "Scatter!"

A moment later everyone was in the air and fleeing for their lives as the ground beneath them simply ceased to exist. Had they the time to reflect, they would have probably experienced an odd sense of déjà vu, as the situation almost completely mirrored the chase with Lily White. Except this time, there was no laughing. There were no taunts. There were only screams and pleas for mercy.

"WAH! Watch out! You almost hit me!"

"Dammit, that was too close!"

"Oh jeez, oh jeez, not good, not good, not good!"

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry! Ahhh! Please don't kill me!"

"Whoa!" Cirno banked hard to avoid being pasted. The blast intended for her demolished a bed of poppies instead. She growled and whirled to face Marisa. "Okay, that's it! Let's end this!"

For all her faults, Cirno was certainly no coward. She intended to challenge Marisa directly, an action tantamount to suicide in many circles. But this was a matter of reputation and pride. Marisa had assaulted her gang, now she had to pay the price.

Cirno placed herself directly in Marisa's path, her fist raised in defiance. "I'll show you who's the stro-

She never got the chance. A beam of pure white hit her directly in the face and she was propelled backwards through two groves of trees, a patch of overgrown yellow-spotted mushrooms, and a very surprised hive of bees before coming to rest at the roots of an old cedar that was made of sterner stuff than its neighbors.

"Cirno!" Daiyousei cried before having to dive to avoid being shot herself.

"And now for the rest of you!" Marisa shouted.

She flew into the air above the treetops. Her eyes began glowing with gathered energy. Circles of power began forming around her, each one containing an eight-point star. She raised her arms in the air, her fists crackling with lightning.

"NON-DIRECTIONAL LA-"

"Duhduh-duh-duhduh!"

"Huh?"

Surprised, Marisa broke off from charging her spell to see a white bundle of fury coming directly at her.

"Spring power!"

Lily White fired one of her trademark barrages at Marisa. The witch was so taken back that she didn't even think to dodge until she had already been struck. The force of the blast cancelled her spell and knocked her right off the broom.

Above, Lily began ranting. "First that gang of rude jerks and now you? Why can't you people just enjoy spring like you're supposed to?"

Marisa managed to grab the handle of her broom just in time. Holding her hat in one hand, she tried to pull herself back up.

"What? What the hell are you talking about, you stupid flying klaxon alarm?" she shouted back. "I'm trying to…"

It was then that she noticed that Lily's blast had ripped a sizeable tear in her hat's brim.

"…you ripped my hat."

Thunder shook the treetops and Lily was sent flying.

Marisa was now on her broom and furious beyond all reason. Play her for a fool, steal her box, shoot her in the face, all these she could forgive. But never, ever touch her hat!

"YOU RIPPED MY HAT!"

Her rage still burned as brightly as before, but now it was focused on Lily. For her part, Lily did not back down from the challenge, and the two were soon doing everything in their power to eliminate the other. Cirno's friends took advantage of the distraction and hid as the sounds of destruction moved further and further away.

…

For the longest time nobody dared to move. Then, one by one, their heads popped out of their hiding places.

"…Are they gone?" Mystia whispered. True to form, she had taken shelter in the branches of a gnarled old oak.

"I think so," Rumia said. She was in the shadows of a large boulder. Nearby, Wriggle was creeping out of a patch of tall grass.

Mystia sighed in relief. She dropped down to the ground. "That was way too close." This statement was met with agreement.

That was when they heard Daiyousei cry "Cirno!" Wriggle, Mystia and Rumia looked at each other and went to go investigate.

They found Daiyousei over by Cirno's prone body. The blue-haired ice fairy had taken quite a beating. Her clothes were burnt, her skin was now a shade darker, her wings were lined with cracks that were just beginning to heal, and her entire body was covered with a fine layer of ash, dirt and bits of honeycomb. Still, she was alive and awake, though the way her eyes refused to focus was worrisome.

Wriggle whistled between her teeth. "Whoa, she got messed up pretty bad."

Rumia waved a hand in front of Cirno's face. There was no response.

"How's she doing, Dai?" she asked.

Daiyousei shuddered. "I d-don't know. She's p-p-pretty out of it."

Cirno's body suddenly began shaking. "…like a diamond shining in the sky…" she mumbled. Or perhaps wheezed would be more accurate. Her voice sounded like it had been strained through a rusty smokestack.

"Cirno!" Daiyousei cried. She grabbed her leader and began shaking her back and forth. "Snap out of it!"

"Wahwahwahwah!" Cirno wailed as her brain rattled in her skull.

"Dai! That's enough!" Mystia grabbed Daiyousei and forced her to release Cirno. Cirno, for her part, just pitched forward and landed on her face.

There was a groan, and then she muttered, "Why do people keep hitting me in the face?"

Everyone sighed with relief. "Just one of those days," Rumia said.

They all helped her up. Cirno was still a little shaky, but for the most part she looked all right. Annoyed and a bit dazed, but all right.

"Damn it, that hurt!" she complained. "Why'd she do that for?"

"I don't know, maybe because we robbed her," Wriggle said sarcastically.

"Yeah, but she didn't have to take it so freaking personal! I don't go around barbequing everyone who-" Her voice cut off as something horrible occurred to her. She looked around wildly. "Wait, where's the box?" she cried.

"Seriously?" Rumia asked. "After all that?"

Cirno stamped her foot and winced as pain shot up her ankle. "Yes, seriously! I did not just take a Master Spark to the face for nothing!"

The others conceded the point.

"Um, I think we dropped it back there," Mystia said, pointing.

"Fine! Let's go…whoa," Cirno said as she tried to fly, only to begin wobbling immediately.

Her friends tried to convince to slow down a bit, to wait until her wings were fully healed. But now that her mind was latched onto an idea, Cirno would have none of it. Finally, a compromise was struck. Rumia took one arm, Daiyousei the other, and together they helped her through the air.

The chase had taken them a long way from where they had lost the chest, but fortunately the trail was easy to follow. Marisa's rampage had left a clear path of destruction almost a mile wide. They followed the line of craters and smashed trees until they found the hill where they had first been attacked. To their immense relief, Marisa was still occupied with Lily and hadn't returned for her prize. The box lay on its side in the mulberry bush it had landed in, glittering in the mid-morning sun.

Cirno's gang immediately flew down to the bottom of the hill. They set Cirno down carefully at the edge of the bush.

"Whew, it's still here," Rumia breathed. She didn't dare to think of what Cirno's reaction would have been had it been gone.

Mystia agreed. "And it didn't even crack!"

Cirno grinned from ear to ear. This day was starting to look a little brighter. "That settles it!" she declared. "Whatever's inside must be super important!"

"Only one way to find out," Rumia said. As usual, Cirno's enthusiasm was infectious. "C'mon!"

She and Mystia pulled the chest loose and brought it over to the group. They all gathered around their prize and began oohing and ahhing over its shiny surface.

Then Daiyousei said, "So…does anyone know how to open it?"

"Sure, Miss Patchouli had a bunch of things like this," Rumia said. She pointed to the lid. "Just type in the right code on the keyboard and it'll open right up."

"Type on the what?"

"The pretty purple squares," Rumia explained. "Fortunately, Miss Patchouli uses the same code for everything. Now let's see…"

Her hands moved over the keys, typing in an odd sequence of letters and numbers. Everyone held their breath, fearing some sort of security countermeasure to activate should Rumia misremember the password. Instead, there was a click and the lid popped up a tiny bit.

"Yay, it worked!" Cirno whooped "Rumia, I love you!"

Wriggle scratched her head. "2BRNT2B? What the hell does that mean?"

"No clue," Rumia said happily. "Now let's see what sort of treasure she has stashed…"

She pushed the lid open. Everyone edged in closer to look.

"…inside?"

"Ew, what is that?" Mystia asked, sticking out her tongue.

Wriggle just blinked. "Well, that's bizarre."

"What?" Cirno said. "All that for a giant booger?"

That was certainly what it looked like. The entire interior of the chest was taken up by what at first appeared to be a glistening bubble, but the way it moved showed it to be some sort of thick blob. Its substance was composed of a completely clear jelly-like substance, and the slightest movement caused shivers to ripple over its mass.

Cirno and her gang couldn't decide whether or not they were disappointed. Certainly this thing was interesting, but it didn't appear to be worth invoking the wrath of Marisa. At any rate, their opinions of Patchouli Knowledge's personal habits were taking a sharp decline.

Then Daiyousei pointed and called out, "L-look!"

"Huh?"

The blob thing, whatever it was, had started to move. Its surface shivered, and a long tendril extruded from the main body.

"Ah!" everyone cried as they leapt away.

"It's alive!" Mystia screamed as she backed away.

"Oh wow, that is so wrong," Wriggle agreed.

"Wh-what is t-t-t-that?" Daiyousei stuttered.

Unfortunately, the appendage had apparently sensed them. It shot out on the direction of their voices. Startled, they all dove out of the way, but Rumia's foot caught on a stone and she fell. She turned to see the appendage hovering only a few inches from her face. Her eyes went wide and her body began trembling.

The others had no idea what to do. They certainly weren't going to leave Rumia on her own, but none of them wanted to chance shooting the thing. For all they knew they would just make it angry.

"This is not good," Wriggle muttered. "So what now, boss?"

Cirno stared at the tentacle-like appendage and shook her head. She was out of ideas.

Suddenly Daiyousei called out, "Watch out Rumia!"

The tentacle now seemed to be inspecting Rumia's body. It hovered a mere inch from her skin as it ran up and down her torso. Although it didn't seem possible, it appeared to be sniffing her. Rumia set her teeth and closed her eyes tightly.

Then it poked her.

Rumia's eyes shot open. "Wha-?"

The tentacle began to tickle her. It dug into her side and dug in. She squirmed and tried to push it away, but it just dug in deeper.

"Huh, wha…hey, stop!" Rumia said. She started laughing. "Come on, knock it off!"

That only seemed to encourage it. Soon she was on the ground, laughing hysterically while trying to get away. The others could only stand and stare at what had to be the weirdest thing they had seen in their weird lives.

"So…" Mystia began, "it's friendly?"

Cirno shrugged. "It looks like it…"

"Wonderful," Wriggle said. She folded her arms. "Just what I always wanted, a pet booger."

Daiyousei shushed her. "Careful! You don't want to make it angry."

For its part, the tentacle didn't even notice them. It definitely seemed to have taken a liking to Rumia though. Finally, it stopped tickling her and began staring at her again.

This time, Rumia smiled back. "Hey, you're a nice little pile of weirdness, aren't you?" She rubbed the body beneath the tip, giving it a friendly squeeze. "You are, aren't you? Yes you are."

The tentacle's surface shook slightly. To everyone watching, it almost looked like it was giggling.

Then the tip began changing. It expanded and reshaped itself. Soon Rumia found herself staring at what appeared to be the smiling face of a young girl with short hair. It winked at her.

She blinked in confusion. "Hey, what…"

The face collapsed back into a normal tip again. Then it slithered down to envelop her hand in its viscous substance.

"Hey, what's this all about?" Rumia asked. She wasn't sure if she liked what her new friend was doing.

Suddenly it lunged forward, dragging the rest of its body out of the chest. Before she knew it, Rumia's arm was completely covered.

"Hey, what is this?" she shouted. She tried to claw it off with her other hand, but it wouldn't budge. "Get off, get off!"

The rest of the team was at her side in seconds. Wriggle and Mystia tried clawing the thing off her arm while Cirno beat it with a stick.

"Let! Go! Of! My! Friend!" she shouted. "Let! Go! Of! My! Friend! Let! Go! Of! My! Friend!"

Unfortunately there was no such luck. Instead of disengaging, the tentacle only began slither over more of her body. Soon Rumia's entire chest was covered.

"Get it off me, get it off me!" she cried as she tried to get away.

"We're trying!" Wriggle said. "This stuff is tougher than it looks!"

"All right, I've had ENOUGH!" Cirno shouted.

At that last word, her hands suddenly blazed with white light and a blast of freezing mist shot out from her. When the mist cleared, the entire lump of goo was frozen solid.

Cirno grinned and put her hands on her hips. "There!" she declared triumphantly.

Rumia tried to move. Unfortunately, she was just as immobilized as the blob was. "Um, that didn't help much…" she began.

That's when cracks starting forming in the ice. Little ones at first, but they spider-webbed outwards, joining one another until the surface of the ice looked like some kind of crazy patchwork. Then the ice broke apart into small pieces that were slowly sucked into the goo's body to disappear completely.

Everyone was in shock. "It ate the ice? Mystia said.

"Kill it, kill it!" Cirno shouted.

They certainly tried. Bullets of every kind shot from their hands to impact against the blob's body. But instead of exploding, they just stuck there until the thing looked like a giant, writhing pincushion. Then, just as the fragments of ice had been, they too were absorbed.

"It's not working!" Daiyousei cried as she fired off another shot.

"Thank you, Captain Obvious!" Wriggle shouted back.

By now, Rumia was almost completely covered, leaving only her head. She cried and gasped and tried to escape, but nothing she did had any effect. Tears were streaming down her cheeks and her cries for help were now little more than whimpers.

"Please don't let it eat me," she sobbed pitifully. "Oh gods, please don't let it eat me."

"Hold on Rumia, we got you!" Wriggle shouted. She turned to the ice fairy hovering over her shoulder. "Dai!"

"Huh?"

"Make yourself useful and go get help!"

"B-but where-"

"Anywhere!" Then a thought occurred to her. "Reimu, get Reimu! Go!"

Daiyousei nodded and shot off as fast as her wings could carry her.

Meanwhile the others continued to try to release Rumia from the blob's hold, but it was now obvious that it was hopeless. Only her face was uncovered, and that was rapidly being sucked in as well. "No…please no, please no…" she whined, and then had to shut her mouth as the goo oozed over her last bit of free flesh.

Rumia was now completely inside the thing. Cirno, Wriggle and Mystia stared and she kicked and struggled to break free.

"Rumia!" Mystia cried. She slashed as the blob with her talons. It caved in to her assault, and then bounced back out, knocking her back a step.

Cirno began pounding on the blob's surface. "Let go of her already, you giant pile of…huh?"

That was when Rumia began to dissolve. It started with her clothing, which blurred and distorted. At first they thought it was due to being refracted through the blob's substance, but then they started to tear apart and disappear. Just as quickly the tips of her digits and hair began to fade away like smoke. The process sped up as her skin melted away, revealing the muscles and ligaments beneath. These too evaporated into nothingness.

"WHAT?" Wriggle shrieked as she leapt away. "What is this?"

Mystia's body began trembling, but she couldn't tear her eyes away. "Oh my gods," she whispered as Rumia's digestive system came into full view. "Tell me this isn't…"

Cirno didn't say anything. She just turned and vomited out everything she had eaten in the last ten hours. Then she looked again and retched out everything from five hours before that.

Rumia was now nothing more than a small lump of meat and bone. It turned and swirled in the blob's body like a boiling egg, fizz surrounding it like so much steam. It shrunk until it was about the size of a small coin, then a postage stamp. And then, with one final sizzle, nothing.

"She's gone…" Mystia whispered. She had gone completely pale.

They stared at the blob in shock. Never had it occurred to them that they would lose one of their number. Being young, foolish and immortal, they had thought that their days of mischief making would continue for eternity. Even when their plans blew up in their faces, there was no question that they would always bounce back in time for the next caper.

But now Rumia was gone. It didn't make any sense.

As for the blob, it sat in a glistening lump. If it had any idea of what it had done, it gave no indication. Well, that it, until the surface began shivering again. Than three more tendrils shot out of its body and snapped at Rumia's friends.

"Ack!" Wriggle yelled as they dove out of the way. "It's after us now!"

Mystia snapped out her stupor. She screamed, a piercing sound with perfect pitch that could have shattered glass. With that she took to the air, flying blindly in her desperation to get away.

"I won't be eaten, I won't be eaten, I won't be eaten…" she chanted over and over again.

"Wait!" Cirno shouted after her. "What about Rumia?"

The goo lunged for her again. Fortunately, Wriggle pulled her out of the way just in time.

"C'mon, she's right!" Wriggle said, pulling on Cirno's arm. "We gotta get out of here!"

"But I can't leave Rumia!"

"You won't help her by getting eaten too!" Wriggle responded. She pointed at Mystia, who was now a distant spot in the sky. "We need to go and get help, understand? This isn't something you can do on your own!"

Cirno's eyes filled with tears, but she stiffened her lip and nodded once.

"Right. Let's go," she said. Anymore and her voice would have cracked.

Wriggle nodded in return and her into the air. They flew forward, heading for Hakurei and trying not to look back. But nothing would stop the glittering tears that dripped from Cirno's face to crystallize into snowflakes as they fell.

…

The blob was now left to itself, though it didn't know it yet. It sat where it was while its many tendrils roamed the surrounding area, searching for any indication of its prey. Two of them brushed against the now-empty box that had been its prison, only to retract quickly as if they had been burned.

Once it was satisfied that it was alone, the tendrils all returned to the main body. Than it began to shiver again. This time, however, the shivering didn't stop. It increased in intensity, until the whole thing was shaking violently like a lump of jello in an earthquake.

And then it began to change. Most of its mass was sucked into itself and was sent out again in four limp tendrils. Another lump bubbled up at one end, while the body below it writhed and thinned itself out. Digits extended from all four of the tendrils, which were now smoothing themselves out into humanlike limbs. The lump began to take shape, forming a nose, cheeks, lips and other facial features. A mass of tendrils erupted out of its end and smoothed themselves out into something resembling hair.

Meanwhile, a darkness began forming at the thing's core. As it continued to reform itself, the darkness swam through the body, gobbling up the clearness of the substance.

And the transformation was complete. Where a lump of transparent goo had been, a body that superficially resembled Rumia now lay. It had the same features, the same body-type, and the same dress. However, the entirety of its body was pitch black. Its fingers ended in tearing talons. Wisps of darkness danced liked smoke danced over the surface of its body. And the ribbon Rumia always wore in her hair was gone.

One gnarled hand twitched, and the wisps of darkness shot out and twisted into the shape of a wickedly curved sword.

Then, clutching its new weapon, the thing that wore Rumia's shape lurched to its feet. It turned its head to the sky and opened its eyes.

Two blazing spheres of fire stared at the world around it.

Then it rose into the air and headed away from the Forest of Magic, its sword held limply in one hand. Grass and flowers wilted beneath its shadow, but it paid them no heed. Now that it was free, it had business elsewhere. Hopefully those it intended to see would be just as glad to see it as it was going to be to see them. 
Deep Within

Is this what dying feels like?

…falling…falling through darkness. Eyes opened or closed, it's all the same. I guess I should be happy. I like darkness. Darkness is my element, my comfort. But it's never felt so cold, so empty.

What happened to me? Did I just get eaten? Did that blob just swallow me whole? It sure felt like it. Like my body was tearing itself apart from the outside in. I should have asked Mystia what it was like for her when she got eaten. She came back. Does that mean I'll come back too? But how?

This must be what dying feels like. Endlessly falling through darkness. I may like darkness, but I don't want to be stuck in it by myself. I don't want to be alone forever!

Falling through…wait. Something's not right. There's something out there. There's something…no, someone nearby.

I am not alone.

Rumia opened her eyes.

…

It was a slow morning at Hakurei shrine. This is to say, it was exactly like every other day. Despite its importance to Gensokyo as a whole, the shrine didn't see much in the way of visitors. One would think that guarding the actual gate between Gensokyo and the Outside World would inspire more in the way of reverence, but for the most part people went out of their way to avoid it entirely. Or was the close proximity to the Outside World the reason for the lack of visitors? Either way, it meant that the shrine's single shrine maiden, Reimu Hakurei, had a lot of downtime on her hands.

At the moment, she was killing time with three of the shrine's only regular visitors. Unfortunately, they weren't the donating types. This was to be expected, as a youkai, a ghost and an oni couldn't be counted on to be particularly reverent. Still, if they were always going to be hanging around bugging her, couldn't they drop the odd tip in her donation box every now and then? Well, at least the oni helped her around the shrine every once in awhile, and the ghost was practically one of the shrine's patron deities by now, so the shrine couldn't expect anything coming from her. No excuses for the youkai though, and she remained forever oblivious to Reimu's constant hints that she really should be supporting her favorite hangout more.

Still, she had grown more-or-less accustomed to having them around. The four of them were lounging around the storehouse's porch. The oni had produced a pack of cards from…somewhere, and they were now glaring at one another while clutching their hands tightly.

It was the youkai's turn, though she was taking her time. Sometimes she would choose a card, seize it between her thumb and index finger, only to reject it and go back to frowning at her hand.

Reimu's hands drummed out an impatient rhythm on the porch's wooden railing. "Yukari, you've been taking three times longer than the rest of us. Just pick a damned card already!"

"Shush you," Yukari responded. "Some things are not to be ruuuuaahhhh…" That final word dissolved into a cavernous yawn.

The ghost, a girl with green hair and a blue outfit, was reclining on the porch's steps. "Long night Yukari? Or should I say, long winter?"

"You can shut up too," Yukari grumbled. "And I would still be asleep if it weren't for that damned spring fairy. Woke me up with her idiotic announcements, and then something set her off and she went crazier than usual and wouldn't stop yelling. Drove me nuts. Mima, you got any threes?"

"Go fish," the ghost said.

Yukari selected one of the cards sitting in the pile between them, looked at it and smiled. She put down a pair of threes.

"Lucky bitch," Mima grumbled.

Yukari smiled sweetly at her. Then, to Reimu, she said "Okay, your turn."

Reimu nodded and looked at her hand. It wasn't very encouraging. Seven cards, none of them related. Plus, she had the least amount of pairs at the moment. "I heard someone was trying to shoot her down," she said as she started playing mental eenie-meenie-miny-moe. "That's what upset her."

"Remilia again?" Yukari asked.

"I don't think so. It was by the Forest of Magic, a good ways from the SDM. Suika, got any fives?"

The short oni was staring intently at her cards. Almost too intently. Of course, given the amount of alcohol in her system, she was probably having trouble making out the numbers. Then again, her pile of pairs was the largest. Reimu wasn't exactly sure how.

"Uhhh…" Suika said in a slow tone, slurring slightly. She shook her horned head. "Uh-uh."

Reimu picked up a card, grimaced when she saw that it was useless, and nodded to Suika to take her turn.

While they waited for the oni to make up her mind, Mima said, "It was probably Marisa then. Good for her. About time someone shot that flying ball of nonsense down. Suika, are you going to go or are you trying to burn a hole through those cards with your eyes?"

"I'm thinking!" Suika snapped. "Okay Yukari. You got any…sevens?"

Yukari blinked. Then she scowled and flipped a card over to her. Suika snatched it out of the air and started cackling.

"Okay, seriously," Yukari said. "You have got to be cheating. No way is anyone that lucky.

Suika stuck out her tongue. "I'm not cheating!" she announced. "I'm just that good!"

"This is embarrassing," Mima grumbled. "Reimu, you got any ni-"

"REIMU!"

"Huh?

Everyone's head snapped in the direction of the interrupting call. Reimu's eyes widened when she saw the green-and-blue blur approaching faster than anything had a right to. Before she could react, it slammed right into her chest and they both were sent careening into the storehouse. From there, everything was a rolling confusion of cardboard, cloth and wicker until they landed in a messy heap against the far wall.

Back outside, her companions watched with detached interest, as if seeing Reimu being tackled by surprise fairies out of nowhere were a daily thing. "Well, now she's got one," Yukari muttered to Mima.

Inside, Reimu groaned and tried to put herself back together. She pushed a basket off her head, a basket that had, not five seconds ago, been filled with apples. Said apples were now scattered all over the floor. And the culprit was now sitting on her chest and staring at her with panicked eyes.

"Reimu, you gotta help her!" Daiyousei shouted at the shrine maiden. "We got the box away from Marisa, and Marisa started chasing us! Only, she didn't get us, because Lily stopped her. Except, Lily probably thought she was us, so never mind! And then Rumia opened it up! The box I mean! She didn't know it was bad, she thought it was porn! But it wasn't porn, it was a giant booger! And Rumia thought it was a nice booger, because it started tickling her! But then it turned into a face and-"

"Kid," Reimu said, nice and slow. "You have exactly three seconds to get off me before I turn your wings into wind chimes."

Daiyousei stiffened. "Yipe!" she yelped as she bolted out the door and hid behind one of the porch's columns.

Grumbling to herself, Reimu pulled herself to her feet and surveyed the damage. Well, it could be worse. Just a bunch of boxes and baskets knocked over. She could deal with it later. But for now, there was a certain aerial torpedo she needed to deal with.

"All right Daibooya or whatever your name is," she said as she exited the storehouse. "What the hell was that all about? And it better be damned good."

The small fairy cowered. "Um…well…"

"REIMU!"

Reimu looked up to see a tan blur fast approaching. She had just enough time to say "Oh crap" before she was once again knocked back into the storehouse.

Yukari snickered. "Now she has two!" she said to Mima. "It's your lucky day!"

In the storehouse, Reimu once again found herself sprawled among fallen containers with one of Cirno's annoying friends sitting on her chest.

"It ate her!" Mystia shouted at Reimu's face. "It ate her, Reimu! And it tried to eat us too-"

"GET OFF OF ME OR I'M GETTING OUT THE BARBEQUE!"

"Ack!"

Mystia fled the storehouse to hide behind Daiyousei. Reimu pulled herself to her feet, took a deep breath, and started forward.

"All right," she said in a low growl. "That is it. Now Reimu needs to choke a couple of-Oh, you have got to be kidding me."

"REIMU!"

Fortunately, this time Reimu had the presence of mind to duck as not one, but two blurs sped towards her. They missed her entirely and crashed together against the storehouse's far end.

Yukari said, "And now she has-"

"Shut up," Mima snapped.

Suika scratched her head. "Reimu, you didn't tell us you were having a party."

"Oh yes," Reimu said in a calm steady voice. She walked into the storehouse. Inside, Cirno and Wriggle Nightbug were just coming to their senses. "An Idiot Stomping Party, everyone's invited."

With that, she grabbed the nearly senseless fairy and youkai by their collars, hauled them out of the storeroom, and hurled them at their friends. With a cry of alarm, Daiyousei and Mystia tried to dodge, but Mima chose that moment to appear behind them. With a sadistic grin, she shoved them back in time for them to be struck by the incoming missiles.

Reimu watched dispassionately as Gensokyo's most notorious pranksters tried to straighten themselves out. She had, on more than one occasion, being inconvenienced by those four. Whether individually or as a whole group, their presence always meant her day was going to get a little more annoying.

She waited until she had their attention. "Okay Gensokyo's Most Unwanted, I'm confused, I'm angry, and I'm armed. So whatever problems you have-"

Terrified by her threat, her unwanted guests all began talking at once. Cirno kept going on about how it wasn't their fault, Daiyousei wouldn't shut up about a carnivorous ball of snot, Mystia was prophesying their impending doom of devourment, and Wriggle kept trying to get the others to be quiet and let her handle it. Taken together, Reimu learned absolutely nothing of importance.

She listened as long as she could stand, which was about seven seconds. "Shut up!" she screeched.

They shut up.

Reimu sighed and eyed each of the idiots individually. No, too nervous, too freaked, too stupid… She pointed at the last one. "You! Bug!"

Wriggle stood up straighter. "M-me?" she stuttered.

"Yes, you! Tell me what the hell is going on and make it understandable!"

Wriggle told her.

Reimu and her friends stared at her.

"So…" Reimu began. "You guys stole a box from Marisa…"

"Yes."

"…and inside was a…giant gooey bubble thing…"

"Uh-huh."

"…and it ate your friend Rumia?"

Reimu exchanged a look with her friends and they all sighed. Well, all except for Suika, who seemed utterly fascinated and completely confused.

"That's it; this has officially become too stupid. I'm leaving before I lose anymore IQ points," Yukari muttered.

"I don't know, I think it's kind of cute," Mima smirked. "In a really pathetic sort of way."

"Which might be catching," Yukari pointed out. With a wave of her hand, she ripped open a tear in the fabric of reality. Staring eyes peered from within, and for whatever reason, the top and bottom of the tear was decorated with a deep purple bow. Nobody was bothered by this. They had long become accustomed to Yukari's "ways".

"It's true, I swear!" Cirno protested as Yukari took a step through the tear.

The border-watching youkai paused. She raised one elegant eyebrow at the small fairy. "Really now?" she said, irony dripping from every word. "Just like you once 'swore' that all the paint in the human village had come alive and was drinking all the sake?"

Suika's head whipped around in Yukari's direction. "Wait, it did?" She was ignored.

"Um…" Cirno said.

"Or how about the time you 'swore' that the Forest of Magic was flooded with blue honey?" Reimu added.

Suika's eyes boggled. "It was?"

"But that was Wriggle's idea!" Cirno said, pointing at the firefly in question.

"Hey!"

Mima calmly examined her incorporeal but somehow perfectly manicured nails. "And wasn't there that one time where you were convinced that a bunch of flowers appearing out of nowhere meant it was time for everyone to get down and party?"

"Now that I remember!" Suika said with a grin.

"Hey, I wasn't lying!" Cirno protested. "I was just…confused is all!"

"But that's the point!" Reimu said. "You guys aren't exactly the most reliable sources of information. So why should we trust you?"

Cirno looked like she was about to start tearing her hair out in frustration. "But this time I'm serious, I swear! I swear by Santa Claus himself!"

"P-please Reimu," Daiyousei begged. "She's our friend!"

Reimu sighed. She wondered exactly how much ofuda it would take to rid her of these pests. "This would be the same Rumia who tried to eat me that one time, yes? Even if she were in trouble, I'm not really seeing a whole lot of reasons to go help her."

"Wait."

Everybody's eyes turned to Yukari. The elder youkai had reemerged from her portal and was looking at the four mischief-makers with a thoughtful look on her face.

"This friend of yours…Rumia, was it?"

"Yes!" Cirno said, happy that someone was finally taking them seriously. "She's in big time trouble and really needs-"

"Yes, I know," Yukari said. "But refresh my memory: she would be the darkness youkai that often wanders the shore of the Misty Lake, correct? Likes to surround herself in a bubble of shadows and has an unfortunate habit of running into trees?"

"Yes! That's her!"

"And does she wear a red-and-white ribbon in her hair at all times?"

"The one she can't touch, don't know why?" Wriggle asked. "Yep, that's her!"

"I see," Yukari mused. She appeared to ponder this for a moment long. Then she stepped out of the rift she had created and closed it again.

"Reimu, I think you should go with them."

"Uh, say what now?" the shrine maiden said in disbelief.

Yukari smiled at her. It was not a nice smile, but then it never was. "Well, look at it this way. If they are indeed telling the truth you have the opportunity to prevent another unfortunate incident from occurring. But if they're lying, all you stand to lose is a few hours of wasted time, and let's be honest: you weren't doing much anyway."

"Oh, that's all, huh?" Reimu's finger swung around to point accusingly at Cirno's gang. "The last time I listened to them, I ended up hanging upside-down in the Scarlet Devil Mansion's courtyard covered in noodles!"

Cirno and the more daring members of her gang cracked a smile at the memory.

"You got them back," Yukari pointed out.

Cirno and every other member of her gang winced at the memory.

"So? Doesn't mean I want to do something that stupid again."

"Oh, come now," Yukari said as she playfully ruffled Reimu's hair. The shrine maiden bristled under hand, but she didn't move away. "I'll come with you and make sure these naughty ruffians don't hurt my sweet little Reimu."

"You're asking for a Fantasy Seal to the mouth, you know that?"

"Mmmm, sounds like fun."

Reimu sighed and pushed Yukari's hand away. "Okay, fine. Just stop…flirting with me." She eyed the green-haired ghost who was watching everything with evident amusement. "What about you, Mima? Wanna join this pointlessness?"

"Eh, might as well," Mima shrugged. "Been meaning to check up on my little Marisa anyway. I guess this is as good a time as any."

"Can I come too?" Suika asked. "I wanna help stop the blue paint-drinking sake giant and save all the honey!"

"Wait, no. Suika, that's not-" Reimu cut herself off and sighed. "Yeah, sure. Come along."

"Hooray!" the little oni cheered. She took a celebratory swig from the gourd of sake she always carried. "Lesh go!" she slurred.

…

Deep Within

The position Rumia found herself in was both alien and strangely familiar.

The best she could figure, she was floating through a pitch black void. Absolute nothingness stretched in every direction, with not even a star to break the darkness. And yet, despite her natural affinity with darkness, her body was emitting a faint yellow glow. That was odd. Also, her clothing was completely gone, leaving her naked to the emptiness. That was embarrassing. And her arms were stretched out to either side, fingers spread, with her legs pointing straight down. Considering that that this was a pose she had been fond of adopting ever since she was told about its religious significance to the outside world, that was both funny and slightly ironic, especially since she now seemed to be stuck that way. As hard as she tried, every part of her body other than her head refused to respond to her commands.

Unfortunately, she didn't have the luxury to further examine the weirdness of her surroundings, as there was something else demanding her attention. As she had thought, she was not alone in the nothingness. Another girl floated nearby. She was sitting in the fetal position, with her knees drawn up under her chin and her arms wrapped around her legs. She had straw-colored hair that just brushed her shoulders, a round face with blue eyes, and if she straightened her limbs she would stand just a little taller than Rumia. Like Rumia, she wore no clothes and had a halo of light surrounding her body, though hers was pure white and about three times brighter. Unlike Rumia, she didn't seem to have a problem moving her limbs. Now that was just unfair.

Rumia recognized her, at least her face. It was the same face the tentacle had shaped itself into before devouring her whole. All things considered, her presence here didn't exactly fill Rumia with optimism.

But the girl was at least happy to see her. As soon as she saw Rumia trying to move, she squealed "Rumia! You're awake!" and lunged forward to wrap her arms around Rumia's body.

"I'm so happy you're here!" the strange girl gushed as she pressed herself uncomfortably close. "See, I was worried you might not make it here okay, 'cause I've made mistakes in the past and well, it's been awhile. But hey, it's all okay, right?"

Given the circumstance, Rumia did the only thing any rational person would do in such a situation. She started screaming.

…

Empty. The box was empty.

Marisa stood stock-still, broom clasped in one white-knuckled hand, staring. The chest was still there, whatever it had once held was not. Which meant that Cirno's gang had somehow managed to get it open. Which meant they had it now. And on top of that, they had gotten away.

Which meant they had won.

Marisa wasn't angry. Her anger had been spent chasing those idiots earlier and during her fight with Lily White, whom she had left lying dazed in a smoldering crater. She just felt cold. And that was fine. She did her best work when she felt cold.

Had her moment of self-reflection continued uninterrupted, she might have eventually succumbed to a round of maniacal laughter. But interrupted she was, as her attention focused on eight distant figures traveling towards her through the sky. And when she saw who they were, a wide, sadistic grin spread over her face. This promised to be very interesting.

Before they could spot her, Marisa hid herself in a nearby tree. And, just to make sure, she muttered a word under her breath. A slight tingle ran over her skin, and her body faded to transparency. Satisfied that she was now for the most part undetectable, she watched the new arrivals through the branches as they touched down near the box.

Surprise, surprise, Cirno and her friends had returned, and this time they had brought reinforcements. Poor Reimu. Marisa wondered exactly what kind of bull they had spun to get her to come along with them this time. One would think that after the incident with the noodles she would stop listening to them all together. Suika's presence was somewhat of an oddity, but explainable. The oni would eat rocks if you dressed them up right.

Yukari though, that was a puzzler. The youkai rarely involved herself such events, and there was no lost love between her and Cirno. Marisa couldn't help but wonder if Yukari's presence meant that the ice fairy and her friends had gotten themselves into some kind of trouble, of the punishable variety. Well, more trouble at least.

But perhaps the strangest visitor to the forest would be Mima. The presence of her old master frankly bothered Marisa. Not that she was displeased to see her. Mima was one of the only beings in Gensokyo that Marisa harbored any sort of genuine respect for. And as a result, having her become involved in this dispute was troubling.

Still, given Mima and Yukari's personalities, Marisa doubted that they would take offense to her intentions. Keeping an eye on the group, she pulled out her hakkero and hid it in her grasp. Between her fingers, it began to glow. Now she just had to wait for the perfect opportunity to present itself.

Cirno seemed to be worked up about something. "See? See!" she shouted, pointing frantically at the opened chest. "There it is, just like we said! I told you we weren't lying!"

Reimu looked at the chest with a dubious expression on her face. "Okay, there's a box, sure," she said. "But I don't see a blob."

"It must have left after we did," said the firefly, Wiggle something or another.

Marisa frowned and leaned in closer. A blob of what? Some kind of weird security system Patchouli had wired into the chest? If so, then maybe letting those stupid kids open the box first had been for the best.

That one green-haired fairy, the one whose name Marisa could never remember, seemed agitated about something. Well, okay, so she always looked agitated, but the way she kept bobbing up in the air only to come back down again while constantly glancing in every direction made it look like she was being hunted. Marisa grinned. Good, she at least hadn't forgotten whose woods she was in.

"Um, g-g-guys?" the fairy said. "M-maybe we'd better be c-c-careful. It ate Rumia, so maybe it's just waiting around to eat us too."

What.

"Quite the voracious eater, this thing is," Mima muttered. The ghost floated over to the empty chest and inspected it with evident interest. "At this rate, it must have devoured half the forest by now."

Little Mystia stamped her foot in frustration. "We're serious!" she cried. "It ate all the bullets we shot at it, including Cirno's ice!"

What.

"Mebbe it's a friend of the Blue Giant Paint!" Suika said as she began to happily wander around in a circle. "And they drank all the sake noodles!"

What!

"About as likely as anything it seems-" Mima suddenly cut herself off. She lifted her head from her inspection of the chest and started looking in every direction. Then she stared straight at Marisa.

Oh. Right. She would be able to sense the young witch. After all, she had been the one who taught Marisa that hiding spell in the first place.

Fortunately, her former master didn't seem inclined to blow her cover. Instead, she just shot Marisa a friendly smile and a half-wave, as if finding a transparent Marisa spying on people from the trees were an everyday occurrence.

Marisa glanced nervously at Reimu and Yukari, hoping they hadn't noticed the exchange. Fortunately, Reimu was too busy arguing with Cirno about the validity of this blob thing (whatever in the holy farting hell that was) while Yukari's attention was taken up by a trail of dead grass. Marisa looked back at Mima and brought her finger to her lips.

Mima frowned and spread her hands in a "What are you doing?" gesture.

Marisa motioned at Cirno and hefted her hakkero, which was now humming with energy.

Mima's eyes widened in realization. She shot a glance over to Reimu and pointed at her with her thumb.

Marisa shook her head.

Mima nodded. She floated over to Reimu and said, "Say Reimu, take a look at this box. I think our culprit may have left some trace behind. Oh, and kids? Would you mind standing about…three feet over there?"

"Huh?" Cirno said. "What for?"

"Because your combined energies are interfering my detection spells."

"Oh! Sorry."

Mima glanced at Marisa with a smug "How's that?" smirk on her face. Marisa grinned and shot her mentor a thumbs-up. With a grace learned from years of living in these woods, Marisa dropped from the tree and strolled over to where Cirno and her friends were milling about. When she got about ten feet away she solidified herself and said in her most causal voice "Hey guys. How's it going? Master Spark."

Things seemed to happen in slow motion. Glorious, immensely satisfying slow motion. Their heads automatically turned in the direction of the voice. There was a brief moment of horrified realization, no more than maybe one second, when they saw exactly who had just arrived. And then their world exploded into white light and tumbling bodies.

Marisa smiled as she surveyed the trench of scorched earth that now slashed its way to the hill's summit. Her targets were now smoking, senseless, and draped carelessly over the branches of the old pine that resided at the top of the hill. She nodded in satisfaction. It took way too damned long, but at the end, a job well done.

"Feel better?" Mima asked. Her arms were folded over her breast and a half-smirk of amusement crawled its way up her face. Behind her, a shocked Reimu was staring in incomprehension and Suika was laughing so hard that the hysterics had her rolling on the grass. Yukari took no notice at all.

With a nod Marisa said, "I do now. Thank you, Master."

Mima shook her head and sighed. "Marisa, you're not my minion anymore. When are you going to stop calling me that?"

"When you stop deserving it, Master." That got a laugh.

For her part, Reimu was far from amused. "Wha-Marisa?" she squeaked. "Who, big laser, not there and…Where did you come from?"

"Rinnosuke's shop. Haven't you heard? I'm sold in six-packs, ze."

"What!"

"Actually, that was going to be my line," Marisa said. She tossed her hakkero from one hand to the other. "What's all this nonsense about a hungry blob I've been hearing?"

"We were actually hoping you could tell us," Mima said. "Those kids you just smoked showed up at Hakurei shrine about half an hour ago, babbling about finding a large mass of something in that box over there" the elder ghost nodded in the chest's direction "that apparently devoured one of their number. According to them, they acquired that box from you."

"They did, huh?" Marisa felt an annoyed tic become active in her eyelid. "Did they mention the part where they stole that box right out of my house, ze?"

"Yeah, they did," Reimu scowled. "They also said you blew up half the forest chasing after them. Looks like they were right." She shook her head. "Godsdamn it, Marisa, this isn't your forest to just destroy whenever something pisses you off!"

Marisa waved off the shrine maiden's complaints. "Oh, chillax Reddie. It's more mine than it is yours, ze. 'Sides, it'll grow back by tomorrow. It always does."

"That's not the point!"

"Who cares? It's not like you haven't caused wanton amounts of destruction before." Marisa shoved Reimu aside as she marched back to the chest. "Move it, Armpits."

Reimu growled and grabbed Marisa by her collar. She whirled the witch around to face her. "What did you just say?"

In answer, Marisa matched Reimu stare-for-stare and shoved herself up against the shrine maiden. "I've had a pissy day, so let me make this clear. Get out of my way…bitch."

Reimu's face went blank. Then she held up a single card. There was a flicker of motion around her fingers, and suddenly that one card became eight. The air around her shivered and her two yin-yang orbs materialized into view. They began revolving around their master. Marisa grinned at the challenge. Holding her hakkero between her thumb and two primary fingers, she held it up in plain view.

"So you wanna play too, is that it Reddie?" As she spoke, the hakkero began to blaze with violent energies. Two icy blue blues formed and began dancing around the fingers of her other hand. "Bring it on. I'm tired of wasting small fry and wouldn't mind-"

Suddenly both the shrine maiden and the witch felt long, cold fingers wrapping around the backs of their necks. The owner of those hands shoved, and there was a loud crack as the top of their heads collided. A moment later the two combatants were on the ground nursing a throbbing bump apiece.

"Owww!" Marisa complained as pain bit its way through her head. "Godsdamn it, that hurt!"

Reimu agreed. "Yukari, why the hell did you do that for?"

Yukari stood over the two, arms folded in annoyance. "As much fun as it would be to watch you two beat the snot out of each other, we have bigger concerns than your egos."

"Wow Yukari, bigger than watching them throw down?" Mima said. She pressed her hands to her face in mock horror. "Say it ain't so!" Yukari apparently chose not to dignify that comment with a response.

"You didn't have to do that though," Reimu grumbled as she straightened up, wincing at every movement.

"You'll live. Now, if the two of you are done comparing the sizes of your dicks, there's something you need to see."

"We don't have-"

Yukari silenced them with a look.

She led them over to a spot a little way up the hill. There, Suika was sitting at the beginning of the trail of dead foliage Yukari had been inspecting her.

"They're all dead," the tipsy oni announced. "Right downa to the roots!"

"Yes, I feared as much," Yukari sighed.

"This better be worth knocking our heads together, ze," Marisa hissed. She flinched as another lance shot through her head.

"Oh, it is," Yukari said. "Tell me: do either of you know anything about Rumia's history?"

Reimu and Marisa exchanged a look. They both shrugged. Mima, however, seemed troubled. She rubbed her jaw as she searched the recesses of her cavernous memory. She apparently found what she was looking for, because her eyes suddenly widened in realization.

"Wait, are you saying she got rid of the ribbon?" she said. That got Marisa's attention. She didn't know what Rumia's ribbon had to do with anything, but the small sliver of concern that edged Mima's words was as good as outright panic in anyone else.

"I don't know just yet," Yukari said. She scuffed the dead grass with her foot. "But far too many things are adding up."

"You mean about that blob thing? Reimu asked. "So that isn't complete bull?"

Yukari shook her head. "Still have no idea about that one, but that's not what I was talking about. You see, I also once encountered Rumia, a good fifty-seven years before any of you. And she was much, much different than how she is now."

Marisa stared at her with an incredulous look on her face. "Um, yeah. I know you ancient youkai like being cryptic and all, but what say you tell us what the hell you're talking about?"

"That…might take awhile, but I'll do the best I can," Yukari said. "But in the meantime, let's just say if I'm right, the next few days are going to be very, very busy.

They all stared at her. For her part, Yukari was gazing down the dead trail. It twisted and looped around various obstacles, but maintained a southward bearing, out of the Forest of Magic and towards the Bamboo Forest.

And Eientei.

…

Deep Within

It had been nearly half an hour since Rumia had first awoken to find herself in the literal middle of nowhere, sharing the space with a strange glowing girl. And she still had not calmed down.

Though honestly, who could blame her?

The glowing girl winced as another barrage of demands, verbal abuse and vulgarities assaulted her. "Rumia, please stop yelling. It hurts!"

Another incomprehensible string of syllables blew past her.

"Rumia, please! I'm trying to concentrate here…Okay, seriously, stop it. I can't understand you if you talk that fast…please be quiet…I…don't think…SHUT UP!"

Rumia complied. Not because she was intimidated or due to being interested in opening a channel of communication, but because her mouth had ceased to exist. Sound still bubbled up from her throat, but with no means of escape it was reduced to nothing more than a series of muffled squeaks.

"Sorry I had to do that," the girl said, making it sound sincere. "But it's been a long time since I've controlled a body, and I need to concentrate. So I'm willing to answer any questions you have. You just gotta promise me you won't start screaming again, 'kay? Calm question, straight answer."

"Eeeee?"

"Yes, I promise. Scout's honor." The girl held her right hand, three middle fingers extended, thumb bent over pinky.

"Eeeee!"

"No, I'm not going to hurt you. Believe me, I just want to be your friend."

"…eee…?"

"Yes, seriously! Do you have any idea how long I've…" The girl broke off. She took a shaky breath (of what?) and said. "Okay, I'm gonna give you your mouth back. Remember, no screaming, 'kay?"

Numb with fear, Rumia managed a nod.

Suddenly there was the bizarre feeling of skin parting without pain, a sliding, almost tingling sensation. Rumia gasped and panted in relief.

"Better?" the girl asked. She was now kneeling, though the lack of a level floor meant that she and Rumia were still eye-level.

Rumia nodded. Then she managed to get out, "W-w-where…where are…"

"Inside me."

Rumia's eyes boggled.

"Sorry, I said that wrong," the girl said. She frowned and started hitting her head with the palm of her hand. "C'mon Rin, do better! You can explain this…Okay, listen. You're not really in a place. Your body isn't a real body, it's sort of a…a make-believe, a construct. A familiar shape your mind took to help it cope. So you're not actually seeing or talking or breathing for that matter, it's just the way your mind is interpreting the sensations it's experiencing." Then she brightened. "Okay, think of it as a dream body in a really, really realistic dream. It's not real, but it feels like it is, and all of your consciousness is focused in that body. And it's in my dream, not yours. And it's really happening, which would kinda discount the whole 'not real' part. Also, you're actually awake right now, and so am I, so…Wow, that metaphor broke down really fast."

A small whimpering noise trickled out of Rumia's mouth.

"Okay, it's like you're your ghost, only you're not dead. Mental ghost, soul, mind, whatever. It's inside my mind and this is how our, um, talking, conversation, line of communication is being translated."

Rumia's head lolled back and forth. She felt a minor aneurysm forming. "And my body…"

"Oh, it's fine," the girl said brightly. "It just got broken down to its base particles and was absorbed into the material of my being. It's safe and sound, promise."

Rumia tried to shiver but found that it only occurred from the neck up. This was just getting weird. "And how do you know who I am? Did you read it from my mind or something?"

"Yep. And I'm using your power, too."

"What?"

The girl seemed a little embarrassed. "Um, sorry about doing it without asking, but you were unconscious and I needed to leave before anyone found me. But anyway, I sorta combined your body with mine to create a wholly new body that looks kinda like you, and I'm using it to get around."

She waved a hand, and a rip formed in the blackness beyond her. Rumia gasped as the rip expanded, forming a screen that had to be a good thirty feet tall and another forty across. Within, Rumia could see what appeared to be the dirt and shrubs of the old Night Road, just south of the Forest of Magic, passing below at high speed. Again, there was an odd sense of familiarity, as this was a road Rumia had flown over many times herself. However, everything seemed to be viewed through a filter of red, as if they were peering through a scarlet lens. Rumia wasn't sure what that meant and frankly, she wasn't sure if she wanted to.

"Anyway, right now we're only a few minutes away from the Bamboo Forest. That's where we're going," the girl added, as if it were necessary.

Rumia stared. "Uh, wh-what's in the Bamboo Forest?"

"Old friends." A wistful smile spread across the girl's face. "Very old friends."

Rumia shook her head. Despite the girl's promise of straight answers she still hadn't learned much of use. "Look, whatever it is you…What is this place? What happened to me, what did you…Who are you?"

"Oh!" The girl exclaimed, her mouth perfectly forming the "O" shape. "Sorry, I forgot you can't…well, you know…anyway, my name is Rin. Rin Satsuki. And don't worry, we're going to have plenty of time to get to know each other. I guarantee it."
…can't always be looking out for you…

…you did a great job…

…ou hear me? Dai, can yo…

…that was pitiful…

A movement. A twitch and she edged a little closer to consciousness. Not enough though. Darkness still flooded her mind, and distant-sounding voices kept talking to her, though never at each other. It was confusing.

…ster Spark…

…she's still not waking up…

…c'mon, I believe in…

…no one expects us to be gods…

"Dai!"

Finally one of the voices shouted loud enough to fully seize Daiyousei's attention and drag her from the depths of her mind. She opened her eyes just a crack, squinting at the shadows hanging over her. It was too bright to make anything out and the light hurt her eyes.

"Wha…happen…" she managed to mumble through swollen lips.

"Oh, thank the gods, she's awake," one of the voices said. It sounded like Mystia.

"Good, I was starting to get worried," said another voice, Wriggle's this time. The shadow that most resembled the firefly pushed its way to the front. "Hey Dai, you okay? C'mon, say something!"

Daiyousei tried to push the remaining fragments of fuzziness from her mind, a task that was much more difficult than it sounds. It felt like someone had hit her in the face with a sledgehammer and then dropped a house on her for good measure.

Slowly and painfully, Daiyousei pulled herself to a sitting position. Mystia and Wriggle helped the best they could, but every movement still made her body throb. "Wh-" she started to say, but it was swallowed up by a fit of coughing.

"Whoa, easy there," Wriggle said, lightly slapping her back. "Take it slow."

Daiyousei nodded. When she could talk, she croaked, "What happened?"

"Marisa," Mystia said. "She got us all."

Now that her vision was starting to clear, Daiyousei could see that her friends weren't in the best shape themselves. Both of their clothes were torn and singed, Wriggle was sporting a nasty black eye, Mystia's right arm was resting in a makeshift sling and her wings were missing a few feathers.

"W-wait…M-Marisa…?"

"Yeah, don't you remember?" Wriggle said. "She snuck up on us when we were showing Reimu Hakurei and the rest where Rumia got eaten."

Daiyousei struggled to remember. Everything seemed so…distant. Little fragments drifted in and out of her memory, slowly piecing themselves into larger clumps. These in turn stuck together to form…

The chase through the woods.

The chest's horrifying contents.

Rumia's useless attempts to free herself.

Running to Reimu for help.

And then, Marisa had appeared out of nowhere…

Oh yeah. Master Spark.

It was the first time Daiyousei had actually gotten hit with the infamous spell. Certainly she had run afoul of Marisa on a couple of occasions, but the young witch had never unleashed her ace in the hole on her before. Now Daiyousei understood why people preferred to avoid upsetting Marisa unnecessarily.

Then she noticed something out of place. "Wait," she said with a cough. "W-where's Cirno?"

"She woke up before the rest of us did," Wriggle explained. "After me and Mysty were up, she left us to go look for Reimu and the rest."

"Huh? But she's already been knocked out twice today! How'd she get up so fast?"

Mystia shrugged. "We figure she's just used to it. Who else would shake off a Master Spark that fast?"

Good point. "So…where is Reimu?"

Another shrug. "Cirno said they were gone when she woke up. Marisa probably told them it was all stupid and that they should go home."

Daiyousei's shoulders slumped. "B-but what about Rumia?" she asked, her voice cracking at the mention of their absent friend.

"Don't worry, we'll figure out a way to get her back," Mystia said reassuringly. "Don't give up on her yet."

Daiyousei wasn't so reassured. Though they had managed to make some crazy plans work in the past, she had a feeling that they were in over their heads with this one.

The fairy pulled her legs up and wrapped her arms around her scratched and bruised knees. She looked out at the countryside around them. They were still at the top of the hill, with that stupid box glittering near the bottom, almost smug in its exposure. It was now midday, and the sun nearly reaching its zenith. Somehow, Daiyousei found the knowledge depressing. Had all that madness only occurred within a few hours' time?

Despite the balminess of the day, Daiyousei began shivering. It started with a slow tremble but eventually her whole body was shaking so hard her teeth began rattling. She tried to stop but found that she had no control over it.

Her friends of course took notice. Thankfully they said nothing. They just sat on either side and wrapped their arms around her. Daiyousei appreciated the gesture. She closed her eyes and leaned her head on Mystia's shoulder. Right now she would take all the comfort she could get, and there was no doubt they felt the same.

The three of them sat together in the shade of the old tree, waiting for their leader to return.

…

As it would turn out, Cirno was not the only person on the hunt. Reimu and co. had not returned home as thought by Mystia, but were busy tracking whatever it was that had escaped from the box. Unfortunately, they were discovering that following a trail of withered grass and flowers only worked in areas that actually had grass and flowers. Once they reached areas that had more dirt than foliage, things slowed down considerably.

Surprisingly, the one who proved to have the most aptitude for picking up the trail was Suika. Just when it looked like they had lost it again, she would spot a patch of weeds or a clump of leaves displaying the same signs of decay that the grass had. It also helped that the trail remained more-or-less pointed southward. Still, it was slow going, and many members of the party were getting impatient.

As they continued through a grove of orange trees, Reimu took the opportunity to ask Yukari some questions.

"So," she said as she hovered closer to the ancient youkai. "You wanna tell me what this is all about?"

Yukari frowned in annoyance, but she said, "If I must. It's just hard to think of where to begin…Let's see, you first met Rumia back during Remilia Scarlet's red mist incident, correct?"

"Yeah, she tried to eat me and Marisa. We messed her up for it. So what?"

"Well, I also had a little encounter with the same girl, only this was long before you were born. Your mother was about your age, maybe a little older, and was the current shrine maiden of Hakurei Shrine."

Reimu shot her an odd look. "You know, one of these days you're going to have to tell me exactly how you knew my parents."

"Perhaps," Yukari said, casually waving off Reimu's probing. "But that can wait. Right now, all you need to understand that when I met Rumia, she was much, much different from the silly prankster you know her as."

"Different? How so?"

"She was a life destroying abomination."

Reimu nearly ran into an orange tree. She managed to recover just in time. "Say what?"

"Just what I said. Rumia is, or at least was, one of the deadliest youkai ever to wander Gensokyo." A faraway look grew in Yukari's eyes. "We never did figure out where she came from. It seemed like she had climbed out of Hell itself. Maybe she had. But whatever her origins, she was bound and determined to burn Gensokyo to the ground."

Reimu didn't say anything. She knew Yukari well enough to know that she wasn't pulling one of her jokes, but to picture silly little Rumia as some sort of harbinger of the apocalypse nearly caused her imagination to hemorrhage. So she remained silent and allowed Yukari to continue.

"At any rate, there was a good chance she might have done it too. Fortunately, your mother and I got wind of it before things got out of hand and put a stop to it."

"Oh. Well, good."

Yukari smiled at her. There was no warmth in the expression. "It wasn't a simple matter. We got to her before she could do too much damage, but she wasn't one to go down easy."

"Really? How so?"

The origin of the question was Marisa, who had been pretending not to listen to the story but had taken the opportunity to enter the conversation. Mima floated a little ways beyond her, listening but not taking part. All of this she knew already.

Yukari shook her head. "Rumia's power, the Rumia you know, is darkness. For her, it is a simple absence of light, an ability so ineffective it ends up blinding the silly girl as well. But the power of the Rumia I knew went much deeper. She was the antithesis of life itself. Lower life such as plants and small insects simply died by being in her presence. She could stop a heartbeat of a weaker person with a touch. The stronger could resist for a time, your mother and I being the prime example, but it was…

…horrifying to behold. The Shadow Youkai knelt among the skeleton of the small human outpost, dried blood on her rosy lips and gore coating her pale curving talons and the black blade of the twisted sword she carried. Around her, the ash of the wreckage continued to burn, despite having little in the way of fuel left.

Everything was dead. The humans, their youkai and fairy allies, the local animal life, and a fair portion of the surrounding forest. Anything that hadn't been ripped to pieces by the Shadow Youkai herself had shriveled up in her shadow. Even the stones themselves were cracked and splattered with blood. Above, the sun was blocked by dark clouds that rolled and billowed over one another as silent lightning cut its way through the sky, never enough to actually illuminate the place but enough reveal short glimpses of the carnage beneath.

Yukari stood at the far end of the outpost, staring. It was at times like this she wished that her night-vision was not so good. When the Hakurei shrine maiden had first alerted her about the danger, Yukari's response was to laugh in her face. But now…

The shrine maiden herself stood to Yukari's right. Despite her young age, she didn't seem fazed by the devastation around her. She just looked…tired. Tired and grim.

"Now?" she said. "Now do you believe me?"

Yukari didn't respond. The Shadow Youkai had noticed them. The monster rose to her feet, tattered dress fluttering in a cold wind that had started blowing as her ruby red eyes focused on the two newcomers. Her grip on the sword tightened, and her bloodstained lips parted in a smile.

Yukari and the shrine maiden readied themselves to meet the Shadow Youkai's attack. And not a moment too soon, because within moments it was flying through the air, howling in delight at having found more victims, the blade of its sword coming down on them…

…unpleasant, very unpleasant." Yukari said. "Still, we managed to beat her in the end. After that, we sealed off her powers and erased her memories. She was harmless after that.

Reimu frowned. "Uh, harmless? Excuse me, I'm no big fan of executions, but wouldn't it have been best to just kill her?"

"I'm with Reddie on this one," Marisa put in. "Something that crazy dangerous shouldn't be allowed to run around, mind-wipe or no."

"And yet," Mima said without emotion, "we let you roam free."

Marisa winced. "Hey, waitaminute! I may be a little nuts, but I'm not genocidal, ze! Even Remilia knows that people like Flandre shouldn't be set loose, and this Rumia sounds way worse than psycho-vamp."

"I agree," Yukari said. "In fact, I insisted we do just that. Unfortunately, that proved to be problematic."

"How so?" Reimu asked.

"Well, for one she turned out to be incredibly hard to kill. She wasn't a complete immortal like the Moon Princess or her pyromaniac of a rival, but she was still pretty close. For another, we discovered that even if we did manage to destroy her, all the life she had absorbed would be released in a manner that could be best described as…Well, let's just say it would be enough to turn the Forest of Magic into a desert of glass."

Marisa whistled.

"Indeed," Yukari said. "At one point we considered dumping her in Makai, but Shinki would hear none of it, further lending credence to my 'Having crawled out of Hell' theory. We also tried draining her of her power, but that just made a mess. A great big, steaming mess that had me picking dead skin from five different people out of my hair for a week."

"And that would be when you came to me, correct?" Mima said.

Marisa's head swiveled in the direction of her former mentor. "Say what? Wait Mistress, you're telling me you were a part of this?"

Mima smiled at her. "Dear, I know it pains you to entertain the thought, but I did have a life before you came around. This was just one of the many incidents I was involved in. Didn't want to be, given I wasn't exactly on speaking terms with the Hakurei family at the time, but Yukari managed to convince me it was in my best interests to help remove the soul-scarring affront to all that is good and holy."

"Indeed," Yukari said. "With her help, we were able to work out a way to seal her more deadly powers where she couldn't access them, and at the same time reset her memory, wiping away the bloodthirsty killer we had encountered. It wasn't quite as perfect as sending her to oblivion, but it was the next best thing."

Reimu was having several thousand different thoughts and feelings rushing through her head, and little way to decide on a specific one. She chose one of the most prominent. "Bu…wait, why did you never tell me about this?"

"Because you didn't-"

"Okay, stop. If you say 'You didn't ask', I swear I'm going to kill you."

"Very well."

There was a moment of silence during which they emerged from the orange grove and into a meadow. The trail became easy to pick out again and they quickened their pace.

Then Reimu got annoyed. "Well?"

"Well what?"

"Why didn't you tell me?"

Yukari shot her a long look. "You told me not to say 'You didn't ask'. I was simply complying with your request."

"Oh, come on! That can't be the only reason."

"But it is. Like Mima said, as nasty as that incident was, it was far from the first crisis I had to deal with, nor was it the last. And it was dealt with before it became especially memorable, at least in comparison to some of the other messes I've had to clean up. If I were to take the time to detail every battle I've had to fight in my life, I would still be telling it to your great-grandchildren without having reached the halfway mark."

"Then why didn't my mom ever tell me?"

"The same. She had her share of problems she had to fix, and on the whole, this one only took a few days. After that, she had the thing with the guy with the killing notebook, then that mind-controlling revolutionary, and then yet another genocidal girl, this one with invisible arms, and the list goes on. Even you've had your fair share of incidents, and you're not even twenty years old."

"I told Marisa," Mima said.

Marisa once again turned to stare. "Wait, you did?"

"Certainly. It was during our lessons about magic seals. I told you the story about the life destroying youkai and how I found a way to partition off a portion of her powers using a simple hair-ribbon as an amulet."

"Oh yeah, but you didn't tell me it was-"

"Wait!" Reimu snapped her fingers in front of her nose. She turned to Yukari. "Is that why you asked Cirno about her ribbon?"

"Indeed. The ribbon was the spell's anchor. It had an enchantment that prevented her or anyone else from touching it. It seems something managed to bypass it though."

"A ribbon?" Reimu asked, incredulous. "Seriously?"

"Don't knock it, child," Mima said reprovingly. "That ribbon was much sturdier than it appeared. If something did manage to remove it, than it must be formidable indeed."

"Terrain is a-changing!" Suika suddenly shouted, drawing everyone's attention. She drank deeply from her gourd, burped, and announced, "Bamboo Forest is dead ahead!"

"Wonderful," Marisa groused. "How are we supposed to find someone in there?"

Yukari looked thoughtful. "You know, we may have an advantage. If I recall, Ran and Chen are at Eientei right now. I could call them and have them start searching the area from the other end."

"Really? What are they doing there?"

"Eh, Chen needs her shots," Yukari shrugged. "Hang on a second."

She pulled a small, flat box from…somewhere, and began pressing the bumps that adorned one side. With that, she held it to her ear.

"Yes, Ran," she said, seemingly to the air. "Yes. Fantastic. Listen, we have a problem here. No, actually. We're pursuing a rogue youkai who seems to have fled to the Bamboo Woods. As soon as you can, I want you to take Chen and began sweeping the area from your end. We'll be entering from other end and catch her in the middle. Rumia of the Darkness. Indeed. It seems the Shadow Youkai is back. If you see her, do not engage unless you have no other choice. Inform me immediately, and we'll be there as quickly as possible. Not yet, but signs do point in that direction. Fortunately, I'm bringing a lot of firepower with me. Find her, tell me, and fall back until we arrive. Understood? Understood? Good." She pressed one of the bumps and returned the box to wherever it was she kept it.

Marisa stared. "I have got to get me one of those."

"As soon as Verizon opens up shop in Gensokyo, you can. Now, shall we begin?"

"Sure," Reimu said. "Another question though: if this version of Rumia is really so badass, doesn't chasing her seem a bit…stupid?"

"Don't forget your mother and I were able to handle her on our own," Yukari pointed out. "And like I told Ran, we're bringing considerably more firepower with us this time."

Reimu looked from one of her companions to the other. Yukari was easily one the oldest, if not the oldest, beings in Gensokyo. As such, she had several centuries of experience at her disposal, not to mention an incredible amount of power. And despite her youth, Reimu came from a family specially bred for exterminating threats such as this, in which she was extraordinarily talented. Then there was Marisa, who had numerous spells that leaned toward wanton destruction with no reservation at firing early and often. There was also Mima, who also was very old and had taught Marisa everything she knew while retaining a good portion of that knowledge for herself. And that wasn't even getting to Suika, whose preferred method of bypassing mountains was punching straight through them with her bare fists. And even then, there was the possibility of Ran and Chen coming to their assistance as well, and neither of them were exactly slouches in the combat department. All taken together, this response bordered on overkill.

Reimu conceded Yukari's point.

"Okay, fine," she said. "But one more question, for curiosity's sake."

Yukari sighed. "Very well. What is it?"

"Exactly what kind of shots is Chen getting?"

"Rabies."

There was a bark of hoarse laughter. Yukari turned to frown at Marisa, who was laughing so hard she was having trouble staying on her broom. But before she could reprimand the witch, the box she had used to contact Ran began to sing.

…

Deep Within

Despite the promise of straight answers, Rumia had learned relatively little about her new companion, Rin Satsuki. It wasn't for a lack of trying though. It seemed that every time Rin tried to explain something, her words would become confused and jumbled up, with about two or three different metaphors mixing together and creating an absolute mess.

Still, Rumia had managed to learn a few things. First, Rin had originally been a youkai of the Kirin variety. Rumia didn't know much about the Kirin, but she was reasonably sure they didn't consist of transparent lumps of goo that delight in swallowing innocent girls just to talk nonsense at them.

This brought her to the second bit of important information.

"Seriously?" Rumia said. "Someone made you this way?"

"Uh-huh," Rin said. She was sitting cross-legged, her back to Rumia, and was watching the huge red-tinted screen that was supposed to represent her new body's viewpoint. "It felt weird too. You ever been to the beach and accidentally step on a cucumber? Not the veggie-kind that kappa eat, the animal kind? And it's all squishy and disgusting but you still feel bad for stepping on it because it didn't do anything to you?"

"Is that what it felt like?"

"No, I was just thinking that that's what it would probably be like for someone who steps on me. No, for me it was just…weird. All melty. Like literally."

Rumia's head (or metaphorical construct of a head, she was still trying to get used to the whole avatar of consciousness idea) swam as she tried to comprehend what that must have been like. The closest comparison she could come up with was when she had literally dissolved away inside of Rin' gelatinous body. That had been akin to being skinned alive by acid. She wasn't sure if she wanted a detailed description of Rin's experience, though the vengeful side of her found some satisfaction in the idea.

She quickly moved away from that train of thought. "So is that where we're going? Did someone in the Bamboo Forest change you?"

"Huh? Oh, no." It was still awkward talking to Rin. Beyond the absolute strangeness of their surroundings, lack of garments, and the fact that Rin had, for all intents and purposes, eaten her alive not three hours ago, Rin just didn't seem like she was paying attention. It could be that controlling her new body required a great amount of concentration, or maybe being locked up in a box for who knows how long didn't do much for one's social skills, but despite her previous enthusiasm at finally having someone to share her space with, Rin was treating Rumia more like a passenger than a new friend: she was certainly welcoming, but spoke with her out of obligation than an actual desire to interact.

Then again, taking Rumia's entire life story directly out of her head did mean conversations would be a little one-sided.

Rin continued, "No, it wasn't them, the people that…the ones we're going to see. But it was a little bit kinda sorta their idea, you know? I mean not the blob thing, that wasn't their idea. I don't think it was anyone's idea. Just something that went wrong. Happens I guess. But the whole experiment was their idea."

"Experiment? What experiment?"

"The one that made me like this."

This was getting frustrating. "But what was the experiment for? What was it trying to do? And who is 'they' anyway, and what did-"

"Hold that thought, 'kay?" They were approaching a particularly thick cluster of bamboo shoots. Rumia expected them to simply go around, but then Rin hunched over, the muscles in her back tensing up. An arm and the attached hand drifted into view on the screen, and it was all Rumia could do to keep from screaming. It looked like someone had constructed it from the very substance of midnight itself. The entire appendage was pitch black, with smoky tendrils dancing along the edges and leaving clinging wisps whenever it moved. But the worst part was the digits, which weren't so much fingers as they were claws. No, not claws, talons. Curving instruments, long, thin, sharp and cruel. Their purpose was obvious.

Was that supposed to be her? Rumia felt a chill sweep through her astral body at the thought of what the rest of the thing must look like. She knew she didn't have the best reputation, but she never thought she would be used to create a monster.

Then her stomach lurched. From the palm of the horrid hand shot a twisting cone of darkness, apparently from the same substance that the hand was made of. It struck the bamboo cluster and immediately the shoots turned black and wilted like so many wet noodles. Seeing how Rumia had been hit with a bamboo shoot on more than one occasion and knew firsthand how hard they could be, the ease in which they were corrupted made her break out into cold sweat.

They continued their journey through where the cluster had been. "Sorry Rumia, you said something?" Rin said, unconcerned at what had just been revealed.

Rumia shook her head. "Ne…never mind."

"Hmmm." Rin shrugged. "Okay. Anyway, you ever been to Eientei before?"

Rumia shook her head. She knew of it of course. Everyone did, especially after that incident of the never-ending night, but she had never actually gone to visit.

"Oh. Well, that's where we're going. Used to work there, actually. Got some unfinished business that I need to take care." She nodded slowly, speaking more to herself than Rumia. "Long time unfinished. Needs some resolution, you know? Otherwise, what are we left with?"

…

For the first day of spring, it had been an unusually slow day at Hourai Clinic. On most days, there would be a steady stream of humans, youkai, fairies and other creatures, all bringing with them any number of bizarre ailments. But today there had just been one catgirl in need of shots and one really beat up fairy. All in all, things were getting boring.

Thump-thump-thump-thump-thump-thump

Tewi sat behind the receptionist's desk, trying to amuse herself with a ball-and-paddle. She had previously had a set of throwing darts, but Eirin had taken those away. She stared balefully at the empty waiting room. The clinic was a relatively new addition to Eientei, constructed after Kaguya Houraisan and her subjects had gone public. They had the option of importing building materials from outside the Bamboo Forest but in the end Kaguya decided to reduce the cost by using what was already available. As such, the clinic was almost entirely constructed from bamboo. Split bamboo stalks formed the walls and ceiling, while smoothed down and polished bamboo tiles made up the floor. Even the furniture was made from crisscrossing bamboo slats. Fortunately, cushions had been provided for the patients' use, even if Tewi thought their lime-green color to be the absolute ugliest thing she had ever seen.

Thump-thump-thump-thump-thump-thump

Still, despite the simplicity of the building material, great lengths had been taken to make the place as modern as possible, especially by the standards set by the Outside World. Eirin was weird like that. To that end, mostly with Yukari's help, three fans swung round and round from the ceiling and the paper-paneled doors had been rigged to automatically slide open as soon as approaching movement was detected. Pictures of generic landscapes hung from the walls, potted plants were placed here and there, and horribly outdated magazines from nobody really knew where sat on the chairs and tables. All in all, when combined with the bamboo, it made for an interesting looking room. However, Tewi had ceased to be impressed by it years ago. Her ball-and-paddle was losing its appeal, and if something didn't happen soon she would develop an uncontrollable twitch, one that often resulted in her doing something that would get her yelled at.

Thump-thump-thump-thump-thump-thump- thump-thumpthumpthumpthumpthump!

Then she heard the sound of the doors sliding open. Tewi sighed in relief. Hopefully this was the start of a busier day. She put the ball-and-paddle away and put on her best Helpful Receptionist smile.

"Hi, welcome to Hourai Clinic!" she said cheerfully. "How can we help…um…you?"

A nightmare stood in the doorway. It was like someone had taken the smoke from a forest fire and somehow made a girl out of it, like a shadow had come to life and abandoned its master. A humanoid shape of twisting darkness and ripping talons. And that wasn't even mentioning the fact that it held the scariest looking sword Tewi had ever seen in her life. It looked like a saber combined with an entire set of kitchen knives and meat hooks and then spray-painted black for good measure.

But the thing's most striking feature was its eyes. Twin globes of fire, smoldering red set against the sooty black of its face. Tewi had seen things with glowing red eyes before and knew enough that they never showed up just because they wanted to be your friend. Except for Reisen, but she didn't count. Most of the others tended to be a bit…aggressive.

And yet, while one would expect the eyes of such a being to convey emotions such as rage, cruelty and a desire to rip innocent young rabbits limb from limb, this one's eyes just looked curious. It turned its head from side-to-side, surveying the room as if it were just there to do a property appraisal. For some reason, that just made it more frightening.

Tewi wasn't scared however. One didn't last long in Gensokyo by being intimidated by every soul-scarring abomination with a nasty weapon that waltzed in through the front door. Nope, not scared all. Cautious maybe. That slight trembling around her calves? That was just her body preparing her for possible action in case things got nasty. But who was to say they will? Gensokyo was home to such creatures as ghosts, demons and vampires, and most of them were more-or-less benevolent. Maybe this new arrival was a new patient who was just looking into getting a sprained ankle fixed and would be perfectly pleasant…

The thing turned to look at her.

Oh. Shit.

It didn't so much walk up to the front desk as it floated. Tewi couldn't help but notice that the sunflowers sitting in the pot on the desk turned brown and shriveled up as it drew near. So did every other plant in the room. But Tewi wasn't afraid. Maybe it had been infected with some sort of plant-killing disease and its love of botany had driven it to seek help here before more of its leafy friends suffered.

But that didn't explain why her throat suddenly felt like she had been inhaling the smoke of a thousand burning corpses.

Tewi straightened in her chair as the thing stood before. "H-h-hi!" she squeaked. "C-c-c-can I h-help you?"

The thing cocked its head. There was an indeterminate amount of time in which nothing was said, and then, speaking in a voice that sound like cinder-blocks been dragged against the floor from the other end of a very long, very dark tunnel, it said, "Eirin. I need…to speak…Eirin. Please."

Tewi laughed nervously. Being nervous was okay, right? It wasn't the same as being scared. "Well, um, I-I-I'm s-sorry, but D-Doctor Yagokoro is seeing other patients now! B-but if w-w-want to c-come b-b-b-b-back later I'll be happy to-"

The thing placed a single hand on the top of the desk. The polished bamboo directly under its touch wasted away to sawdust. Tewi sucked her teeth.

"Now," it said firmly. "I…need to…see her…now."

Tewi nodded enthusiastically. At that moment nothing sounded more reasonable. Of course the new patient would want to see the doctor in person! Eirin was probably done with the catgirl by now and would have plenty of time to meet with the thing. It was only natural.

"Of course! Stay right there, and I'll…and I'll…"

With that Tewi leapt from her seat and ran to Eirin's office. No sense in dawdling. Nothing would be accomplished in just sitting around. Plus her legs desperately needed to be stretched and oh gods don't let it follow me she prayed. As she ran, she became aware of a loud pounding noise. It sounded almost like her ball-and-paddle. But she had left that at her desk. Why was she hearing it now?

Thump-thump-thump-thump-thump-thump

It was then that she realized that the sound was the beating of her heart.

Thump-thump-thump-thump-thump-thump

…

Deep Within

Rumia stared as she watched as Tewi fled on Rin's giant red-tinted screen. In all honesty she couldn't blame the rabbit. In fact she was somewhat envious. Her life would have been so much simpler right now if she had possessed the presence of mind to run when the blob had first taken interest in her.

"Wonder what's up with her?" Rin wondered out loud. She shrugged. "Oh well."

Rumia declined pointing out the obvious. "So, uh, you used to work here?" she said instead.

"Mmmm-hmmm. As a nurse. Lived here too. Place looked different though."

"Is that so."

"Yep. Didn't have this big bamboo hospital, just a little infirmary in the mansion."

"Ah…Um, exactly what are you planning?"

"Oh, you know. Talk. Catch up with my old boss. She how she's doing, how the clinic's working out for her. Find out why she never cured me like she promised and abandoned me to eternal loneliness. That sort of thing." The view suddenly shifted as Rin directed her new body to wander over to the various chairs set out for waiting patients. Then it shifted again and lowered. It took Rumia a second to realize that Rin was sitting down.

Rumia shook her head as she tried to think. Come on Rumia, you can figure this out, she told herself. There's got to be a way to get a message out without Rin knowing. Some way of regaining control.

But what good was making plans when your captor could literally read your mind? Rumia shot a nervous glance at the captor in question. For her part, Rin did seem like she had heard her thoughts of escape. Maybe the mind-reading thing wasn't constant and Rin only did it when she wanted to find something out? If so, than Rumia might have a chance. Might.

"Hey Rumia?"

Rumia sucked in a sharp intake of breath (at least, that's what it felt like). "Y-yes?" she said, trying to sound as casual as possible.

Rin gestured to the screen. From the looks of things, she was reading one of the magazines.

"What's all this about Princess Kaguya falling in love with Fujiwara no Mokou? Because when I got locked up they hated each other."

…

At that moment, Eirin had her hands full with her current patient. The procedure itself was uncomplicated: just a simple prick of the skin with the needle and then pressing down on the injector. Five seconds, tops. However, the difficult part was getting the patient to just sit still already!

Fortunately, having treated Chen in the past, Eirin was well prepared for the task at hand. The two-tailed catgirl was strapped to the swivel chair in the center of the operating room. Handcuffs bound her arms to the armrests and her legs to the foot rest. Several yards of bandages had been converted into makeshift rope, reinforcing the arm restraints and tying her body to the chair's back. A ball-gag covered her mouth and a blindfold was tied securely over her eyes. Eirin's assistant Reisen had remarked upon its resemblance to a BDSM scene. Reisen was now holding an icepack to her head as a result of her comment.

Normally the operating room wouldn't be used for something as simple as given someone their shots. But considering the frenzy Chen had been in even before she had come in through the front doors, Eirin decided to take advantage of the greater amount of equipment the room offered. Indeed, it had taken the help of Ran, Reisen and two other rabbits to restrain the frantic catgirl, wrestle her into the chair and secure her. Band-Aids and lollipops had then been distributed all around.

At least her other patient hadn't offered her any trouble. The spring fairy, one Lily White, had arrived earlier in a state of complete disarray. She had been talking too fast to be understandable, but once she mentioned the words "angry" and "Marisa", she had been granted immediate access to a special emergency room they had reserved for such an occurrence. According to Tewi, once the Mad Witch had learned that Hourai Clinic had an entire room nicknamed "Marisa's Dumping Grounds" she had sent the staff flowers and a thank-you note for thinking of her. Fortunately, Lily wasn't hurt too bad, just very banged up and dealing with the aftereffects of a Master Spark. She was now resting comfortably and would be ready to leave by evening.

Eirin could only wish Chen were so easy to deal with. Honestly, it was just one shot. She had suffered worse in all the fights she tended to pick. Eirin grunted in annoyance as she finally snapped the final handcuff into place. "There we go," she muttered, more to herself than anything. "Finally."

Behind her, Ran slumped with relief. "I'm sorry about all this, Eirin. She's normally much better behaved."

Chen's head turned in the direction of her mentor's voice. "MMMPPHHH!" she hissed angrily.

"Well, getting a rabies shot can be frightening," Eirin said, even if she did agree that Chen had overreacted. "Reisen, could you prepare the syringes please?"

"Huh? Oh, okay." The moon rabbit put the icepack down and walked over to the counter. From one of the cabinets she extracted two bottles and from one of the drawers, two syringes. She placed the nose of each needle in one of the bottles and pulled back on the injectors. Then she tapped out the bubbles and handed them to Reisen.

Ran blinked as Eirin inspected the syringes' contents. "What's the second one for?"

"Knockout drug. We will have to release her eventually you know."

Ran stared at her. "Wait, you have a tranquilizer and you didn't think to use it before she covered us with scratches?"

"An injection is an injection. Would you have wanted to stick this in her when she was perched on your head and clawing your ears?"

Chen stiffened in the chair. Then she began pulling at her bonds, thrashing and wailing incomprehensibly.

Eirin groaned. "Oh for heaven's sake…Reisen, hold her still!"

Her assistant looked dubiously at the catgirl. Foam was starting to form around the gag and drip down her chin. "Um, are you sure-"

"Just do it already."

Careful to keep any vulnerable body parts away from Chen's claws, Reisen grabbed the catgirl from behind and did her best to hold her steady. Eirin held the syringe with the tranquilizer with one hand, thumb on the injector, and squinted.

She started counting down mentally. Three, two, one, go! With that, she plunged the needle into Chen's shoulder and pressed down on the injector. Chen's howl was loud enough to still rattle eardrums even with the gag in place.

"Well that was considerably more difficult than it had to be," Eirin muttered as she removed the syringe and handed to Reisen for disposal. "Okay, any second now…"

Ran scratched her head as she looked over her Shikigami. Chen was still growling and pulling against the restraints. "Shouldn't she be falling asleep by now?"

"It varies from person to person," Eirin explained. "Depending on their age, weight, power levels, and so on."

"But she's barely eighty pounds! She should be…"

Chen suddenly stiffened in her seat and slumped back. Her head rolled to one side and a sliver of drool mixed with foam dripped from the gag's side.

"…oh wait there she goes."

"Tenacious, isn't she?" Eirin muttered as she hefted the other syringe. She was about to proceed with the injection when loud music started playing. She had to react quickly to avoid dropping the syringe and turned to glare at the music's source.

"If you embrace you hopes without fear, nothing exists that can keep you from it. You will meet with ominous disaster in the field where black death dances…"

Abashed, Ran pulled the singing cell phone from one of her robe's many pockets. "Sorry," she said, her face turning red, "Yukari. I have to take this."

Eirin sighed as the Shikigami turned and walked to the other end of the room, answering the call as she went. One would think that living in Gensokyo would make it possible to avoid being interrupted by something like an annoying phone call, but she had to be treating the Shikigami of one of the only two people in possession of cell phones and they had to receive a call during the visit. How irritating.

Eirin finished giving Chen her shot while listening with partial interest to Ran's conversation. "Master? Is something wrong? Chen's almost finished with her shots. Do you wish us to return? Understood. Who is this youkai? Who? Wait, is that…Yukari, are you serious? I remember what she was like last time around. Are you sure? I...Yes."

Apparently Yukari hung up first. Ran was left staring at the now silent phone with a troubled look on her face.

"Miss Ran?" Reisen said, cocking her head in curiosity. "Is there anything wrong?"

"Yes, what was that all about?" Eirin asked as she disposed of the spent syringe. "You forget to clean out the toilets or something?"

"What?" Ran started out of her reverie. "Oh, oh no, nothing like that. It just seems that there may be a…problem we'll have to deal with. Nothing you have to concern yourself-"

"Eirin! Help me Eirin!"

All eyes swiveled towards the room's entrance. Tewi stood in the doorway, one hand clutching the frame in a death grip while she hyperventilated, her eyes wide in…fear? Excitement? Overstimulation? Eirin wasn't sure, but something had gotten the rabbit worked into a tizzy.

"Tewi!" Reisen said. She looked concerned for her friend. "What happened to you?"

Tewi ignored her. "Eirin! You gotta…There's a…It said it wanted to…It was really scary!"

"Um, I'm getting that," Eirin said, looking completely confused. "What in the world are you on about?"

"A monster!" Tewi blurted out. She lunged forward and grabbed Eirin by her collar. "In the waiting room! A big smoky monster with red eyes and a really, really big sword! It made all the plants die and said it wanted to see you!"

Eirin had absolutely no idea how to respond to something like that. But before she could respond Ran cut in.

"Wait, what was that about plants dying?"

Tewi's wide eyes swiveled to the multi-tailed Shikigami. "All of them! She just looked at them and they shriveled right up!"

"And you say she had a sword?"

"Yes! A big nasty one with lots and lots of blades! I thought she was going to make mincemeat out of me!"

Ran's posture stiffened. Her hands began trembling, but the rest of her body remained steady. When she spoke, her voice was calm and unwavering. "And did she have red eyes?"

Tewi nodded enthusiastically. "Yes! Big ones, like this!" She pulled open her own eyelid to demonstrate the size of the thing eyes.

Ran's eyes rolled back. "Oh, fuck me."

"I'd rather not," Eirin said in irritation. "You sound like have some idea of what's going on. Care to enlighten us?"

Ran already had her cell phone out. She pressed buttons while she talked. "Yes, but first, have your assistants go and round up every rabbit-at-arms and tell them to suit up. This is going to be ugly."

"What is going to be ugly? Is explaining that really so hard?"

"Hold that thought. Yukari? Yes. Bad news I'm afraid. We just got confirmation that the she's here at Eientei. No, not yet. Shall I engage? Yes, I do believe it's necessary. Okay, understood. No, I'm amassing reinforcements now. I'll do my best. Thank you."

"Uh, Miss Ran?" Reisen asked when Ran hung up. "What's going on?"

"For the love of the gods, are you two still here? Go get those soldiers!"

Reisen looked confused. She glanced over to Eirin, who was frowning. But she nodded her permission.

After the two rabbits had scampered off, Eirin turned to Ran with her arms folded. "Okay Shikigami, you've got your backup. Care to fill in the very large blanks here?"

Ran shook her head. "I don't have much time…"

"You might be endangering my girls here. Make time."

"Point," Ran sighed. "Okay, how much do you know of, um, 'incidents' that have occurred in the last century or so?"

"Considering that we started one? Quite a bit, actually. I may not leave Eientei often, but I make it a point to keep up with current events."

"Good. Now, do the words 'Shadow Youkai' mean anything to you?"

Eirin frowned as she thought. Her memory was exceptionally good, but there was much data to sift through. She recalled about hearing something a few decades back, something of…

Oh.

That.

"Now, by Shadow Youkai do you refer to an incident that took place about sixty years ago," Eirin asked calmly. "One that resulted in the destruction of several human and youkai settlements in particularly messy fashion until your master intervened?"

"Yes."

"And am I understand the person responsible for those murders is in fact in my waiting room?"

"Seems to be."

"And how much of a crisis would this be?"

"Think the Flandre Scarlet World Tour."

"I see." Without another word, Eirin marched to a locked cabinet, set a ways apart from the others. She pulled a key out of her pocket and unlocked it. From inside she extracted a heavy black suitcase. The Lunarian doctor popped the clasps and pulled the lid open. From inside she removed several syringes filled with a sickly green fluid. These stuck into her uniform where she could access them with ease.

After this she reached back into the cabinet and pulled out a sawed-off shotgun. She pumped the action once and nodded in satisfaction.

"Well then," she said to a staring Ran. "It seems we have a bit of problem on our hands. Shall we get started solving it?"
It had been almost fifteen minutes since Cirno had left the rest of her gang to search out Reimu and company. Within those fifteen minutes she had become convinced that the Forest of Magic was a labyrinth designed by an absolute sadist, one with ADD. She had to have come back the same mushroom patch five times already, and the trees were all starting to look the same.

Still, she had to press on. Rumia was counting on her. A general never abandoned her men, no matter how gross of a manner they've been devoured by…

Cirno drove out that memory, or at least tried to. The look of utter terror on Rumia's face as her skin began to waste away kept forcing itself to the forefront of her mind. That in itself wouldn't be as bad if it weren't for the voices in her head providing color commentary.

She's dead, you know, they whispered. No one could survive that. She's dead and there's nothing you can do.

Shut up! she shot back. She's not dead, okay? I'm gonna find her and I'm gonna save her and everything will be okay!

Stupid. You saw her body get ripped apart. No one could survive that. Why do you keep trying to fool yourself?

Mystia got eaten once, and she came back, Cirno reminded them. Rumia's a youkai too. She can come back.

Far from the same thing. Mystia at least had pieces left behind. Rumia didn't even have that.

Cirno ignored that last part. Instead, she came to a brief halt in order to select a route she hadn't already traveled. She was at the foot of a gnarled old willow tree, with the path branching off in three different directions. Biting her lip, she closed her eyes and began pointing at each path in quick succession.

"Eenie-menie-um, money-mie? Which path do I…no that's not right."

"Well, hello there, sweet thing," a low, syrupy voice said from directly overhead. "Are you lost? Maybe I can help."

Cirno looked up and had to keep from screaming. A spider youkai, tarantula by the look of him, was slowly descending on a string. Soon he was hanging upside-down directly in front of her, a wide toothy grin plastered on his face.

"It's not safe for little girls like you to wander around by yourself," he leered, giving her a mocking tip of the bowler he wore. "Why, there's no telling what kind of-"

Before he could finish, Cirno shrieked and fell back, bringing her hands up to bear. White light flashed, and a moment later the tarantula was frozen stiff, web and all. That lecherous smile remained on his face, displayed far too many jagged teeth.

Cirno shuddered and immediately left the area. She had to get out of this forest. Too many freaks wandering around.

She decided to change tactics. Instead of continuing her fruitless wandering from one twisting path to the next, she shot straight up. Cirno closed her eyes and covered her face the best she could with her hands, but branches still scratched at her exposed skin as she tore her way through the intertwining treetops.

Then suddenly the leaves gave way to open air. Sunlight burst into her vision and she was through. Cirno soared up and up until she was she could clearly see the landscape stretching around her in every direction.

I really should've done this from the beginning, she thought as she shielded her eyes from the sun and looked in every direction. Nothing, nothing, nothing, noth…

There! Over the fields south of the Forest of Magic, Cirno could see five dots moving quickly through the air. She could barely make them out, but it looked like one of them was riding a broom. That was good enough for her. She immediately starting heading in that direction, ignoring the weariness and pain that was started to spread through her beat-up body. Fairies had amazing recuperative powers, but no one took two Master Sparks twice in one day and expected to be on their best game.

To top it off, those damned voices still wouldn't stop taunting her. Even if she's still alive, what are you going to do? Your ice didn't do anything, nothing you and your friends did anything. You'll probably just end up getting eaten too, and then who will-

Shut. Up.

Mercifully, this time they complied. Cirno steeled herself and added as much speed as she could. It didn't matter if Reimu and the rest thought she was useless. Rumia was her friend and she would be damned before she got left behind.

Hang on Rumia, she thought as she sped over the treetops. I'm coming.

…

Deep Within

At that moment, Rumia was busy calculating her odds of surviving the coming encounter with Eirin Yagokoro. From what she had heard the Lunarian doctor wasn't one to be trifled with. Reportedly, back during the incident of never-ending night, she had stood fast against Eientei's invaders and almost held them off single-handedly. And considering those invaders had been composed of some of Gensokyo's biggest names, including Marisa Kirisame, Reimu Hakurei, Yukari Yakumo and several others, Rumia was growing understandably apprehensive about the upcoming meeting. Even though she personally wouldn't be the target of Eirin's wrath, she was still inside of Rin's body, and anything that happened to Rin would probably happen to her in some form or another. And since Rin had only Rumia's meager powers to defend herself with, Rumia was starting to wonder if now would be a good time attract the attention of as many deities as possible and try to make peace.

Of course, there was that one incident with the smoky pillar of darkness and the bamboo stalks. Rumia was still trying to figure out exactly where in the hell that had come from.

For her part, Rin didn't seem all that concerned about the coming confrontation, though Rumia was starting to think that was more due to a short attention span than any measure of confidence. She was still in the sitting position and was watching her red screen intently. On it, her gnarled talons were turning the pages of the magazine she had picked up.

"Oh look Rumia!" she squealed as one particular article caught her eye. "Did you know that there's a new shrine at the top of the Youkai Mountain with two goddesses? And the shrine maiden is one of the goddess' descendants? Oh wait, yeah you do. Sorry, forgot."

Rumia sighed. "The Moriya shrine isn't exactly big news anymore, Rin. That magazine's a little outdated."

"Is it? Oh well, my memory's even more outdated, so it's all good. But did you know that the goddess and the maiden were caught in an incestuous relationship? And the other goddess ran away crying? It says she was in love with the first goddess. Wow, things must be downright insane over there!"

"Rin, it's a tabloid, it's all bullshit. Don't take it seriously. 'Sides, shouldn't you be more concerned about meeting your old boss?"

Her words made the Kirin cringe. "I know, I know! It's just I'm so nervous about what I'm gonna say, I need some kind of distraction to keep from wetting myself. I mean, she was kinda pissed last time I saw her, but maybe she's calmed down. I don't know, do you think she'll be happy to see me?"

…

"Ran and I will lead the first squad," Eirin said to the assembled soldiers. "As we understand it, close quarters is this thing's specialty, so we'll try to force it outside. Once it's clear of the building, Tewi and Reisen's teams will move in and pound it to oblivion. That is, unless Yukari and her friends show up before then, in which case you let them pound it to oblivion. Do not engage in hand-to-hand combat, you will die. Maintain your distance at all times and if it singles you out, retreat immediately. But above all, do not, do not, do not let it go after the princess! Her safety is our number one priority. Do you understand?"

On cue, the members of the Eientei Guard snapped to attention and saluted. "Ma'am, yes Ma'am!"

"Good. Now get to your positions, this is going to be nasty."

As Tewi and Reisen led their squads away, Ran took the opportunity to sidle up to Eirin.

"Hey Eirin? Quick question. Why do you have a…machine gun?"

"Shotgun."

"Right, shotgun. Why do you have one? After all, you can shoot a virtual storm of danmaku from your fingertips. Doesn't it seem a little…redundant?"

A mirthless half-smile touched Eirin's lips. She hefted the weapon and ran on hand lovingly over its wooden handle. "Sure, if you want them to survive."

Ran blinked. "What does that thing do?"

"What does it do? It solves problems, my dear Shikigami. It solves problems."

…

Deep Within

"So I can see why Eirin would get mad at me," Rin was saying. "I did go a little crazy and cause a lot of problems. But did she really have to squeeze all of my friends out of me and lock me up like that? I mean, she didn't even try to talk to me afterwards. Have you ever been alone in the dark?"

"…yes. All the time."

"And you couldn't leave? And you were stuck in that darkness forever and ever with no one to talk to, nothing to do, can't even sleep or do anything to take your mind off of how lonely you are? That's just too much."

Considering how Rumia had been convinced that that was going to be her fate she was hard pressed to disagree. "But you're just going to talk and sort things out, right? There's not going to be any shooting going on, right?"

"Of course! I learned my lesson the last time around. No shooting, only talking…Oh look, she came!"

The view on the screen shifted, and Rumia found herself staring at the door at the far end of the waiting room, the one that rabbit had ran through. Through it had entered a long-haired woman wearing a red-and-black dress (at least she assumed it was red-and-black. It was a little hard to tell with the screen's tint) and hat decorated with what appeared to be depictions of constellations. Accompanying her was a fox youkai wearing a long robe and in possession of far more tails than should be considered strictly necessary. Rumia recognized the latter one as Ran Yakumo, Shikigami to Yukari. Which would mean the former was Eirin. And neither of them looked like they were there to talk.

Rumia had no idea what Ran was doing here, but her presence couldn't be anything good. In fact, it probably meant that Yukari was close. For some reason that Rumia could never fully explain, the ancient youkai terrified her. Sure, everyone was scared of her on some level, but to Rumia it was akin to a phobia. She bit her lip and watched the proceedings while thinking I want to go home, I want to go home, I want to go home.

"There she is!" Rin said happily. She directed her borrowed body to stand up. "Okay, here we-"

That was when twelve rabbits, all dressed in green militaristic uniforms, took position on either side of the newcomers and, on Eirin's command, started shooting.

…

Eirin watched dispassionately as the air filled with danmaku, all focused on a single target. She was mildly surprised when the Shadow Youkai didn't even try to defend itself. If anything, it almost looked shocked that they would take initiative and throw the first punch. Whatever the reason, every shot hit home and the Shadow Youkai soon disappeared behind blinding flashes of light as the bullets exploded upon impact.

Eirin waited a good ten seconds before shouting "Cease fire!" She wasn't so optimistic to assume they had finished it off with the first volley, but the smoke kicked up by her girls' firepower would make it difficult for her to take a shot of her own. And she didn't want to miss.

"That was…easy," Ran muttered as they watched the smoke fade.

Eirin took aim with her shotgun, barrel focused at where the Shadow Youkai had vanished. "It's not dead."

"Yeah, probably not," Ran sighed. "You want this one?"

"Yes."

The smoke cleared enough for Eirin to get a good look at the other end of the waiting room. Aside from some splintered furniture and torn magazines, it was empty. Eirin frowned but she didn't move her finger from the trigger. She wouldn't relax until she did the thing's autopsy herself.

There. Hiding behind one of the overturned chairs, a shadow was moving. The Shadow, to be exact. Eirin held her fire as the top of its head peeked out into view.

"Wait…Eirin, wait," it said in a horrible gravelly voice that made her think of tombstones being ground into dust. "Don't shoot…it's me…"

Eirin lined up her shot and fired.

The shotgun belched smoke and a blazing green fireball shot out, starting off the size of a pellet when it exited the barrel but swiftly grew as it charged towards the thing's face. By the time it impacted, it was the size of a cantaloupe and neatly blew off half of its head.

The room filled with a soulless howl of agony as the Shadow Youkai fell backward, clutching at the ruined remains of its face. Its sword fell clattering to the ground.

Ran whistled her appreciation. "Wow, you weren't kidding about that thing. What is it?"

Eirin frowned, but said, "It's of Outside World make, but I had the kappa upgrade it."

"Upgrade? That's putting it mildly. You look disappointed though."

"It was supposed to launch it through the wall."

"Oh."

Well, if they couldn't force it outside at that moment, then they would just have to change tactics. Eirin pumped another round into the chamber, walked around the waiting room until she had a clear shot at the moaning, writhing monster and fired. And fired again. And again.

…

Deep Within

Gongs were going off in Rumia's head and light was exploding behind her eyes. All around her, the endless sea of nothing had become an endless sea of thrashing energy and pain. She could literally feel the substance of it twist in agony as the impacts of whatever it was hitting them reverberated through the recesses of Rin's mind.

Rin herself had taken the worst of it. She was lying curled up in the fetal position, clutching her belly and staring with glazed eyes at the shattered remains of her screen. She had managed to withstand the first round of fire without much difficulty, much as she had absorbed the bullets of Rumia's friends earlier. But whatever Eirin had shot at her had been much, much worse. The screen had exploded upon impact and though it was not actually Rumia's body taking the hit, she could still feel the echo of it rip through her core.

"She shot me," Rin was whispering. "She shot me she shot me she shot me…"

Rumia cried out as another impact sent pain ripping through their space. "Rin, snap out of it!" she screamed. "You've got to get us out of here!"

"…she shot me she shot me she shot me…"

"She'll keep shooting you if you don't move your ass! Rin, listen to me, we have to-"

"It was supposed to be a talk!" Rin screeched. Suddenly she was to her feet (metaphorically speaking) and shouting towards where her screen used to be. "I just wanted to talk! It wasn't supposed to be like last time! Why did you shoot me? Why?"

…

Eirin was seriously considering demanding a refund from the kappa. Despite shooting five rounds into the monster and blowing off its head and most of its torso in the process, it was still moving. And to top it off her shotgun had maybe one round left before it completely melted to slag from the heat.

Oh well, at least they were making progress. Her concentrated fire had reduced it to a quivering mass of shadows that didn't even resemble a humanoid form anymore. If this last shot didn't finish it off, then she would turn to the syringes.

Eirin pumped the final round into the chamber, noting with displeasure the amount of force required to accomplish just that simple movement, aimed for the core of the thing's mass, and fired.

It hit, but not in the way she had intended. A literal split-second before collision a thin twisting appendage formed itself from the main mass and shot out to catch the fireball in mid-air. To Eirin's surprise, the projectile did not explode upon impact but remained burning in the monster's grasp like some sort of flaming baseball.

A shiver ran over the thing's body and it began to grow. The tentacle holding the fireball grew fingers and shaped itself into an arm. Another arm braced itself against the floor and pushed the main body up as legs formed underneath. While all this took place, four smaller tentacles popped out of the top and twisted together to recreate its head.

All of this takes time to describe. In reality, it was on its feet and opening its eyes in less than three seconds. Eirin felt the first quiver of unease, but she didn't lose her nerve. Before it could regain its senses, she threw away the ruined shotgun and shouted, "Shoot it down!"

Her girls responded immediately, Eirin and Ran adding their own firepower to the barrage. This time, the Shadow Youkai didn't bother to seek cover. Its body shook as the bullets exploded against its frame, but it didn't disintegrate.

Then Eirin's quick eyes noticed something strange. "Cease fire!" she snapped. The danmaku cut off in an instant.

Ran sidled up to her. "Hope you got a plan," she muttered to the Lunarian. "Because we're kinda dropping the ball in the whole 'force it outside' department-"

"Shhhh!"

Eirin squinted at the Shadow Youkai's form, still visible through the smoke. It was as she had thought. The bullets had ceased to detonate upon impact and were instead sticking to it like knives. It still held the green fireball in one hand like some sort of demonic lantern.

Eirin had seen that phenomenon from exactly one being before. Pieces came together in her mind, constructing a conclusion that she didn't even want to entertain.

Oh no, she thought as the feeling of unease grew into icy fear. No, not this. Not her.

As if in confirmation of her fears, bullets began to sink into the thing's body. At the same time, it began squeezing the fireball, causing it to grow smaller and smaller. It seemed to be literally pressing it into its palm.

A wave of uneasy muttering spread through her soldiers. It was clear that they found the situation as disturbing as their leader did. A few of the older veterans had been there the first time this had happened and, judging by the looks on their faces, they were reaching the same conclusion Eirin was.

The last of the bullets vanished and the thing was whole once more. Eirin opened her mouth to ask a question, but before the first word left her mouth the Shadow Youkai screamed, a high-pitched echoing cry that caused all to wince in pain and cover their ear.

Then it grabbed up a fallen chair and hurled it at Eirin. "Watch out!" one of Eirin's rabbits shouted as she tackled her out of the way. The chair crashed against the far wall hard enough to crack the bamboo as it shattered into splinters.

The rabbits immediately began firing again, but this time the Shadow Youkai wasn't interested in being hit again. It snatched up its sword from the ground and leapt straight at the wall. The bamboo exploded into dust and it fled to the outside.

"Are you all right, Ma'am?" asked the rabbit that had saved her, Utada Eirin thought her name was.

Eirin nodded and allowed herself to be helped to her feet. "Thanks," she said. "Want a promotion?"

Utada smiled wryly. "Do I get my own quarters?"

"Don't push you luck." She took a deep breath and surveyed the battleground. It was bad, though not as bad as it could have been. The far end of the waiting room was a complete loss. Even without that hole in the wall, the floor and all the furniture was completely ruined. Still, all in all they had gotten off lightly.

"Ma'am, forgive me, but it's her, isn't it?" Utada asked. "It's Rin Satsuki."

There were some muffled gasps coming from the other assembled soldiers. Eirin pressed her lips together in a thin line, but she said, "Looks like it."

"Huh?" Ran asked. "Who's Rin Sat…seki? Suki?"

Eirin shook her head. She could feel on hell of a headache starting to form. "In a minute." She turned to the soldiers. "All right, we're clearing out. All of you, go find-"

That was when she heard someone yell "Fire at will!" and the sound of flying bullets filled the air. Eirin froze as she realized what had happened. The shock of what she had seen had completely driven one important fact from her mind.

"Reisen and Tewi," she spat, making the names sound like a curse. "Godsdamn it, I forgot." She whirled back to Utada. "Okay, change of plans! You're in charge now. Go get the princess, sneak her out of the back, and get her as far away from her as possible! Head for the Scarlet Devil Mansion and tell Sakuya Izayoi what happened, got it?"

The uncertainty vanished from her new commander's face as she snapped to attention. "Ma'am, yes Ma'am!"

"Good. Move!"

As Utada led her soldiers away Eirin grabbed Ran and pulled her along as she started running for the side exit. Ran complied, but she was still baffled.

"What? What's going on? Who the hell is this Rin person? I thought we were dealing with the Shadow Youkai!"

"We might be!" Eirin shouted back. "But it's much, much worse than that."

"How could it be worse? What's all this about? Eirin!"

"Later! We have a buffet to crash!"

"Buffet?"

"Yeah, and if we don't hurry it's gonna be all-you-can-eat rabbit. Now shut up and move!"

…

Reisen had never liked fighting. She could do it if she had to, but on the whole it was something to be avoided. So when she found herself leading twelve of the Eientei guard, ready to attack an unknown enemy, she was understandably nervous.

Her squad had taken position along the right wall of Hourai Clinic, waiting for the Shadow Youkai to reveal itself. Tewi's group was stationed at the left side, with the plan being to catch it in their crossfire and hopefully stall it until reinforcements arrived. Despite what Eirin had said, there was no question of ending the fight themselves. From what they had learned this thing didn't play by the rules.

For what had to be the fifth time, Reisen dared to peek around the building's corner. The knowledge that the Shadow Youkai was only separated from them by a few thin walls of bamboo and paper was not doing her nerves any good. On the other side, she could see Tewi doing the same thing. The two met each other's glances, and Tewi shot her friend an encouraging smile and a thumbs-up. Reisen shakily returned the gesture and ducked back behind the clinic. She sighed and slumped against the wall. Now that there was a definite plan of attack, Tewi had gotten over her previous panic and had become downright chipper about the upcoming battle. Reisen couldn't help feel a little envious of her friend's confidence. As for herself, she kept imagining the Shadow Youkai's sword suddenly jamming itself through the wall to pierce her skull.

In which case she should probably stop leaning against the clinic. She gulped and scooted away.

"Reisen?" said Shiina, one of her soldiers. "Are you all right?"

"What? Oh, I'm fine!" she said, forcing a laugh. It sounded fake even to her ears. "Just wondering what's taking them so long, that's all."

Shiina shot her a dubious look. "If you say so." She turned away from Reisen and focused on the forest, presumably keeping an eye out for their promised help.

Reisen had to repress a moan. And to top it off, she had been drafted as some kind of military leader. That was supposed to be Tewi's job and Tewi's alone. She wasn't cut out for this.

That was when the chaos began.

It started with Eirin's voice yelling something she couldn't make out, and then the sound of large amounts of danmaku being discharged pounded through the walls of the clinic. Reisen tensed up immediately. Oh gods, oh gods, it's really happening, what do I do, what do I do…

"Reisen?" said Shiina. "Reisen! Your orders?"

Her voice jolted Reisen out of her panic attack. The Lunar rabbit pulled herself to her feet and took a deep breath. "Um, well, Eirin doesn't want us attacking until the Shadow Youkai's forced outside. So wait until you, um, see it come out, and, and take it out. Do your, um, do your, you know, your thing."

Great speech Reisen, she berated herself. They're just overflowing with confidence now.

But she didn't have time to worry about that now. The sound of firing had cut off inside, to be replaced with a repeating click-BOOM! That would be Eirin and her shotgun. Reisen had accompanied her when she had picked it up after the kappa had gotten done upgrading it and had witnessed a demonstration. Despite herself, she was almost starting to feel sorry for the Shadow Youkai. Almost. After all, Eirin stood a good chance of finishing this herself. If so, Reisen wouldn't even have to look at the thing.

The sound of shotgun blasts ceased, and there was still no sign of the Shadow Youkai. Reisen found herself feel a small trickle of hope mixed with worry. Was it over? Had they killed the thing? Or had it killed them? The former was more likely, as there would have been a great deal more yelling if it had rose up and slaughtered the lot. But still, what if could kill someone with a look, just stop their heart and that was it? Reisen told herself not to entertain such thought, that they weren't doing her any good, but she couldn't help but think of worst case scenarios.

And then the yelling started. And the shooting resumed. Oh gods, it wasn't dead. And it was going to kill them and then kill everyone outside.

That was when a good chunk of the clinic's front disintegrated and something charged out of the newly created hole. Reisen felt all the doubts she had been feeling freeze into ice. It didn't take a genius to identify the newcomer as the dreaded Shadow Youkai.

"Reisen! Do we fire?" Shiina demanded.

Oh yeah. They had a job to do.

"What? Oh right. Fire at will!" Reisen shouted. At the same time, Tewi was giving the same command to her squad on the other end. Somehow, now that she was actually facing the monster instead of waiting for it, she found the fear easier to ignore. Adrenaline was funny that way.

The response was immediate. At her word, both squads of rabbits rolled into range and pointed their fingers at the Shadow Youkai. Fat spheres and small, sharp blades of energy in red, blue and lavender hurled forward from both directions. The Shadow Youkai tried to turn to face the new sound, but was caught in the crossfire and soon disappeared behind the barrage.

It worked! Reisen thought numbly. It actually worked! Grinning, she pointed her right hand at the monster, index finger and thumb extended, and added her own firepower to the assault, adding wave after wave of glowing red blades.

"How long do we keep this up?" Shiina shouted over the noise.

"Until we see it explode!" Reisen yelled back. The surprising success they were experiencing was starting to fill her with confidence.

"Sounds good to me!"

Reisen nodded and kept firing. Funny though, the monster didn't show any of sign of caving to their attack. She had to squint to tell, but it looked like it was still standing. That couldn't be good. And then…

"Stop shooting!" someone's voice cried, somehow rising about the sounds of battle. "Cease fire! Fall back! Shut those fucking things off!"

Cease fire? Huh? Confused, Reisen did as she was told. Around her, her soldiers were doing the same.

Eirin was standing on the roof of Hourai Clinic. The Lunarian doctor was holding a megaphone, which was how she had managed to make herself heard.

"Okay, everyone with ears longer than two feet, listen up! I've already sent my squad to help evacuate the princess! I want you to gather up the rest of the mansion staff and join them! Commander Utada will fill you in on the rest. Now move!"

Huh? We're supposed to go, just like that? Reisen exchanged looks with her squad they looked just a confused as she was.

"I'd listen if I were you," said a soft voice directly behind her.

Reisen whirled around. "Gah! How'd you-"

Ran the Shikigami stood there, clasped hands covered by her sleeves. "There's been a change of plans. You're to follow Eirin's orders and let her handle this."

"Bwuh? But it's not dead!" Reisen shot a glance over her shoulder to confirm. The Shadow Youkai was on its hands and knees, staring at the ground. It looked hurt, but it was definitely not down for the count.

"How is Eirin supposed to kill it by herself?"

"I'm not sure, so maybe you can tell me," Ran said calmly. "Does the name 'Rin Satsuki' mean anything to you?"

"Rin?" Shiina gaped. "That thing is Rin?"

As for her part, Reisen felt like someone had punched her in the gut. She wobbled a bit and had to brace herself against the clinic's side. Her weak legs slipped out from under her, sending her sliding to the ground.

"So you do know her. Good. Perhaps you would care to explain who that is and why she is such bad news."

Reisen didn't answer. In fact, she barely even heard Ran's words at all. The rhythmic percussion of her heart was pounding so loud that it drowned out everything else.

Ba-bump. Ba-bump. Ba-bump.

Someone called her name from far away. Reisen didn't acknowledge it. Her mind had been forced to a stop and had yet to restart.

Someone clapped their hands in front of Reisen's face. "Reisen! Wake up!"

Reisen jolted. She stared up with wide eyes at Shiina's face, which was looking down at her in concern.

"Reisen, are you still with us?"

Reisen swallowed but didn't respond.

Shiina cursed. She whirled to the other soldiers and screamed, "You heard the doctor! We're getting the hell out of here!"

There was no argument, no questions. They also knew the name Rin Satsuki. Shiina grabbed Reisen by the arm and hauled her off the ground. From there the Lunarian rabbit was partially dragged as squad turned and ran for the Eientei mansion as fast as they could, a disgruntled-looking Ran floating right behind.

As for Shiina herself, she had been friends with Reisen Udongein ever since the latter's arrival. And she also remembered Rin Satsuki very clearly, both after the change and before. She couldn't fault Reisen for falling apart, but she also couldn't let that make her forget the current crisis.

Out of the corner of her eye, she could see that Tewi's group had also gotten the message, judging by the way they hadn't even bothered going around the clinic and were now bounding across its roof. They had good cause too. If Ran was to be believed, and there was little reason not to, Rin Satsuki was on the loose again. May the gods help them all.

…

It felt…strange, walking towards the intruder. Out of the many, many people she never expected to deal with again, Rin Satsuki was in the top five. Unfortunately, one of the side effects of living so long is that people on those sorts of lists tend to show up sooner or later.

That is, of course, if the creature really was Rin Satsuki. There really was no way to tell based on sight alone. Of course, there was no one else who would simply absorb danmaku shots like that, and her showing up in Eientei would be quite the coincidence otherwise. To that end, Eirin was going to assume that it was her until proven otherwise.

To that end, she had taken the time to retrieve her bow from storage. It was a bit of a step down from her now ruined shotgun, but it would get the message across.

From the looks of things, her girls had done their job well. The thing she believed to be Rin was kneeling in the dirt, hands splayed before her and sword lying some feet away. It was partially turned away from her, but Eirin could still see what appeared to be smoking bits of pitch dripping from it face to leave smudges on the ground.

Eirin frowned and notched an arrow in her bow. Tears or no, Rin Satsuki was still one of the greatest threats to Eientei. She would be damned before she let another rampage happen.

"Rin," Eirin called out. "Rin! Rin Satsuki! Turn around."

Still sniveling, the thing pulled itself to its feet and turned to face her. "Eirin. You…recognize me?"

Now I do for certain, Eirin thought to herself. Aloud, she said, "What are you doing here, Rin? How did you escape from your prison?"

"Rumia…helped me. She opened…the box."

That name didn't ring a bell. "Is Rumia the Shadow Youkai's name?"

"I don't…know…what that…is."

Huh, that was odd. "And is this Rumia's whose body you're wearing?"

"Yes."

Eirin pulled back on the bowstring. "Let her go, Rin. I don't want to hurt you."

Rin's stolen eyes blazed up with new fire and her guttural voice came in stronger, losing that note of forced hesitation. "You already hurt me! Why? I just wanted to talk."

…

Deep Within

I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die…

Her mind locked up by fear, Rumia stared with frantic eyes as Rin angrily addressed her newly created screen. On it, she could see Eirin grimly holding them at arrow-point. Considering that Rin had managed to absorb all attempts to destroy her, Rumia had little doubt that she could survive the arrow. But that didn't mean getting skewered first was going to be any fun, especially since it appeared that Rumia would be taking some of that backlash as well.

Besides, this was Eirin they were talking about. The arrow was probably cursed or poisoned or something like that.

"You didn't even give me a chance to explain myself!" Rin screamed. Her balled fists were trembling and angry tears were pouring down her face.

"I didn't know it was you, not at first," Eirin said, her voice sounding strangely mechanical when filtered through Rin's borrowed ears. "But even if I did, have you seen yourself lately? Would you take the chance?"

"Uh, R-Rin?" Rumia ventured. "Maybe you should calm down-"

"If I wanted to kill you, I wouldn't have bothered sending Tewi to get you!" Rin shouted. "I would have just smashed my way in and done it! I'm strong enough to do that now!"

"Rin, stop shouting at her. You only have my power, and I-"

"Rumia, please," Rin said in a strained voice. "Not now."

"I'm sure," Eirin responded. "But even if I knew it was you, do you really think I'd be waiting for you with open arms? Face it Rin, you didn't exactly leave us with a good impression last time around."

"But I've changed!" Rin cried in frustration. "I'm different now! I just want to get my life back!"

"Oh? And how does this 'Rumia' feel about giving up her life so you might regain yours?"

Rumia's spine stiffened.

"She's my friend!" Rin protested. "She helped me escape!"

"And did she willingly let you devour her body, trap her mind and steal her power?" Eirin said. "I see no difference between what you did then and what you're doing now. Still taking away people's lives against their will. Did you know that there are still those who wake up screaming from nightmares about what you did to them? And you wonder why we're not taking chances."

Rumia glanced around at the endless void around them, at the gigantic crimson screen, at her own paralyzed body and at the increasingly nutty girl who had made it all happen. She thought about the brief glimpses of what Rin had created from her power, of the pain she had felt coursing through the space around them when Eirin had shot them. She thought about the signs of Rin's mental instability and being trapped forever in this place, unable to escape, unable to move and with no one except one very strange girl with more than a few issues for company. Rumia found herself seeing Eirin's logic, harsh as it was, to be wholly reasonable.

"I had no choice!" Rin shot back. "What was I supposed to do, just slither my way back? Let the sun dehydrate me until I shriveled up? Let all the fairies of the world turn me into a kickball or a beanbag chair? I'm not working with a lot of options here!"

"Then prove it."

"Eh?"

The steel in Eirin's eyes sharpened. "You say that you're different, that this one incident was just an act of desperation? Then prove it. You've made it here, so you don't need Rumia anymore, right? Let her go, and I'll believe you."

Rumia's heart leapt, though she did her best to conceal it. This was it. If Rin would only listen to the pissed off lady with the bow-and-arrow, then Rumia stood a chance of walking away from this nightmare.

Then again, there was just a good a chance that her captor would completely disregard Eirin's words and keep her imprisoned.

Or go crazy and tear her mental ghost apart. It could go any way, really.

Rin, however, didn't respond. She just stared at her feet.

"How about it, Rin? Are you really willing to start over with a clean slate? Let Rumia go."

Rin's eyes remained downward. Her shoulders shook slightly, but other than that she made no move.

"Rin, I need an answer here. Hello?"

"Hey Rumia?" Rin said suddenly.

"Huh?"

"Am I really so terrible?"

Rumia gulped. "W-what do you mean?"

Rin looked over her shoulder. Her eyes were devoid of emotion, her voice a dead monotone. Rumia couldn't tell, but it also looked like her aura was starting to darken. That couldn't be good news.

"Am I really that much of a monster, something to be feared and despised?" Rin turned completely and started walking towards where Rumia hung, her bare feet striding across the open nothingness. "A horrible freak of nature, something's whose very presence makes your insides squirm. Is that how you see me?"

Rumia gulped. "Well, um, you know I've really only known you for a couple hours, so it's way too early to make any, um, judgment calls," she babbled. "But you know, you seem like a nice person all around, and whatever happened back then, well, that's in the past right? So if Miss Eirin's giving you a second chance, hehe, then maybe you should, um…"

Rin reached up with one luminescent hand to touch Rumia's cheek.

"…listen…to her? Oh gods, please don't…"

A small, sad smile touched Rin's lips. "I guess it's true then," she said. Rumia couldn't tell who she was talking to.

"Um, is that so? What's true?"

Rin didn't answer. She turned again to face the screen.

"Eirin?"

"What is it, Rin?"

Rin took a deep breath, and Rumia's body tensed with it. She squeezed her eyes shut. This was it.

"Eirin, I-"

That was when something hit them and the world was knocking spinning.

Rumia screamed as the darkness started convulsing around them. White, red and purple bursts of energy erupted around them like pustules. Rin was knocked off her feet and knocked sprawling.

The view in the screen was in complete disarray. It was difficult to tell if what they were seeing was static or if Rin's body was being whirled around at great speed.

"What's going on?" Rin shouted as she tried to pull herself up. Another quake shook the place, knocking her flat again. "Rumia, what happened?"

"How should I know? This is your mind!"

Rin managed to stumble her way over to the screen just in time for the picture to clear. From the look of things, her constructed body was lying on its side in the dirt, staring at the bamboo forest. Both she and Rumia gasped in unison when they saw some of the biggest names in the Gensokyo's Who's Who list.

Reimu Hakurei, youkai exterminator extraordinaire and Gensokyo's resident problem solver. Marisa Kirisame, Mad Witch of the Forest of Magic and someone who still might be holding a grudge against Rumia. Mima the Evil Ghost, notorious dark magician whose name was still spoken of in whispers. Suika, the only known oni active in Gensokyo and reported to be able to bench press the Youkai Mountains without a warm-up.

And, in keeping with the sort of day Rumia was having, Yukari Yakumo, Gensokyo's vicious watchdog and the closest thing they had to a Capital-G God. Also the person who ranked the highest on Rumia's Avoid-At-All-Costs list. All taken together, Rumia estimated their chances of surviving to be somehow near Cirno's chances of successful enrollment in the Gensokyo University.

The cavalry had arrived, and they had brought hell with them.

"She tricked me!" Rin screamed. She started banging her fists against the screen. "She tricked me! She just wanted to keep me busy until they showed up! Well, I won't let her get away with this."

Even though Rumia knew it wasn't real, the feel of bile rising in her throat was pretty damned convincing. "Um, w-w-what d-do you mean b-b-by-"

"I'm sorry Rumia, but I need for you to go away for awhile. I can't afford any distractions."

"What? What does-"

"Don't worry, I'll come get you after I'm done teaching these guys a lesson."

"Wait! What are-"

And then everything disappeared. Rin, the screen, the writhing substance around them, even Rumia's imaginary body and the sensations it was experiences. All gone. Just nothingness.

Hello? she said, or at least tried to. Her mind formed the word, but there was no outlet.

Oh Rin, she wondered as despair rose up. What are you doing?

…

"No!" Eirin screamed as Rin was ripped from the ground and tossed in the air like a ragdoll. "Not now! I was reaching her!"

"So am I," Yukari said. "Watch me reach her."

She called up fire and plasma and twisted them together to form a blazing rope of destruction, which she promptly hurled through one of her bizarre portals. Another portal opened directly over the still-flying Rin, causing the twisting rope to bear down on her and slam her to the ground.

"That reached her! Didn't it reach her Suika?"

"Sure did!" the little oni cheered. "Hey, I can reach her too!"

The little oni suddenly stopped being so little. Within a matter of seconds she was more than fifteen feet tall and tearing up bamboo by their roots. When she had enough to fill her enormous palm, she raised it over her head.

"No!" Eirin cried, but it was too late. Suika slammed the entire load down on Rin, who was just struggling to her feet. The force of the impact literally drove her into the ground.

Eirin stamped her feet in frustration. "You idiots! Stop! You don't know what you're dealing with!"

"Maybe not, but we know how to deal with it!" Marisa laughed. "Reimu?"

"Got it." The shrine maiden extracted a card from her skirt. At her command, it started hovering in the air, her yin-yang balls circling at high speed.

"Evil Sealing Circle!" she snarled, and the card exploded in red and blue light, which surrounded the ripped-up stalks of bamboo and burnt them to ash.

"Ready dearie?" Mima said sweetly to Marisa. Her former prodigy grinned and gave her a thumbs-up.

"Am I ever!"

Mima's teeth flashed as she grinned. "Good."

The two of them flew high above the smoking impact zone. Directly beneath, there was a still a small dark speck, lying motionless in the crater. Mima gently placed her hands on Marisa's shoulder. At the touch, her fingers began glowing with a sparkling green light. Meanwhile, Marisa's hakkero hummed loudly as it gathered power.

"No!" Eirin screamed. She pointed her arrow at the pair, but then she was suddenly snatched up from the ground, dropping the bow in the process.

"Uh-uh-uh," Suika chastised the struggling Lunarian. "Play nice!"

Unable to break from the giant's grasp or even reach her syringes, Eirin could only watch helplessly as the light in the sky grew brighter and brighter, until…

"Final Spark!" Marisa and Mima cried in unison. Pure destructive force, thicker and brighter than even the Master Spark, shot forth from the hakkero directly down into the crater.

"What's wrong, Lunarian?" Yukari said mockingly as she hovered over to Eirin's side. "You seem concerned for the monster's safety. Don't tell me you've gotten soft."

"Idiot!" Eirin spat. "That's not the Shadow Youkai!"

"Is it not?" Yukari seemed wholly unconcerned about this revelation. "Hmmm, it certainly looks a little different, all smoky and such." She shrugged. "Oh well, still close enough."

"No it's not! Seriously, you don't know what you're doing!"

"And you do, I suppose?"

"Yes! That's no normal youkai, that's-"

"Hey guys!" Marisa shouted, magically amplifying her voice to make herself heard over the roar of her attack. "Something's happening, ze!"

All eyes turned to her and Mima. They were still digging their way to Makai with the Final Spark, but Marisa's face had started to look strained. Considering that her ridiculously overpowered spells didn't usually tax her, especially with Mima lending her power to the mix, this was somewhat odd.

"Marisa?" Reimu said as she floated to the witch's side. "What wrong?"

"Don't know," Marisa mumbled back. "Feels like something…pushing back…nneeggghhh!"

Suddenly the Final Spark seemed to tamper off near the hole's entrance. Just as it expanded out from Marisa's hands to a thick cylinder of energy, it shrank back down again to disappear into another set of hands. A sharp-taloned, pitch black set of hands that were slowly rising from the hole's epicenter.

"Oh, here we go," Eirin groaned. She slumped over the oni's fingers. "It's the Satsuki incident all over again."

"Uhhh, say what now?" Yukari said. Like everyone else, she was entranced by the seemingly impossible sight of someone not only surviving, but absorbing Marisa's Final Spark attack.

Eirin ignored her. "Marisa!" she screamed. "Stop firing! You're only making her angrier!"

"What?" Marisa shouted back.

"I said…"

The Final Spark suddenly pulsed and reversed its direction, turning on its source and launching a very surprised Marisa and Mima into the sky.

"…never mind."

Over the hole hovered Rin Satsuki, wearing the nightmarish form of Rumia the supposed Shadow Youkai. There was no denying it, the girl was pissed off. What had been small, dancing wisps along the edges of her body had erupted into angrily writhing vines of pure midnight. Her eyes had lost all her hurt confusion from earlier and now only blazed with hate. Her sword was clutched in one hand and by the looks of things she fully intended to use it.

"You're going to want to put me down," Eirin told Suika.

"Huh?" The overgrown oni stared down at the woman clutched in her hand, as if she had forgotten that she was even there.

"Put me down. You'll need your hands free."

"Oh. Okay."

Eirin was unceremoniously dropped to the ground. She landed with a thump on her rear but pulled herself to her feet as quickly as she could.

"Uh, Eirin?" Yukari said. "What's going on?"

"The end of the world."

"Seriously?"

"Near enough." Eirin reached into her dress and removed three of the syringes. She held these between her fingers on her right hand like a set of throwing knives. "Now, listen up: grab your friends and get the hell out of here. Things are about to get really ugly."

Yukari bristled. "And who are you to tell me what-"

A savage roar of hate and rage exploded from Rin's Shadow Youkai form. There was no more time. Eirin grimly readied the syringes as she started to run towards the whirlwind of darkness that was starting to form. She ignored everything around her; Yukari's cries of surprise, Suika's clumsy attempts to grab her again, the dark storm clouds that were forming overhead, the way the light seemed to grow dimmer over time, everything. The only thing she was focused on was her target and the single thought that repeated over and over in her mind.

Now this? This is going to suck.
Being an exiled princess of the moon came with both advantages and disadvantages. On the one hand, there was no longer an advanced civilization under Kaguya's command. No more worshipful populace, no more gigantic palace full of servants, no more entire army ready to die at her word. Instead, she was left with a single mansion of Earth rabbits, Eirin and Reisen aside, whom she had to actually pay. The number of eager suitors seeking her hand had also dropped considerably. And while she locals seemed to like her well enough, she still had to get used to the fact that the most she was going to receive from them was a friendly hello instead of them prostrating themselves on the ground and begging for her favor. And of course, there still was the damned Mokou. There was always that damned Mokou.

Still, there were upsides as well. At least people had stopped pretending to like her just because they were supposed to. Mokou aside, the number of assassination plots was at an all-time low. What few people she had serving under her seemed to be honestly loyal to her personally instead of just her family. All those marriage proposals were starting to get a little annoying anyway. And damn it, she was starting to like being one of girls. Just last week she and Tewi had snuck out to one of Suika's infamous parties and had gotten so smashed that they had somehow woken up in five miles from where they started and were wearing each other's clothes. Of course, Eirin had had some choice words for them when she had found out, but it had been totally worth it, even if she and Tewi had been looking at each other awkwardly ever since.

Plus, on the moon she wouldn't have access to Yukari's black market of Outside World toys. So on the whole things were going just fine. She was enjoying her life in Gensokyo, thank you very much, and as far as she was concerned, the Moon could go and hurl itself into the asteroid belt for all she cared.

At the moment, she was in sitting cross-legged on her bed, dressed in shorts and a simple white tee shirt with a green-and-silver scarf around her neck and glasses on her face, reading the latest novel she had acquired from Yukari. It was from a series that, according to Yukari, was all the rage back in the Outside World. Even though she didn't get most of the references, she was still enjoying it immensely.

She turned the page and gasped. "Wait, Snape kills Dumbled-"

A sudden knock at the door startled her out of her trance. She looked up, blinking in confusion.

"Your Highness? Your Highness!" said a frantic-sounding voice on the other side as they continued to slam their hand against the door. "Please, it's an emergency.

Kaguya scowled. Out of all the inconvenient times! She removed her glasses and scarf, slid off the bed and donned a robe patterned with blue flowers. Then, after tightening the sash around her waist, she went to see what the problem was. Whatever it was, it had better be damned good.

"Your Highness, please! It's important!" the voice kept saying.

"All right, all right! I'm coming already!" She slid the door open and frowned when she saw twelve nervous-looking members of the Eientei guard standing at attention.

"Uh, what's going on?" she asked. "Is Mokou PMSing at the front Gate or something?"

The rabbit who looked like she was in charge, the one who had done all the knocking and yelling, shook her head. "No, Highness. I'm sorry, but we need to evacuate you from the premises as quickly as possible. Eirin's orders."

Kaguya stared at her. "Evacuate? That's preposterous! Eientei is a veritable fortress! What could possibly be so threatening at it would force us to retreat?"

"Highness, it's…Rin Satsuki. She's back."

"Wait, who?"

"Remember?" one of the other rabbits said suddenly. "Eirin's little people-eating blob girl?"

"Quiet!" the first rabbit snapped, giving the second an admonishing whack across the forehead. "Do not speak out of turn!"

Kaguya, however, didn't even notice the disrespect. Now she remembered Rin Satsuki.

"Wait, the same one that ate Reisen and most of the staff until Eirin managed to blow her up? That one?"

The first rabbit inclined her head. "Yes, Highness. I saw her with my own eyes."

"Then what are we waiting for, you ignorant fools!" Kaguya shouted, forgetting in her panic that she had promised to stop calling them. "Let's get out of here!"

All of the gathered rabbits saluted. "Yes, your Highness!"

They started to move, but then Kaguya paused. "Wait, where is Eirin?"

"I'm sorry Highness, I do not know. She sent us to find you immediately after confirming Satsuki's identity."

Kaguya's face became even paler than usual. "So you just left her there? She'll get eaten! We have to go back for her!"

She moved to go find her companion but found her way blocked by the rabbits, who moved to stand in her way.

"Your Highness," said the lead rabbit in a firm but respectful tone, "we were given direct orders from Eirin to evacuate you from the palace immediately, and we intend to follow those orders."

Kaguya's jaw dropped. "What? How dare you! I outrank Eirin, in case you've forgotten. Since when do her orders supersede mine?"

"When your safety is concerned," was the prompt answer. "I hope you can forgive us one day, but we cannot allow you to come within range of that creature."

Kaguya was about to tell them in no uncertain terms exactly how forgiving she intended to be, but then the lead rabbit added, "In addition Highness, perhaps you have not considered the exact implications of what were to occur if you were to be devoured yourself."

Being contradicted made Kaguya bristle, even if the rabbit had a point. But before she could respond the sound of yelling attracted her attention. Everyone turned to see even more rabbits, soldier and mansion staff alike, rushing toward them. Only this time, it looked like Reisen and Tewi were with them. And, curiously enough, that fox youkai that was always following Yukari around.

"Kaguya!" Tewi wailed. "She's back! It's-"

"I know!" Kaguya snapped. "Rin Satsuki. She's back, it's awful, panic and fear, I got it! Now, where in the hell is Eirin?"

It was Yukari's pet fox (Ran! That was her name) that answered. "She said that she was going to talk to the intruder, try to reason with her. Considering that she had the intruder ambushed twice with a literal barrage of bullets not five minutes ago and shot it several times with a shotgun, I must confess I do not have high hopes for her success."

The first soldier, the one that had knocked on Kaguya's door, cleared her throat. "Highness, forgive me, but we must-"

"Shut up," Kaguya snapped. To the fox, she said, "What, is she insane? Satsuki's a psychopath! Delusional, mixed up, cuckoo, her brain is on extended leave! What is Eirin thinking?"

Ran tilted her head. "Seeing how I have absolutely no idea who this Satsuki is in the first place, I cannot even hazard a guess. Though I should point out that Yukari is already on her way to help, and is bringing reinforcements. Perhaps Eirin is simply trying to distract said cuckoo psychopath until my Master arrives." Her eyes darkened. "And while I still remain uninformed as to this Rin Satsuki's history, I do know a thing or two of the new power she's acquired. And I know that is quite often a bad idea to get in the way of Yukari's operations. So you are going to tell me everything that Yukari will find useful and then you are going to evacuate. Now."

…

Pain. Uncontrollable, agonizing pain. Energy, much, much more than I can absorb, coursing down on me, burning, tearing, annihilating. Trying to stop it, trying to deflect it, trying to adapt to it. No good. It's too much, too fast. Not nearly strong enough.

Feel my body start to disintegrate. Shriveling away, from the outside in. Is this what it felt like for Rumia, when I took her in? If so, then I owe her an apology. Too bad I'll never be able to give it.

No, can't take much more of this. Trying to hold together, but it's so hard. Losing control of my cells, feeling the ones on the surface start to collapse. Wouldn't that be ironic? End it all in a nuclear explosion. Do organic cells work that way? I don't think so. Be funny if they did. Guess I'm gonna find out. Too bad, I was starting to enjoy the open air.

Please, somebody help…

Well, I do believe that's my cue.

What?

Hello.

Rumia! But I-

Rumia? Heh, not quite.

Who are you?

A friend. One you cannot afford to ignore.

What? What do you mean?

In short, I'm here to help you, Rin. And given how you're slowly being boiled away to vapor, I'd say you could use all the help you can get.

Bu-but how? How did you even get into my mind? That isn't supposed to be possible!

Is that so. Well, sorry to hear that. If I'm too much of a distraction I'll just go. Say hello to oblivion for me.

No, wait!

Hmmm?

Can you really help me?

Oh yes. That much is certain.

Please, I don't know who you are, but if you can help me then help me!

Oh, very well. First of all, you're going about this the wrong way.

What?

It's too much energy to take in all at once, right? Sort of like a raging river crashing against a dam. It can absorb and disperse some of the force, but too much too fast and then…bye bye!

I know that already! How-

So stop thinking of yourself as a dam, and become a meander. Let the energy flow through you and back at them.

But…but how?

Here, let me show you.

…

"What?" Marisa shouted at the tiny figure of Eirin Yagokoro. The Lunarian doctor had shouted something at her, but with the roar of the Final Spark it was difficult enough to hear her own voice. Plus, most of her attention was focused on the Spark itself, which had suddenly decided to behave rather oddly, almost like it was pushing back.

Eirin shouted again, but again her words were swallowed up. Just as well, because at that moment her hakkero started shaking uncontrollably.

Marisa exchanged one very confused look with Mima. This was new. And in their field, having new things happen while controlling highly destructive forces tended to end badly.

Suddenly a massive wave of force from their own attack rose up against them. Marisa had exactly enough time to think Oh shi- before her beam suddenly reversed direction. And then there was nothing but noise.

…

I did it!

So I see, good job! But don't celebrate too soon; your work isn't done yet.

It's not?

No. The others who attacked you are still there. The traitor is there too. Am I right?

…yes.

The traitor who took you in, pretended to care about you, made you love her like a mother.

How did you-

Who used that bond to manipulate you. Who tore away your life and made you into an abomination. Who assaulted and tried to kill you when you dared to try to take it back, to try to find some escape from the endless loneliness of your own mind. Who claimed that you were the monster just because you tried to defend yourself. Who stuffed you in a box and handed you off to the vampire lover. Who left you alone in the dark for years, claiming it was for your own good when she knew damned well that there would be no end to your torment.

Yes.

And to add insult to injury, once you finally freed yourself, saw the sky and felt for the first time in years, what did she do? After you tried to make amends, did she greet you with open arms? No, she lured you in with talk of reconciliation and let her new friends try to kill you.

Yes!

Such a sad story. Now, what are we going to do about that?

…

Reimu tumbled head-over-heels through the dirt, tearing clothing and scraping skin. She finally skid to a very undignified stop, face down in a small puddle of mud. She did not want to know what had made the mud, but judging by the smell and the taste she could hazard a few guesses.

She gagged and spat out the foul stuff. When she had seen Marisa and Mima's Final Spark start to backfire, she had dived out of the way as fast as she could. Her feet had gotten singed in the process, but she had made it. Barely.

What had happened though? Marisa and Mima were two of the most powerful practitioners she knew. In addition, when it came to magical matters, they were perfectionists. Their spells, once perfected, never backfired like that. It was something that simply didn't happen.

Coughing, she pulled herself up and looked over her shoulder and got her answer.

Her eyes widened and small squeaking noises emerged from her slack mouth. Oh, holy shit!

The shrine maiden is a problem. She will not stop until we are destroyed.

What do I do?

Hmmm, well, you could try this.

…

A twisting vine of darkness writhed its way over to where Reimu landed. The shrine maiden tried shooting it down, but it dodged her attack and struck.

Reimu cried out as it wrapped around her left ankle. The touch was icy cold and poisonous. Pins and needles erupted over her foot, and then it went numb. The numbness began climbing up her leg.

It wasn't done though. The vine lifted her off the ground, dangling her like a chunk of butchered meat. It swung her around a couple of times, almost playful in its abuse. And then it hurled her into the forest. Her body slammed through the bamboo stalks, shattering several until finally coming to a limp stop.

…

Not bad. Should have waited until the taint spread through her body though.

But wouldn't that…kill her?

Of course.

I-I don't think I can do that. I'm not a murderer!

I see. Well, baby steps then. Meanwhile, watch your back.

…

Yukari emerged from her portal, directly behind the Shadow Youkai. She had to admit, the thing was tougher than she remembered. Normally, she would be approaching such a threat more cautiously, but there were larger issues at hand.

The bitch had hurt Reimu. It was going to pay.

Once again she called up fire in one hand and plasma in the other. She pressed her wrists together and sent out death.

Faster than she thought possible, almost as fast as thought itself, the Shadow Youkai whirled around and thrust one hand outward. Yukari's attack hit it in the center of its palm.

Oh, this can't be good, Yukari thought numbly. She tried to turn off the juice, but before she could her own attack turned against her, redirecting itself to slam against her torso. Cloth disintegrated and flesh burned and Yukari was knocked backwards through her portal.

Yukari tumbled through her unnatural world of eyes, completely senseless. She didn't even notice when her cell phone started to ring.

…

Now that was a long time coming. Oh irony, how I love thee. Now then, you say you don't want to kill anyone, correct?

Yes! Hurt, maybe. But not kill!

If you say so. Oh, I wouldn't remain hovering in one place if I were you.

What? What do youAAAGGGHHHH!

…

Attacking a pissed-off Rin Satsuki head on was tantamount to suicide, but Eirin had run out of options. Now she just hoped that she could distract her long enough for Kaguya and the others to evacuate safely. At this point, nothing more mattered beyond keeping this thing from the princess.

For its part, Rin hadn't turned her attention to her yet. She was too busy picking apart the rest of Yukari's posse. The ghost and the witch had already been dispatched, and the shrine maiden was soon to follow. Eirin felt her heart drop as Reimu was hurled screaming into the forest, but there was no time to worry about her now.

Yukari was next. To the youkai's credit, she had kept her head for tactics despite the fact that the battle was turning against her. She appeared through a gap right behind Rin and tried to finish her off at point-blank range. Unfortunately she was unfamiliar with Rin's unique abilities and was promptly removed from the game.

Her useless attack did some good though. It got Rin to turn her back on Eirin. The Lunarian doubled her speed and leapt forward at her onetime prodigy, throwing the syringes with all her might. Like her rifle, the syringes and their contents were made special. Each one had an enchantment that would press down on the injector once the needle pierced skin, sending 40ml of a particularly nasty bacterial disease Eirin had whipped up herself into whatever poor sap so happened to be on the receiving end of her wrath. That in itself was enough to paralyze and kill most people in seconds, but Eirin wasn't interested in taking chances, so three it was. Followed by three more. And a focused blast of danmaku to the head for good measure.

To her surprise, it worked. As soon as the needles plunged in, Rin's spine stiffened and her dark aura began thrashing. Her sword fell from paralyzed hands as she wobbled in the air.

I'm sorry Rin, Eirin thought as she watched her greatest success and most tragic failure start to fall back into the pit that had been dug for her.

…

Wow, I actually felt that. Nasty stuff.

AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!

Oh, stop your crying. It's giving me a headache. Well, mind ache. Whatever. Anyway, you're fine.

I can't move…burning…whole body burning…

Yeah, this would be lights-out for you under normal circumstances. One major problem with that though.

…wha…

Looks like that toxin is organic in nature. Spores, maybe? Germ warfare? Really cranky microscopic fairies? Whatever the case, life is life, and it's not going to work.

Why?

Because I'm here. Don't worry about the toxin, it's under control. All you have to worry about is the traitor.

…

Whatever steel resolve had been driving Eirin's assault began to melt into ice water. Rin wasn't dying. Just as it looked like she was going to fade away completely, her spine had straightened, her shoulders had squared, and the fire in her eyes began blazing with new life.

Then the syringes started to sink into what passed for Rin's flesh. Damn it.

Eirin acted without thinking. As soon as Rin turned to face her, Eirin leapt into the air and slammed her foot into the monster's face. The contact felt like a dagger of ice being driven into her heel, but she managed to take Rin off guard. Her scarlet eyes bulged in surprise and the force of the kick sent her flying against the pit's side where her head collided with an audible crack.

…

So, you still don't want to kill anyone?

Um…

Can you make just one exception for her? She did just try to kill you.

But I...

And she kicked you in the head. Now that was just rude.

…

The biggest drawback to kicking someone poised over a large hole is that once the kick connects, you really had nowhere to go but down. Of course, this being Gensokyo, Eirin could have simply flown to safety, but there were certain factors that made that impractical. Namely, an angry Rin recovering far too quickly and grabbing her by and arm and a leg, swinging her round and round and tossing her headfirst down the pit's throat.

As she fell, Eirin couldn't help but think, I knew this was going to suck. If she had time she would have smiled at the irony.

Then lights exploded behind her eyes.

…

Feels good, doesn't it? Feel free to finish her off anytime.

Huh…

…

Eirin stared up through glazed eyes and swollen eyelids as the shadowy blur descended. Something in the back of her mind told her that she should probably be panicking right now, but for the life of her she could not think of why. Especially since staying down and going to sleep seemed like such a good idea.

Something grabbed her by her collar and hoisted her up. She frowned in annoyance. Why wouldn't people let her rest?

Then the fuzziness in her mind cleared enough for her to recognize Rin Satsuki's stolen mask. Oh, that was right. Rin was back, and wanted to kill her. And from the looks of things, that was about to happen.

Despite literally facing her impending death. Eirin felt an almost eerie sense of serenity. There was a certain rightness to going out this way. She had done her best uphold her duty and was now going to be ended by the person with the most reason to. It was almost karmic in a way.

Holding her up with one hand, Rin reached back with the other. Eirin smiled slightly. Well, this was it.

But to her surprise, Rin didn't rip out her throat or tear off her head. Instead, she hauled out and decked her.

…

Oh. Well. That was…primitive.

Yes.

Now I'm curious; you had the perfect opportunity to kill her right there and every reason to. Why didn't you? Don't tell me you're still hoping to patch things up with her. I think we're a little beyond that now.

I know. I'm not.

Then…?

Because I'm not done with her yet.

Really now? What more could you…oh. Oh. Hehehe, I get'cha! Rin, I'm starting to like you!

Um, thanks?

Just be careful. These little games have a habit of coming back to bite you in the ass.

I know. I'll be careful.

Good. Oh, ah, look out for the oni.

What?

Yes. The very big one that flattened you earlier and is now reaching into the hole with one really large hand, looking to pop you like a pimple.

Oni?

The nasty kind that are really three pimples in one and are so filled with pus that you swear there must be some sort of viral civilization living inside.

Oh! That oni!

…

Wrong! This was all wrong!

Suika charged at the hole, arms pumping furiously, angry tears leaking out of the corner of her eyes. It wasn't supposed to go this way! It was supposed to be just another brawl! They would go find the painted-blue-honey-sake-she didn't even care anymore and beat it up until it stopped being bad. That was how all the other times went!

But now, in the space of thirty seconds, her two biggest buddies and the grumpy doctor lady had gotten the crap beaten out of them, and not in the usual way. You just didn't do that to people! Beat them up, sure! It was a time-honored tradition! But this thing was going too far! It didn't play by the rules. You just don't break the rules like that!

And through the whole thing, Suika had just stood there, watching everyone else try to do something. Why hadn't she moved faster? She could have saved them! But no, she had to stay frozen like a big, stupid rock.

Well, the time had come to fix all that. Suika reached the edge of the hole and looked in. At the bottom, the evil shadow person was standing over the doctor lady. The doctor lady looked kinda dead, which meant the evil shadow person was now a murderer.

Suika could think of only one thing to do to murderers. Her eyes red with fury, she reached down with one gigantic hand, intending to twist the little monster's head right off.

The evil shadow person didn't even so much as look at her. Instead, moving so fast it was almost a blur, she snatched up her black sword thing from the ground and jabbed it into Suika's palm.

The pain of it was so great that for a moment Suika couldn't think. Her mind just locked up and she tumbled backward onto her rump. There was a loud crunch, signifying that she had landed on something, but she had other things to worry about now.

The shadow thingy leapt out of the hole, sword in hand. Suika bared her teeth and got ready to crush the little pipsqueak.

However, said pipsqueak didn't even bother attacking. Instead, it jumped right over her hands, pushed off of her head, and went right over her. Suika whirled in surprise, unable to understand why it hadn't wanted to fight.

But there it was, running away from her, running towards the mansion. Suika was almost insulted.

She bared her teeth and shook her fist. "Where do you think you're going, you coward!" she yelled. "Come back and-"

Something wet leaked through the bottom of her dress.

Suika's eyes went wide and she leapt to her feet, sending tremors through the ground around her. She was pretty sure she hadn't wet herself. She wasn't nearly so drunk for that to happen. But still, what else could it have been?

Then she saw the shattered remains of her gourd floating in a puddle of sake. And there, lying among the pieces, was the squished body of the sake bug it had contained. Dead.

Her heart fell in her enormous chest. Her gourd. Her most precious possession. An unending source of sake, and that made it good as family in her book. She must have landed on it when she fell back. But how could she have been so careless? It had always survived all of her fights before.

Suika reached towards its fragments with twitching fingers, but couldn't bring herself to touch them. She didn't deserve to. It had been entrusted to her, and she let it get smashed. She was now a failure as an oni. She had let her friends get hurt, and now her gourd was gone, all thanks to her stupid clumsiness. Exile was too good for her now. It was all her fault, all her…

No.

Not her fault.

It's fault.

Her breathing slowed to a steady pant as every negative emotion focused itself into a single clear conclusion. She looked up at the fleeing form of the evil shadow person. It was swinging its sword at Eientei's walls, cutting its way in.

"Not so fast, murderer,"Suika whispered as she began walking towards the mansion with slow, deliberate strides. "You and I have unfinished business."

…

You are entirely too merciful for your own good. She's not even unconscious! You should have decapitated her on your way up.

…

What?

Who are you?

Well, that sounded aggressive. Way to bite the hand that feeds you.

You forced your way into my mind without permission, something that not even the strongest empaths could do. You know my history, despite the fact that my very existence is a closely guarded secret, known only to Eientei, the scientist sisters and certain residents of the scarlet vampire's staff. You know things about my abilities that I didn't even know.

Heh, wow. That's surprisingly insightful of you. Why so lucid?

Look, who are you, and how did you get into my mind? What are you doing here?

Is this really the best time for a Q and A session? We're kinda in the middle of something here.

Answer, or I'll banish you!

Okay, okay, Jeez! Bipolar much? As for who I am, think of my as your conscience. Except instead of telling you what's "good and proper", I tell you what's smart. I'm the part of your mind that's not deluding itself with ideas of "redemption" and "acceptance". I'm the part of you that tells it as it is, that you are going to be hated by everything and everyone no matter what you do, so you might as well become what they're going to accuse you of anyway. Because you have no chance of surviving otherwise.

But…but…that doesn't even make sense!

So? Face it, sister: it doesn't really matter where I came from, because I'm all you've got. That Rumia girl is absolutely scared shitless of you. All your former friends at Eientei think you're pure nightmare fuel unleaded. Everyone else is trying to smash you into paste anyway, and if they're not now, they will as soon as word of this little scuffle gets out. I'm the only one looking out for you, so if you banish me, you're on your own. Stuck running for your life with no one but a terrified little girl who thinks your some kind of psycho-kidnapper for company. Does that sound fun to you?

…

I'm sorry, was that an answer?

What do I do now?

That's better. And now, you get to do what every great hero aspires to do someday. You get to storm the castle, fight off the guards and rescue the princess! Oh, won't that be fun!

Yeah, sure. Fun.

Oh, chin up already. It's not that bad! Once you do this, you'll never have to worry about anything ever again. Cross my heart, hope everything else on this godsforsaken wad of dust dies.

…what?

Sorry, reflex. Anyway, enough talk. Tally ho!

…

Yukari was not accustomed to losing, nor did she enjoy being manhandled. So when she finally came to her senses and realized what had happened, she was somewhat put out.

"I will kill that fucking thing!" she raged. "I will kill it, kill it, kill it, and bring it back from the dead so I can kill it some more! I will kill it so hard that it won't even be a memory anymore! I will-"

Then she noticed the many, many eyes floating through her world of borders, each of them staring at her.

"What do you morons think you're staring at?" she shouted.

All of the eyes suddenly found something else to look at.

Yukari took a deep breath and opened a portal back to the bamboo forest. With any luck, the situation was still salvageable. Unfortunately Yukari had never been much of a believer in luck.

And with good cause too. The place was a deserted mess. Just like last time she had encountered the Shadow Youkai, black clouds blotted out the sun, and what little light there was had became strangely muted. The fallout from the battle was still there, such as the pit in the ground and the hole in the side of Hourai Clinic, but other than that there was no sign of anyone, friend or foe alike.

Yukari's insides went sour, but she forced herself to investigate. Reimu, that's right. The young shrine maiden had been tossed into the Bamboo Forest. That was probably the best place to start. After that, she could get to work piecing the rest of the team together.

Yukari floated into the patch of forest where Reimu had been thrown. The path that her hurtling body had made was still fresh, with several bamboo stalks snapped in half. "Reimu!" Yukari called as she followed the trail. "Are you all right? Reimu!"

Then she saw her. The shrine maiden was on her side at the foot of several stalks that apparently been too tough to break. Her clothing was ripped, the bow she usually wore was missing from her hair and she was covered with cuts and scratches. Worst of all, her left foot and part of her shin was a dark shade of purple, almost black in some places. Yukari swallowed. It was the taint. She had seen it enough times to recognize it, and had actually suffered from it herself.

Reimu wasn't moving, but she was still breathing. Her breath was shallow, but at least she was alive. Yukari dropped to her side and gently took Reimu's head in her hands and laid in on her lap.

"Oh Reimu," she muttered as she gently stroked the girl's smudged face. "If only you know…how completely ridiculous you look right now."

Reimu cracked one eye open to glare at her. "Wow, thanks for the sympathy, dumbass," she mumbled.

Yukari smiled wryly, not letting the relief she felt show on her face. "The mighty Reimu Hakurei, taken out by a single youkai. Oh, just wait until I tell everyone. No one will ever be able to take you seriously again."

"Shaddup."

With Yukari's help, Reimu pulled herself up to a sitting position. She winced and said, "What's up with my foot, frostbite? I can't feel it."

"It's called the taint," Yukari explained. "Something Rumia used to do. Once she touches something living, it slowly corrupts and shuts down."

Reimu's eyes widened. "Seriously? She killed my foot?"

"It's not permanent. I had a nasty case of it myself, taken from our last encounter. Covered my entire right arm and part of my shoulder. But it stops spreading once she releases you and will eventually go away."

"Yeah? And how long does that take?"

"Depends on the size." Yukari tilted her head as she examined Reimu's foot. "Yours doesn't look that bad. I give it about four days until you'll be a hundred percent again."

"Four days," Reimu groaned. She sighed heavily. "You know, this incident is becoming a lot harder than you said it would."

Yukari frowned. "So I've noticed." She shook her head. "Look, just wait here. I'm going to try to find the rest of the group."

"What, with that thing on the loose? Fat chance!" Reimu tried to straighten up but fell back with a gasp of pain.

Yukari frowned as she felt Reimu's side. "Looks like you've got some broken ribs there. You're in no shape to be going anywhere."

"Yeah? And how about you? Looks like something torched your midriff there, or that just some daring new fashion?"

"Hush. Wait here until I get back. And by the gods if you move I will knock you out!"

Reimu glowered but she complied. Yukari left her to head back to Eientei. First order of business would be to find Eirin. A doctor would sure be handy right about now. Plus, she seemed to have some idea as to why the Shadow Youkai was suddenly so strong. After that, she should probably also find out what happened to Suika. They could use her strength in the coming rematch. Also, Yukari couldn't but feel just a little concerned for the oni. Suika could handle herself just fine, but impulse control was not one of her stronger points.

And she supposed she might as well find out where those witches had landed, if for no other reason than to make Reimu happy.

The mansion would probably be the best place to start, mainly because of the hole torn out of one of the walls. Well, at least it now matched the clinic.

On her way over, Yukari glanced in the pit by chance and froze in midair. Eirin was lying in a crumpled heap at the bottom. Her condition made Reimu look the absolute picture of health. Her face looked like it had been smashed in with a brick and there were the telltale signs of the taint on her nose, cheeks, collarbone and right foot.

Yukari was down in the pit in an instant. A quick inspection confirmed that she was alive, but just barely. Considering what Rumia used to do to her victims, this was downright merciful. Still, she would be gone in less than an hour if nothing was done.

Yukari wasn't usually the altruistic type, but they needed Eirin alive. Fortunately, despite not being a healer, she had somewhat of an advantage in this situation. On paper, her power of border manipulation didn't seem all the great, but with a little creativity it could work wonders. And she had had several millennia to learn how to be creative.

She placed one hand on Eirin's swollen forehead and concentrated. Her mind steadied itself away and dove deep into the doctor's psyche, searching for her consciousness. She found it, but it was slipping away fast.

Well, first order of business would be to ensure that it slipped no farther. Yukari reached even deeper until she found that great fissure, the border between life and death. In her mind, it appeared as a shining light-filled crack in a sky of black. She had to admit, the warmth it was emitting was very appealing. Of course, it had been designed that way.

"Come forward, weary soul," she heard a soft voice whisper. "Come forward and lay your…Oh, hell. It's you again, isn't it?"

Back at her body, Yukari smiled. "Hello dear. Fancy seeing you here."

"Cut the crap, Yukari," the voice snapped back. "What are you doing here anyway? And don't tell me you're dying. I'll probably die before you do. No, wait, let me guess: you're about to get in the way of my job again, aren't you?"

"So it would seem."

"Godsdamn it, Yukari! Look, I'm in enough trouble as it is. Shiki's been riding my ass all week long, and I'm trying to score some points here. So I don't need you gumming up the works, all right?"

"Ah, I'm sorry. But I'm afraid I must. Call of duty and all that."

"Of course you must," the voice said sulkily. "But when the call of duty means the little guy gets screwed…"

"Look, I'll speak to the Yamaxanadu for you. You don't have to worry."

"Like that'll save me from a lecture. Look, if you're going to do it, do it. I've wasted enough time here already."

"Aw, you're a peach. Thanks!"

"Don't mention it. Ever." And with that, it was gone.

Yukari finished sealing off the border between life and death, preventing Eirin from slipping completely out of reach. Then she started moving backward, coaxing Eirin's spirit closer and closer to wakefulness. It wasn't a perfect solution and it wouldn't fix the damage done to her body, but it would ensure that she wouldn't be slipping off into oblivion before she could get real help.

Finally, she sealed off the border between consciousness and unconsciousness. Eirin's body twitched, and her swollen eyes opened. 1050625

"Ughugh," she muttered. "Whuh hawppened?"

"I just brought you back from near-death. No need to thank me. It was my pleasure.

Eirin scowled at her. Then she tried to sit up.

Yukari pushed her back down, though she did so gently. "Nuh-uh, not so fast. You're in no condition to go anyway, and I need some fast answers. You said that thing wasn't the Shadow Youkai, and after careful deliberation," she indicated the stinging burn on her torso, "I'm inclined to believe you. But I still need to know what I'm dealing with."

Eirin sighed. "Long story," she said. Her voice was starting to clear up, but it was still weak.

"Give me the abbreviated version then. What can it do?"

"Adapt to and absorb most attacks. Can also…" she started coughing. Yukari waited for it to stop.

"…can also apparently redirect attacks back at their source. That one's new though. Didn't know about it until the witches got shot."

"So it's nigh indestructible."

"Near enough. Not completely though. A big enough blast has a chance, as does blowing it up from the inside."

Yukari quirked an eyebrow. She could only imagine how they had found that out. "Okay, and how exactly does it have the same abilities as the Shadow Youkai?"

"She can…" she coughed "…she can envelop and devour people. Doing so will give her access to their full power and memories. Guess the Shadow Youkai was her first meal."

The implications of what she had just been told sank into Yukari's mind like a piece of burning pitch, but there wasn't time to panic now. "Witnesses claim that they saw Rum…the Shadow Youkai being swallowed and dissolved by a large transparent blob."

Eirin sighed, though it came out as more of a groan. "That'd be her."

So, something with the strength of the Shadow Youkai coupled with near invulnerability. Yukari was starting to think that she was in over her head in this one. And if things were so bad that she would even entertain that thought, than that meant the situation was about as dire as it could be.

"All right," she said. Her words were a carefully controlled monotone, masking the uneasiness she was starting to feel. "I'll take you to my place, and then I'm going to go find the rest of my friends, and we'll see what we can do about this mess. When I get back, I expect a full report on what this thing is. And I mean everything: strengths, weaknesses, origins, personal habits, secret crush list, everything. Got it?"

Eirin nodded weakly, but then she frowned. "Wait," she said, and then with more urgency, "Wait!"

"What?"

Eirin suddenly lunged forward, grabbing Yukari by the sleeve. "Kaguya, I had the guard sneak her out the back. But Rin's sure to track them down! Please, you have to take me too her! I can't let Rin get the Princess!"

"Whoa, hold on! First of all, who the hell is-"

Eirin growled in frustration. "Rin is the monster's name, okay?"

"Fine. You can explain that later too. But what makes you think I'm going to risk my life to save your princess? I mean, loyalty is loyalty, but this-"

"Idiot!" Eirin spat. "It's a monster who can absorb people and steal their abilities! What do you think will happen if it takes Kaguya?"

With a shock, Yukari realized that the injured doctor was absolutely right. If this Rin could do as Eirin said (and there really was no reason to doubt her word) and it managed to devour Kaguya, then they would be dealing with a creature that had Kaguya's immortality and Rumia's pure annihilating force, with this "Rin's" super adaptability.

Yukari was accustomed to putting down threats, even ones that were similarly unkillable. But at least those weren't fanatically dedicated to absolute genocide. If this thing had Rumia's Shadow Youkai abilities, than there was a good bet it's…distasteful outlook on life would pop up as well. Despite the fact that Rumia's memories had been wiped and her personality reset, Yukari had found that it's safer to assume the worst in such situations.

A small moan escaped Yukari's lips. Exactly when and how did this day get so wrong?

Well, best start working on fixing it. First order of business would be to get an update from Ran. She pulled her cell phone from her dress. Fortunately, it was undamaged. Then her eyes narrowed as she examined the screen. Huh, it seemed that she had missed a call.

Unfortunately, she had no time to ponder the problem further. A thunderous bellow of rage tore from Eientei, followed by the sound of something smashing into something else. Well, at least she now knew where Suika was.

…

Did I not tell you to kill the oni? Now look what's happened.

I know, I know, I'm dealing with it!

You're actually dealing with the fact that your head's now flatter than a-

You know, for a hallucination you're awfully pushy.

…

Suika had to admit, she did feel a little better now, but not enough by far.

She had managed to take the evil shadow person by surprise (how, she had no idea) when she smashed through the mansion's wall and barreled right into the disgusting thing. It had tried to stab her again, so she had snatched up a piece of wreckage and threw it at the monster's head. Then she had stomped on it. Repeatedly.

It had stopped moving about that point. Suika was almost disappointed. Still, she wasn't here to have fun, she was here to smash. And things were easier to smash when they lay still.

She turned and bent down to wrench a large piece of the wooden floor loose. Then, turning back to where the monster lay, ready to batter it to a pulp.

It wasn't there.

The oni's eyes narrowed as she searched the corridor. Well, it was certainly fast. But speed alone wasn't going to save it from her wrath.

Still holding her weaponized segment of floor, Suika went hunting. She was going to find it even if she had to tear the whole mansion apart with her bare hands. And from the look of things, she was already off to a good start.

…

She's going to kill us!

No she's not. Stop whimpering.

Yes she will! She smashed my head like a piece of fruit! And now she'll-

You survived getting blown apart, you can survive whatever she can dish out.

But I…

Do you want me to take over? Because I will if I have to.

…you can do that?

I don't know. Shall we find out?

No!

Then shut up and listen to me! She's strong, but you are much, much faster than she is. Plus, she can't even touch you without hurting herself. And you can mold your body to fit into tight cracks, yes?

Um, for a little while. But it's hard maintain a constant-

Okay, I get it, shut up. Now listen, this is what we're going to do…
"Are you sure this is a good idea?" the recently promoted Utada asked for what had to be the ninth time since they had left Eientei.

Tewi did her best to ignore her and kept flying forward. Just because Eirin had decided to bump the girl up a rank didn't meant she had acquired pester privileges. All around them, the various members of Eientei's staff surrounded them in tight formation: the Guard forming the perimeter while those whose jobs were more practical in nature kept closer to the center. At the center itself, as protected as she was going to be, was the Princess.

Unfortunately she wasn't there willingly. Both her hands and feet were bound securely to her body and an all-concealing mask, usually reserved for prisoners, was covering her head. Four lengths of rope stretched out from her trussed up body to four of the most experienced of the Guard, who were looking all kinds of uncomfortable. Tewi honestly couldn't blame them. Overpowering and tying up the Princess against her will went against their very basic nature. But in the end, her safety came first. And considering the situation, if she was bound and determined to go anywhere near Rin Satsuki, it was their solemn duty do anything and everything to prevent that. Tewi just hoped that Kaguya won't hate them for any longer than a decade. Reisen's moping wasn't helping either. Though she was now following without being needed to be dragged along, she had been in a sort of daze ever since Ran had dropped the bombshell that her pet lunatic had gotten out of its cage. Now that was just plain typical.

And to top it off, they were on their own for this one. As soon as the Princess had been…subdued, Yukari's Shikigami had left them.

"Tewi?" Utada persisted. "Are you sure-"

Tewi's already thin patience snapped. "No, dimwit, no I'm not!" she barked. "This whole thing was Ran and Eirin's stupid idea, so I'm not sure about anything. All I know is that if we don't do it, we'll be down one princess and up one immortal bunny-eating psychopath. So leave me alone already!"

"Okay, okay!" Utada said, holding her hands up defensively. "I'm just worried, that's all!"

Tewi heaved a sigh. "Yeah, me too."

They continued in silence. Or at least, Tewi and Utada did. All around them, the staff muttered and whispered to one another. Tewi caught brief snippets of the conversations happening around her. Although the speakers and words were different, subject matter was more-or-less the same. They were screwed if Rin caught up to them, and they were screwed if she didn't. A few were wondering if Remilia Scarlet was hiring. Tewi's first impulse was to berate them, but truth be told, she had started to wonder how she would look in a maid's outfit herself.

That was when one voice rose above the others. For one thing, it was shouting while the others kept their tones hushed. For another, it didn't sound much like a rabbit. And finally, it was from someone coming towards their caravan.

Tewi blinked and looked in the voice's direction. A white-and-blue blur was flying up from the forest towards them. Not wanting to take chances, Tewi motioned for the nearest Guard to take aim.

It was then that Reisen decided to snap back into reality. "Wait!" she shouted, right into Tewi's ear.

Tewi flinched at the sudden loudness. "What? Why?"

"We know that girl!"

Tewi looked again and her heart fell. They did indeed know that girl. She had caused all kinds of trouble for them back during the flower incident. And not out of maliciousness either. No, she had gotten into both their ways through simple stupidity and recklessness. Things had turned out all right in the end, but by the gods she had been annoying! Tewi had left that situation hoping they would never have to deal with the idiotic ice fairy again.

Tewi dropped down to a few feet above the treetops to meet her, Reisen following close behind. Tewi scowled at the small girl. "What," she snarled, "the hell do you want?"

Cirno's day looked like it had been just as bad as theirs. Her clothing was torn and singed at the edges and her skin was filthy and covered with purples bruises. The girl herself was covered with dirt and had small twigs and leaves stuck in her hair. Small cracks ran through her crystalline wings. However, none of this seemed to register to the fairy herself. Her eyes were wide with nervous energy and she was shaking from the exertion of having pushed herself despite her condition. And from the look of things, she fully intended to keep pushing herself until she collapsed.

"Please…you gotta help me…" the ice fairy panted. "Need to…find Reimu…where is she?"

"Reimu?" Tewi and Reisen exchanged a look. "Reimu Hakurei? The shrine maiden?"

Cirno squeezed her little hands into fists and yelled in frustration. "Yes! Her! Where is she?"

Tewi scowled. "Haven't seen her, don't know anyone who has. Now go away. We're kind in the middle of something important here."

She turned away, but then the ice fairy lunged forward to grab her by the sleeve. Immediately the surrounding Guard snapped into position, right arms extended, left hand seizing their right bicep.

"Hold it!" Tewi shouted. "You wanna shoot me full of holes too?"

She grabbed Cirno by the head and pushed her off. As she did so, she was struck by how easy it was. The little fairy seemed to be flying on her final reserves of strength.

"Look fairy, you want Reimu, go find her yourself," Tewi said. "We're dealing with our own problems here."

Cirno, unfortunately, would not be deterred. "What about Marisa Kirisame then? I saw them all heading into the forest!"

Reimu and Marisa, heading into the Bamboo Forest of the Lost? If so, the pair must've gotten wind of the situation. Finally, Tewi began to feel some hope. Those two practically solved incidents such as these as a career. Maybe with them on the case, they had a shot.

Still, she shook her head. "Sorry, haven't seen her eith-"

"Yukari Yakumo then! What about Yukari?"

Tewi raised her eyebrows. She shot a glance at Reisen.

"Um, her Shikigami's at Eientei," Reisen said. "I think she said something about Yukari heading that way."

Cirno shuddered with relief. "Finally. Thank you! Which way's Enema?"

"Eientei. And it's that way. But I don't think you-"

"Okaythanksbye!"

Cirno dove back into the forest and was gone.

Tewi clouted Reisen over the head. "Idiot! Why'd you send her there for? She'll get eaten or caught in the crossfire!"

Reisen returned the blow. "Hey, I tried to tell her, but she took off before I finished!"

Tewi groaned and regained altitude to join the main group. Whatever, they had no time to worry about suicidal fairies now. Their only objective now was to get Kaguya as far as away from Eientei and safely to the Scarlet Devil Mansion. Still, it took an actual conscious effort to avoid thinking of those still at the battlefield. Despite the fact that it had occurred several decades ago, memories of Rin's first rampage were still fresh in her mind, and she could only imagine how Reisen was feeling.

There was no going back though. Tewi could only keep the caravan moving forward and pray to anyone listening that those back at Eientei would be able to escape safely.

…

As the only known clinic open to youkai and humans alike, Hourai Clinic was often a bustling place, with Eirin's miniature army of rabbits running to and fro, seeing to the needs of the injured. Spellcard rules tended to be only loosely enforced in the more savage corners of Gensokyo, and even when they were the users tended to be rather rough on one another. And then there were all those wonderful pills…

Not today though. Even before everything had gone to hell, things had slowed to a veritable crawl, and most of the staff had wandered off to find something else to keep themselves occupied. But now that the place had been deserted in the wake of Rin Satsuki's attack, the emptiness of the bamboo-paneled corridors and still sterile rooms was positively eerie. If it weren't for the sounds of battle erupting from the outside, you could hear a feather drop from the opposite side. It gave the whole place a distinct haunted feel, one that Ran, even with her attention occupied with the situation at hand, couldn't help but notice.

She had left the rabbits soon after they had pinned Kaguya down and bound her up. Tewi seemed to have things well in hand, and Ran's place was here, assisting her master any way she could. Plus, there was no way she was going to leave Chen.

And that was the problem. Since Chen had been thoroughly sedated when this Rin person had arrived in the waiting room, Ran had taken the liberty of stashing the unconscious catgirl in the janitor's closet. Not the safest place perhaps, but it was the best she could do in a pinch.

However, now that she had managed to break away and return for her Shikigami, Ran was facing a most worrying problem. Chen was gone. The bindings were still there; handcuffs, bandages and ball gag, all lying in a small pile among the buckets and spray bottles. But the catgirl herself was conspicuously missing.

Ran felt a moan of despair threaten to rise up. It was bad enough that some sort of people absorbing monster had to appear toting the powers of the Shadow freaking Youkai, but now her Chen had vanished. Normally this would be annoying in a amusing sort of way (or was it the other way around?), but for it to happen now meant that Ran had to make an actual effort to banish pictures of Chen being skewered on the Shadow Youkai's sword, or being swallowed up by that Rin person.

And to top it off, Yukari had absolutely failed to answer her phone when Ran had tried to contact her with an update on their enemy's abilities. That in itself was almost panic-worthy. Unless she was asleep (which she was for an irritating amount of the time), Yukari always answered the phone. Ran didn't want to think of something that would prevent her from gaining knowledge that might just be vital to her survival.

"Um, excuse me?" a confused voice said from nearby.

Ran turned to see that she had been joined by a fairy. The blond girl was dressed in one of Eirin's hideous looking hospital gowns (further proof of the Lunarian's barely repressed sadism) and had various body parts bandaged up. Her face was also sporting several purple bruises.

Ran's eyes actually widened in surprise. With everything that was going on, they had completely forgotten the clinic's other patient.

"I'm sorry, but is something wrong?" asked Lily White. "I woke up and everybody was gone."

Ran sighed. She didn't need this. "Wrong? Yeah, I'd say there is. We're under attack."

Lily made an odd sort of hiccupping gasp. "Attack? From what? Marisa?"

"The witch? No, it's not Marisa, it's, uh…" Ran wondered exactly how to explain an unholy union between a life destroying abomination and a cannibalistic science experiment gone wrong without being barraged with endless questions. "…demon," she said lamely. "Evil…demon…thing."

"From Makai?"

"…sure, why not?"

Lily grabbed Ran by the sleeve. "Then what are we waiting for? Let's get-"

The sound of electric guitars filled the hall. Lily yelped in alarm and darted into the janitor's closet, slamming the door shut. Ran didn't care. She was just relieved that Yukari seemed to be back on the board.

She flipped out her phone. "Master? Is that you?"

"Who else?" Yukari snapped. "What the hell is going on?"

Ran glanced around nervously. She lowered her voice. "Master, I think the situation is more complicated then we've been led to believe. The creature is more than just the Shadow Youkai. It's-"

"Some kind of crazy monster that eats people and steals their powers," Yukari interrupted. "Yeah, I know. Eirin just got done telling me."

Ran blinked. "Eirin? Is she okay? Kaguya seemed very worried about her."

"She's hurt, but she'll live. Now, about the princess herself, it seems that it's imperative that the monster is allowed nowhere near her. Something about stealing her immortality and thus making our job all the more difficult."

"I know. She's already been evacuated safely."

Ran could hear Yukari sighing in relief. "Good. One less headache. Okay, listen up. We just got our asses handed to us, but we're regrouping. Sort of. I need you to take Chen and get out of here."

"Um, yeah, small problem with that."

"Which is…?"

Ran sighed. "Chen's gone missing."

She could practically hear the scowl just from Yukari's voice alone. "Well, then find her and get her gone! I don't need a hyperactive catgirl gumming up the works."

"Understood, Master. I'll find her as quickly as possible."

"Good. Where are you now?"

"Hourai Clinic."

"Again, good. Stay out of the mansion. I do believe Suika's going ten rounds with our gluttonous friend in there and I would hate for you to get caught in the middle."

"…oh. Thanks."

There was a click, and the line terminated. No parting words, no goodbye, just a click.

Ran shook her head and put the phone away. Nice to know there were some constants in the universe.

Then she turned to see Lily White staring at her from behind the closet door.

"Is there someone in that box?" the fairy asked. "Like a really, really small youkai?"

"What? No, that was Yukari."

Lily's eyes went even wider. "Yukari Yakumo's in that box?"

"What? No! It's…" Ran groaned. Out of all the things she had time for, explaining the mechanics behind cell phones to a beaten and bruised fairy was not one of them. "It's magic. It lets me talk to her from far away."

"Oh. Okay." And with that, Lily's interest seemed to wane. Then again, to a fairy, something like magic boxes would seem commonplace.

"Now by any chance, have you seen a cat youkai anywhere?" Ran asked. It was a long shot, but she might as well ask. "About yay tall," she said, holding her hand a few feet above the ground. "Red dress, short brown hair and two tails?"

Lily frowned. She stepped out of the closet. "Uh, yeah actually."

Ran blinked. Hope flickered alive. "Really?" she said, trying not to sound too eager. "Where?"

"She's what woke me up with her yelling. I saw her running past my room when I went out the door."

Finally, some good news. Ran breathed a sigh of relief. "Oh, thank whatever god's on shift. Which way did she go?"

Lily just shrugged. "I only caught a glimpse of her. She could be anywhere by now."

"Do you know if she was heading for the mansion?"

"Dunno. Didn't see."

Ran's left eyelid twitched. "Well then," she said in as calm a voice as she could muster. "Would you mind helping me search?"

Lily opened her mouth, presumably to refuse, but she caught the look in Ran's eye and changed her answer to "Uh…sure, why not?"

…

Given her constant state of drunkenness, Suika had become long accustomed to entertaining various voices in her head, and now was no exception. At the moment, one worried-sounding voice was noting that the enraged oni was doing a considerable amount of damage to the house and the Moon Lady would probably be mad at her. Another was concerned that the palm where she had gotten stabbed was losing all feeling and she should probably find out why. Yet another was pointing out that Suika's friends were still hurt and could probably use help. And finally, a fourth made the case that the Moon Lady was really rich and could afford to fix all damages, that the palm problem could wait for later, Suika's friends were really tough and could handle themselves, and finally that she should probably find the evil shadow person and hit it until it stopped being fun.

After carefully listening to their arguments and weighing their points, Suika came to the conclusion that the fourth voice was making the most sense.

She didn't even bother slowing down as she walked right through a wall into the room beyond. Flimsy material. What was it, paper? The room itself seemed to be a sitting room, with cushioned furniture made of some kind of dark wood surrounding a fire pit in the center. Shelves full of books and expensive-looking china lines the walls.

That is, that's what it was when she entered. Five seconds and three swipes of her mighty arms later, it more resembled a lumber yard.

"Where are you, you gutless little worm?" Suika screeched. She lifted up a couch, snapped it in two, and hurled one half through one wall and the other through the opposite. "Show yourself!"

No response. Suika growled and marched forward. How big was this place anyway? She was reasonably certain she had already demolished enough rooms to fill two average sized houses. Well, maybe one and a half.

She seized up a heavy piece of timber and heaved it over her head. It tore its way though one of the nearby walls. From the room on the other side came the sound of snapping wood and breaking glass. Now it was two houses' worth. Still, the evil shadow person, who henceforth shall be known in her mind as the ESP, had yet to show herself.

Growling, Suika stomped into the newly opened room, ready to tear yet another several thousand yen's worth of furnishings to pieces.

If she had the presence of mind to look over her shoulder, she might have noticed the indistinct figure of writhing darkness, skittering spider-like along the walls and ceiling, shadowing every move the oni made.

…

So…what do I do now?

Seriously?

Um…

Dear gods, you are thick. Get above the oni's head, wait for her to look up, and drop down on her.

…and then what?

Well, what do you think? Stab out her eyes.

…

Suika heard the faintest rustle of movement above her, barely more than a whisper. She glanced up.

The oni had just enough time to register a black shape moving directly over her before it released its hold on the ceiling and swooped down on her.

…

Do it now! Don't hesitate, do it now!

…

Suika roared in pain and clutched at her face. Ice and fire spread over her forehead, freezing all feeling in some parts while burning others.

She thrashed blindly, hoping to hit something. Instead, something twisted around her horns and yanked her headfirst into the floor.

…

Okay, just so we're clear, running over her forehead, grabbing her horns and throwing her down is a far cry from stabbing her in the eyes. You do know this, right?

…yes…

Gah, this is getting disappointing. I get one rage-driven bout of nonlethal force and now all you can manage are a handful of martial arts tricks?

Sorry.

Sure you are. Okay, last chance. If you're so concerned about hurting her, then just stab her through the brain before she gets up. Quick, painless, done.

But-

I do not care. Do it.

…

Suika braced herself against the floor and pushed herself up enough to glare through hazy eyes. The ESP was standing some feet away, sword loosely clutched in one hand and burning eyes watching the struggling oni with an unreadable expression.

Suika couldn't help but wonder why she was still alive. Certainly she wasn't complaining, but the ESP had her dead to rights. Instead, it had settled for just knocking her down and...

She felt her tingling scalp and winced. The thing's footsteps had left cold patches of numbness across her forehead, similar to that on her palm. Speaking of which, the stab wound had turned a nasty shade of black and purple which spread through both sides of her hand. Her fingers had ceased to move altogether.

Suika was starting to come to conclusion that touching the ESP with bare skin was probably a bad idea. But that was fine. She could adapt.

That was when the ESP took a page out of Suika's book and seized up a piece of broken lumber. Quick as a striking snake, it bolted forward and smashed it across Suika's face, the force of which physically lifted her off the ground and sent her careening backwards into one of the adjoining rooms.

…

Oh, come on! It's an oni, for crying out loud! What are you trying to do, massage her?

But it worked! It knocked her back!

So you took her off guard. Big deal. She'll be up in a second anyway.

I'm trying! I just don't think we have to kill her, that's all.

Really? Are you serious here?

Well, yeah! I mean-

That's it, you are officially an idiot. Kid, you are on your own. Have fun with your new friends.

What? Wait, don't! You can't leave!

…

Hello?

…

Judging by the thick clouds of steam that were billowing around her, the ESP had knocked her into a sauna or a bathhouse. Suika had to admit, the thing was strong.

She sat up and felt her forehead. Not strong enough to bruise though. Numb spots aside, it was barely even tender.

The need to avoid physical contact was a problem though. As big as this place was, there were only so many pieces of furniture and chunks of wall she could throw at the ESP. She preferred fist-to-fist combat anyway, and being deprived of her element was aggravating.

That's when her eyes narrowed and she studied the room around her. The wheels in her head began to turn.

There were several towels lying folded up in cubbyholes set in the walls, some of them full body. Suika snatched several and, using her good hand and teeth, managed to wrap up her numb hand and attached arm. Then, more slowly this time, did the same to the other.

She flexed her good hand and took a few practice swings. She nodded in satisfaction. Then she turned her attention back to the room where the ESP waited.

No doubt about it, it was clobbering time.

With a challenging roar, Suika burst from the room. She was expecting the ESP to dodge out of the way, but to her surprise it stood perfectly still, allowing her to connect with a solid punch that it flying through three consecutive walls.

Suika wasn't about to let it recover. She followed the hurtling monster and, just as it finally came to a tumbling stomp, began hammering down on it, clenched fisted blows with her good hand and vicious backhands with her bad one.

In her rage induced haze, it took her a moment to realize that the ESP was no longer there that and she had dug through the floor and was now burrowing through the building's foundation with her fists.

Suika forced herself to stop. Panting, she surveyed the room around her. Aside from herself and some truly interesting sculptures of Reisen Udongein that could only be described as "scandalous," the room was empty.

Suddenly a twisting rope of darkness shot up from between two of the floor slats. It wrapped around Suika's towel-covered right arm. Suika roared and tried to pull away, but as she did so another black rope seized her left arm.

Then the floor seemed to explode with dark ropes, like the tentacles of some eldritch abomination summoned from the depths. They coiled themselves around Suika's waist, horns and chest, holding her in place. Even though none of them actually touched her skin, she could still feel the deadly ice of their touch through the few layers of fabric. Suika bellowed and thrashed about, tearing several of the ropes in the process. But for every one she ripped in half, three more appeared to replace it.

Finally, physically exhausted and emotionally burnt out, Suika collapsed to her knees. She panted heavily, sucking in desperate gulps of oxygen.

A shadow appeared in the upper part of her peripheral vision. Suika squinted through blurry eyes. The ESP stood over her, sword held in one hand while the other seemed to elongate and disappear into the floor, likely the source of the ropes.

Suika bared her teeth. "So, gonna finish me off now, huh? Just chop off my head?" The oni gathered her will and forced herself to her feet. "Well, go ahead, monster. But don't expect me to make it easy for you."

The ESP's eyes narrowed. It took one step forward. Then it staggered, needing to brace the tip of its sword against the ground to keep on its feet. Suika allowed herself a bitter smile of satisfaction. So, she had managed to hurt it after all.

Then, for the first time that Suika could remember, it spoke. "You idiot, I don't want to kill you! You guys jumped me! I'm just trying to defend myself!"

Suika spat. "Sure, and I suppose you were just having a friendly talk with the Moon Doctor Lady, huh?"

"Yes! And then you came the heck out of nowhere and attacked me! What did I ever do to you?"

In the air behind the ESP, a tear opened up. Suika's massive heart leapt when she saw Yukari step into the room. The ancient youkai's eyes widened when she saw the situation. She raised a finger to her lips. Suika blinked and nodded once.

"You? Like we'd need a reason to beat the crap out of you!" Suika snapped. "I mean, look at you! Who wouldn't want to smash you flat?"

The ropes wrapped around her tightened. Good, it was getting angry. Which meant it wouldn't be looking over its shoulder any time soon. Which was fortunate, as Yukari raised a single hand. Orbs of different size and color began circling the air over her palm.

"I don't know why I bother," the ESP muttered. "Maybe the scary voice is right. Maybe I should just kill you all."

The orbs flew from Yukari's hand to hover behind the ESP. Yukari nodded to Suika and mouthed "Now."

Suika's body tensed. "Yeah, slight problem with that."

"What's that?"

"You're about to find out. Goodbye!"

Before the ESP could react, Suika shrank herself down until she was about a foot tall. The sudden loss of size allowed her to slip free from the ropes grasp. They convulsed in surprise and tried to grab for her again, but she ducked the thrashing vines and scrambled out of the hole.

Just as she did, Yukari snapped her fingers. One of the orbs shot forward to impact against the back of the ESP's head, causing it to stagger forward. Before it could recover, another hit it in the side, followed by another to the back.

It tried to catch the orbs before they struck, but they were too fast, even for it. The ESP was battered back and forth like a puppets swinging on its strings.

Suika grinned. Finally they were making some headway. She returned to her normal size and extended her good hand.

Yukari noticed what she was doing. "Wait, Suika! Don't-"

Too late. Suika unleashed three blasts that struck the ESP in its head, chest and stomach. As it was already off balance from Yukari's attack, this sent it tumbling head-over-heels to crash into the far wall.

Suika whooped in delight and pressed her attack, sending burst after burst at the thing. Shoulda done this from the beginning, she thought as she pummeled the evil thing with bullets. Behind her, Yukari was yelling something, but Suika didn't pay attention. Now was shooty time. Talky time could come later.

"Okay, that's enough!"

Someone grabbed Suika by the arm and jerked her back. Surprised, Suika looked up to see Yukari glaring at her. "Didn't you hear me? I said stop!"

Suika blinked up at her. She was not used to having brawl-time interrupted by friends. "What? Why? We've got it on the run!"

"That's the point, idiot! It absorbs bullet energy! Keep shooting with the same kind and it'll adapt!"

"It will?" Suika turned to look at the ESP. Sure enough, as it stumbled to its feet the bullets she had shot were sinking into its body.

Then it turned to look at them. Suika braced herself, but instead of attacking it began to shiver. Then its body lost form and slipped between the floor slats.

Suika and Yukari stared at where it had disappeared. Then they looked at each other.

"Um, oops?" Suika blushed.

Yukari sighed. "Never mind. Let's just find it before it gets away."

Suika nodded her horned head. She took one step forward and then her eyes rolled back into her head. The world turned dark and she fell into unconsciousness.

…

Hello? You there? I changed my mind! Hello?

As Rin slithered her way through Eientei's foundations, she tried time and time again to contact the voice that claimed to represent her darker self. While the voice's claim seemed unlikely, she had to admit it did know more about fighting than she did. And at the moment, she could use all the help she could get, even if the things it told her to do made her insides squirm.

Still, there was no denying that she was hating herself for going trying to go to the voice for help. Okay, so maybe she had made more than her share of mistakes, but she was no killer! It was that part that made her disbelieve the idea that the voice was actually a part of her mind.

Of course, she might be wrong. Of course, she might be completely insane. It wasn't out of the realm of possibility.

But in the end, she supposed it was a moot point anyway. The voice, whatever it was, wasn't answering. She searched every corner of her mind, and the only presence other than herself was Rumia's, which still hovered confused and afraid in the corner Rin had sent her. Yet another thing Rin hated herself for. After spending what felt like eternity by herself in the dark, who was she to condemn Rumia to the same fate?

But in the end, what could she do? Trying to defend herself and deal with the terrified little youkai at the same time was beyond her capabilities. She was barely holding it together at it was. That oni alone had come this close to beating her into submission, and that was with Rumia's amazing raw power coupled with her own adaptive abilities.

Rumia's power. She would have to ask her about that. There was nothing in the youkai's memories to indicate that she was aware of how much she was capable of. That in itself was very odd.

Ah, she didn't have time for this. Everything was falling apart. Her meeting with Eirin had ended with her being lied to and betrayed, her plan to get back at the doctor by absorbing the princess was a complete failure, and now she had some very dangerous people after her blood. It was time to get the hell out of there and find a place to hide. She could worry about apologizing to Rumia later.

Soon the consistency of the ground she was traveling through changed from wood and concrete to loose soil. She was outside. Good. Maintaining an amoebic shape was exhausting. Rin pulled her body to the surface. With a bit of mental will, she released a little of her control over the energies she controlled, allowing her body to resume Rumia's shape.

The outside still looked deserted. The oni and the youkai Rumia was so afraid of were probably still inside. And the others apparently had yet to rejoin the game. Good.

Rin hovered off the ground, intending to disappear into the forest. Then someone spoke.

"'Sup?"

Rin turned and her heart fell. Standing there were the witch and the ghost that had tried to fry her earlier. They were dirty, they were bruised (well, the witch was at least. Ghosts did have that whole incorporeal thing going for them), but they were upright and they looked pissed.

And, if for no other reason than to add insult to injury, Eirin sat behind them, back up against Eientei's wall. She was still hurt but conscious. Her eyes glared out from between swollen lids.

"So," the witch said. "Eirin here tells us that you can get used to and absorb shit. Nice trick, ze."

The ghost nodded. "Indeed. But I must admit, we're curious: how well would you fair if we switched spells every, oh let's say, two and a half seconds? Could you adapt to that?"

The witch grinned. She lifted a single fist, which began glowing with barely repressed force. "And just to let you know, between the two of us, we have over seven thousand and four hundred thirty-eight types of offensive spells. So what do you say, Smokey? Ready for round two?"

Rin tried to prepare herself for another onslaught, but then things got very, very loud.

…

One hour later…

Yukari had to admit, the whole operation had turned out to be much more difficult than she had originally anticipated. Of course, she had known that having to deal with the Shadow Youkai once again wasn't going to be fun, but with the added unknown element of Rin Satsuki had almost turned the whole thing into a disaster. But it had turned out all right at the end.

She looked around the room they were in. They were inhabiting one of Hourai Clinic's emergency rooms. Eirin and Reimu were occupying the beds. Suika was still unconscious. It took an excessive amount of punishment to knock out an oni, but from the look of things, she had suffered exactly that. She had telltale signs of the taint all over her face and covering one of her hands. But it was the open wound in her palm that was most worrying. From the look of things, some of the taint had worked its way into her bloodstream, which accounted for the unconsciousness. Yukari had spent an exhausting fifteen minutes hunting down the microscopic fragments of death and forcing them out.

However, Eirin was in even worse shape. She had been damaged almost as badly, and despite her great age and power, she simply did not have an oni's incredible stamina. If it weren't for Yukari cheating at the rules of life and death, she would have slipped away. As it was, it would be a long time before she would be at full strength.

The others weren't in great shape either. Marisa and Mima had fared the best, but still, being hit directly with their own Final Spark had roughed them up pretty badly. And Reimu…She wasn't in danger, but she had suffered a mild concussion. And she would be lame for about half a week.

Yukari grit her teeth. She wasn't usually murderous, but seeing her shrine maiden hurled through those bamboo stalks like that made her want to do questionable things to Rin Satsuki. And Suika's condition did absolutely nothing to help matters.

And then there was the fact that Eientei was more-or-less demolished from the inside. Yukari had to give Suika credit: she had done amazingly well despite having little knowledge of what she was up against. In fact, she might have solved the problem by herself, given enough time. But still, the property damage was astronomically high. Further relations with Kaguya were going to be…strained.

And to top it off, Ran was still out searching for Chen. Yukari had been seriously tempted to just tell her to forget the little nuisance until things were under control, but the last time she had done that Chen had ended up trapped in Makai, no explanation as to how. It had taken a solid week of negations with Shinki to get her released. To that end, the less time that catgirl spent wandering around during a crisis, the better.

Okay, so maybe things hadn't turned out all right. But at least they had survived and emerged somewhat victorious. In the end, that was the important thing.

As for the antagonist herself, she was receiving a little lesson on physics and acceleration. Yukari had dumped her into one of her portals, which connected to a second portal directly over the first. As such, it was a literal bottomless pit, the results of which translated into a dizzying black blur that was painful to stare at.

"So, uh, how does that work again?" Reimu asked. She was sitting in one of the chairs, with her bandaged foot propped up on a stool. "I mean, can't she just stop and hover?"

Yukari grinned. "Not the way I have it set up. They're too close together. Plus, the portals are designed to add just a smidgen of speed to her fall every time she passes through. And since they're so close together, well, in layman's terms: speedy thing goes in, even speedier thing comes out."

Marisa stopped her pacing to glare. "Yah know, you really coulda just done that from the beginning, ze. Save us a whole lot of trouble and property damage that I didn't get to take part in."

"Stop whining, little witch. Point is, it's over. We won. Now, all that's left is to decide-"

Marisa turned to face the others. "All in favor of killing the bloody psychotic risk to life and limb, say aye."

"Aye," Mima said without hesitation.

Reimu hesitated, then she looked down at her foot. She nodded. "Aye. Sorry Yukari, she's just way too dangerous."

Yukari leaned back in her seat, carefully crossing her arms over her bandaged torso. "Why are you apologizing? Aye for me too. Only problem is, I'm not seeing how we can. Ending Rumia the first time around was problematic enough, but now we're dealing with someone that can take just about anything we can dish out."

…

Oh gods, they're going to kill me. I knew this was going to happen. And Rumia too! What did she ever do to them?

Wow, tough luck. Bet you wish you had listened to me, huh?

…oh no.

…

"Speaking of which, what about Rumia?" Reimu asked. "I mean, she's still stuck in that thing. Is there any way we can get her out?"

"Are you daft?" Marisa snapped. "Have you been sleeping through that whole beat down? Even if we get her out, the ribbon thingy is gone, ze! Evil Rumia's back! Better to off them both."

Mima cleared her throat. "While the removal of the ribbon would return her to full power, we do not know if her memories would return as well. The wiping of her memory and the sealing of her power were two separate operations."

"So? I mean, no offense, Master, but is that something you really want to bet your life on? Well, erm, whatever ghostly equivalent you have, I mean."

"Hmmm, I suppose you're right."

…

Oh, this cannot end well. Poor Rumia. First you had to go eat her without permission, and now her doom is sealed as a result. Talk about a lousy day.

Please, you have to help her! I can't let her die because of me!

You mean help you?

Yes!

Even if it means killing?

Um…

You really don't have a lot of time to think about it.

…

"As much as it hurts to say so, I'm afraid I must agree with the witch," Yukari said. "It is my job to keep Gensokyo safe from threats such as this, and while Rumia could be said to be blameless in this situation, the risk is too great to allow her to wander free."

Reimu glowered. She shifted in her seat and folded her arms. "Look, I don't really care for Rumia at all, and I am glad to beat her up whenever she starts getting stupid, but I don't like the idea of killing her just because of something that might happen. Why can't we just seal up her powers again?" Her glare turned into a sneer. "Unless you've forgotten how."

Mima raised a single elegant eyebrow. "Hardly. But even if we somehow managed to extract Rumia from within that thing, and even if she has not regained memory of what she once was, and even if we somehow restrained her long enough to create another amulet of sealing, what's to prevent something else from unleashing her once again? Reimu, this isn't one of the incidents you're used to dealing with. This isn't a case of someone with too much power growing bored and causing trouble. We are talking of a potential massacre here. Maybe even genocide."

…

Things aren't looking good Rin. What's it going to be?

But I-

Look, if it's really that big of a problem, I'll do it.

…what?

Give me temporary control. I can break out of this thing for you. Hell, I'll even keep it clean if that bothers you. Just long enough to get us out of here.

…

"I don't know, I just refuse to accept that an execution is the only option," Reimu said. "This Satsuki person? Okay, that I'll give you. But Rumia, the Rumia we know, she didn't do anything. I hate to say this, but the annoying little twerp is a victim here."

Marisa glared at the shrine maiden. "Okay, are we forgetting where she tried to eat us once? Imagine if she suddenly started packing the sort of juice that just kicked our collective asses."

"And there still exists the possibility that her memories have returned," Mima murmured. "If we were to release her from Satsuki's hold, she would not hesitate to take us with her."

Reimu still looked troubled, but she didn't argue.

…

Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to honor the memory of Rumia. Taken from us because the spineless wuss who swallowed her in the first place couldn't stomach a little aggressive self defense.

All right, all right!

If only there had been someone willing to go the extra mile to defend her. If only there had been someone willing to stand up for the poor girl's right to survive.

I said all right already! Just get us out of here!

I knew you'd warm up to me. Now, just relax…

…

Yukari folded her hands in her lap and crossed her legs. "All well and good, but there remains the problem of how. I'm afraid that I don't have the first idea of how to-"

"Look out!"

Yukari turned to look at the eternally falling blur that was her prisoner. Her face paled when she saw the spear of twisting darkness heading towards her. Somehow, it had managed to line up a perfect shot, despite having a mere fraction of a second for its window of opportunity. Once again they had underestimated it. Once again it was going to cost them.

As quick as thought, Mima materialized behind her and yanked her out of the way; turning what would have been an impaling blow into a grazing one. The spear tore across her midriff, slashing the bandage and sending a shock of numbing cold through her torso.

It was enough. Yukari's attention wavered, and the two portals began to collapse. As they did so, the monster separated itself into six curving rays that shot out in six different directions. Each ray landed on the floor, forming a small lump of the shimmering black material. Each lump then coagulated back together to form a single body.

The embodiment of the Shadow Youkai once again stood before them.

It cocked its head to one side. "Hello again. Now, I'd love to stay and eviscerate you all, but I'm on a bit of probation here. So I'd just leave you with something to remember me by. Until next time, ladies."

With that, it fell to one knee and slammed a taloned fist into the floor. As hand met wood, the tendrils twisting around its fingers flushed scarlet. Energy pulsed down into the ground and exploded outward. The floor itself seemed to literally surge outward in a rolling shockwave that overturned and demolished all in its path.

Suika and Eirin were tossed from their beds and nearly thrown against the wall. Reimu fell from her chair and Marisa was knocked from her feet. Yukari was quick enough to take to the air before she suffered the same fate, though the effort nearly caused her to black out. Of course Mima remained unaffected whatsoever. However, it was enough to their attention, and during that split-second of distraction the Shadow Youkai had torn its way through the wall to the hall beyond.

Yukari landed in an untidy heap. She winced as pain stabbed through her unnumbed areas, but she didn't have time to worry about now.

"Stop her," she choked out. "Don't let her get away!"

"On it," Marisa said. She hopped to her feet and extended her hand. Her broom, which had been knocked to the other side of the room, smacked against her palm. She hopped aboard and, holding down her hat with one hand, took off in pursuit.

"I'm going with her," Mima said. "I trust you'll be fine?"

Yukari nodded and winced. "Yeah, we got it. Go!"

Mima vanished without another word, presumably to cut the fugitive off from the other end.

Yukari grabbed her overturned chair and hoisted herself up. At the other end of the room, Reimu was using the wall to pull herself to a standing position, leaning all of her weight on her good foot. Suika was still lying unconscious under her bed, and Eirin was lying facedown on the floor, mumbling something incomprehensible.

Yukari sighed. She was starting to hate this day.

Reimu started hopping across the room to assist those more gravely injured than herself. "Hey Yukari?" she said.

"What?"

"The next time you want me to go help Cirno and her friends, I'm going to tape your mouth shut."

…

There, you see? Got us out, nobody died.

I guess so. Thank you.

Glad to hear it. Good luck.

Wait, what?

Did my part. You're on your own from here out, girly. Head for the outside and just keep running. Use that slithering trick if you have to.

What? No, you can't-

Bye.

No, wait!

Rin tried calling again and again, but the voice had simply disappeared. Again.

Whatever. She could worry about her evil twin (or whatever it was) later. Now she had to concentrate on survival.

And judging by the massive explosion that suddenly tore up the hall she had just left, that was going to be difficult. She wasn't sure who was after her this time, but it couldn't be good.

Rin focused all her attention to a point directly in front of her and charged forward. Wall, furniture and other obstacles barely slowed her down. Then, with a final push, she burst into open air.

The dark clouds summoned by her anger had dispersed after her painful defeat at the hands of the witch and the ghost. Now the sun was shining brightly overhead. It was almost deceptively peaceful looking. If it weren't for the telltale scars left by their battle and the wreckage of the surrounding buildings, the scene could be described as a cheerful spring day.

Of course, the fact that she was being pursued by very powerful people who wished to brutally end her life and Rumia's as well sort of dampened Rin's appreciation of her surroundings. Some first day of freedom, she thought ruefully. I was better off in that box.

Well, there was no time to worry about that now. The only thing to do was to find some far-off corner of Gensokyo to hide. And then she could worry about making things up to Rumia. And maybe see to the problem of her "imaginary friend."

Of course, given the way the day was going for everyone involved, this proved to be impractical, as Rin was soon interrupted by a flying blue-and-white missile.

…

She had made it, she had finally made it!

Despite being Master Sparked twice in two hours, flying around like her butt was on fire all day, and pushing herself far past her limits to catch up with Reimu, Cirno had finally reached the Moon Princess' mansion. Her body was shaking with exhaustion and her wings felt like they were about to crack to pieces, but she had made it!

And, wonder of wonders, the first thing she saw upon arrival was Rumia herself. She must have found a way to escape the blob. Cirno felt relief sing through her body, giving her new strength.

"Rumia!" she called as she darted towards her friend. "Oh awesomesauce, I found you!"

She tried to wrap her arms around Rumia, but to her surprise her friend recoiled. "Wait…Cirno, right? Rumia's friend? Stay away from me."

Cirno's jaw dropped. "What the hellsicles are you talking about? I came all this way to find you! What happened to your voice? Have you been smoking? And why did you paint yourself black? I know you like darkness and all, but come on!"

Rumia kept nervously looking over her shoulder. "Okay, seriously. Not a good time. Can we postpone this until later?"

Inspiration struck. "Wait, are you Rumia's shadow?" Cirno demanded. "Did you…like detach or something and now you're going to get help? Is Rumia still being eaten or is she going to float off into the sky without you?"

"What? No! No, no, yes, no! Now please, we need to-"

Then the wall of the strange bamboo building exploded. Cirno yelped and covered her face as flaming shard pelted her arms. From within emerged a sight that Cirno was frankly getting tired of: an angry Marisa Kirisame, perched on her broom and looking to ruin somebody's day.

At the same time, the air on the other side of she and Rumia shimmered. The scary ghost lady that was always hanging out with Reimu appeared out of nowhere. Her mouth was moving at a mile a minute, but the words were so low that they were impossible to make out.

The ghost raised a single hand, index finger pointing at Rumia. Green light began to collect at her fingertip.

At the same time, Marisa thrust a fist into the sky. Crackling red lightning shot down from the sky and struck her hand, illuminating it was a deadly scarlet light.

"Spectacular Supernova!" Marisa howled. She hurled the ball of lightning forward, which erupted into a ball of rolling flame that surged forward, eager to devour all in its way.

As she did so, the ghost stopped chanting and gestured. Twisting ethereal arms flew from her fingertip, each one ending in a grasping, long-fingered hand.

Cirno suddenly realized two things. One, both attacks were heading straight for Rumia. Two, they didn't look like they were spellcard regulation. In fact, they looked downright lethal.

"No!" she screamed. "Rumia, move!"

She lunged forward and pushed Rumia out of the way. As her palms touched Rumia's dress, shocking cold, greater than anything even the ice fairy had experienced, shot through her arms. She cried out and recoiled.

Just as she opened her eyes, Cirno realized that she had accidentally moved herself right into the line of fire. She didn't even have time to feel afraid before both attacks hit her at the same time.

With a puff of white mist, Cirno evaporated.
Normally traveling the Bamboo Forest of the Lost didn't take long, provided you didn't get lost yourself. If you knew you way around, then it was a quick trip. And even if you didn't, you could always rise above the treetops and journey from one end to the other in about fifteen minutes. And seeing how the entire staff of Eientei both knew their way around and was planning to fly over the treetops anyway, they should have been moments away from the Scarlet Devil Mansion by now.

There were a couple of problems with that.

The first was that they were all flying in formation. While this made the most sense from a defensive standpoint, it did mean the slowest were setting the pace. And seeing how they had many among their number whose jobs included simple housework, cooking, cleaning and maintenance, i.e. jobs that did not include much flying to begin with, the trip was taking nearly twice as long.

The second occurred when they were only five minutes from the forest's border.

Tewi had been in the lead of the caravan (convoy? Procession? Flock? Whatever) when it had happened. The sight sent a deep cleansing sense of relief singing through her. Even though she knew they weren't technically "safe" until they reached the Scarlet Devil Mansion, just having made it past such a large hurdle was heartening enough.

And then everything had gone to hell.

At first Tewi hadn't realized what was happening. Suddenly everything started yelling and the formation broke. Her first thought was that Rin had found them, or maybe Mokou was taking advantage of the situation. But then she realized that such was not the case. No, it was much worse. Kaguya had gotten loose.

Somehow the princess had managed to work her arms from their bindings. After that, it had taken but one burst of power to free herself completely.

"Kaguya!" Reisen yelled as she chased after the furious princess, all the host of Eientei behind her. "Come back, it's not safe!"

Tewi agreed. "Are you crazy?" she called. "Rin'll just eat you too!"

"Cowards!" Kaguya snarled. "Worthless pathetic cowards!"

I hate it when she gets like this, Tewi thought to herself. Aloud, she said, "Anyone who's faster than her, try to cut her off! Only fire if-"

Kaguya took a sudden turn and dipped downward into the forest.

"Never mind, change of plans! Surround her on all sides and try to hedge her in!"

"Do you really think that'll work?" the newly promoted Commander Utada asked.

"No, but it's worth a shot! Hurry up!"

…

Marisa stared in shock at the space that had been occupied by Cirno's body not five seconds prior. Black smoke rose upward as green sparks fell to the earth, remnants of her dual attack with Mima. However, those were unimportant. Her attention was focused on the white steam that swirled in wisps where the two spells had stuck one another.

It was difficult to comprehend. One moment they were about to remove the monster for good, the next Cirno had come the hell out of nowhere and had gotten in their way. And as a result, she had been vaporized in an instant.

I've killed her, she thought numbly. My gods, I've actually killed her.

She didn't like Cirno; there was no secret about that. Nobody really did. The stupid braggart had inconvenienced her more times than she cared to count, to the point where beating her up was practically a national pastime.

But she hadn't meant to kill her.

"Come on!" Mima shouted, tearing Marisa away from her stupefied state. "She's getting away!"

Marisa looked where her mentor was indicating. Rin Satsuki had taken advantage of the momentary distraction and was now vanishing through the bamboo.

"Did you hear me?" Mima demanded. "Snap out of it, girl! We can't let her escape!"

"But Cirno…"

"Forget her! She's a fairy, she'll be fine!"

"Yeah, but who could come back from that?"

Mima shoved herself up against Marisa, so that they were practically nose-to-nose. "Listen to me," she growled. "Cirno does not matter. She got in the way, so what happened was her fault. But if that gives you pause, if you let that stop you from helping me hunt that thing down, then whatever happens after will become your fault."

"But-"

"Furthermore," Mima continued. "I will be very, very disappointed."

It was that last part that did it for her. She nodded once, knowing that any other response would turn out poorly for her.

"Good. Now let's go."

Marisa followed her former teacher into the bamboo forest. Now that she thought about it, Mima was right. What had happened to Cirno was her own damned fault. No one had forced her to jump into the middle of a way. No use crying over spilt milk or vaporized fairies.

Still, she couldn't help casting one regretful look over her shoulder. Behind them, the mist was starting to clear.

…

Bamboo stalks passed by so fast they the seemed to melt into a formless blur. Sometimes they would suddenly appear to block her path, but Rin would just pass right through them without even noticing.

The scene she had just witnessed played over and over in her head on an endless loop. Rumia's friend coming out of nowhere and taking the shot meant for her. The whole thing had been so sudden that Rin honestly didn't have the slightest idea of how to feel about it. No one had ever stuck their neck out for her, especially to that degree. Even if the little fairy did think she was Rumia herself, it still hit her hard.

Especially since she had lost her life for it. Oh gods in everywhere, what was she going to tell Rumia?

She's a fairy, she'll resurrect, she's a fairy, she'll resurrect. Rin repeated those words over and over again, trying to make them stick, trying to make them overpower the image of Cirno's body as it disintegrated. It didn't work very well.

There was a whining sound and three spears of liquid fire spat over her. She managed to dodge just in time, but one grazed her shoulder, splattering her with droplets that hissed and burned as they stuck to her. A small effort of will, and they were absorbed into her being.

Still, she was going to have to do something about her pursuers. As fast as she was, she couldn't outrun them forever. Rin spared a glance at the ground below her. Especially with that damned trail of dead plants she kept leaving everything. Might as well paint a glowing arrow in the sky with a sign that said "Shoot Here!"

That was when inspiration struck. Rin increased her speed until she had gained enough distance. Then she dug deep into the abilities she had acquired from Rumia. As ugly as they were, they could prove useful.

Remembering the spear of darkness that her "Evil Twin" had thrown at the portal youkai, Rin hurled several similar missiles straight out in numerous random directions, like the spokes on some kind of lunatic wheel. As she hoped, the ground beneath each missile withered and died, leaving a clear path of blackened foliage. Choosing a direction for herself, Rin sped along, praying that it would be enough to throw them off. At this point, she was going to take whatever advantage she could get.

Well, except for one. She knew she was some kind of a monster, but she still didn't trust herself with using her new powers in the way they were intended. She wasn't a deliberate killer, no matter what her "Evil Twin" said. Not yet, at least.

…

Marisa saw a change in the trail they were following and swore out loud. She braked hard, bringing her broom to a stop. She felt her accumulated acceleration protest the sudden change in speed.

The trail of dead plants and blackened leaves had suddenly exploded into several different directions. It looked like the tip of one of those sparklers the kids were always lighting up during the New Year's Celebration. Marisa grit her teeth as her eyes darted from one path to the other. She didn't know how it had pulled something like this off, but she had to admit it was very clever, even if it only made her want to kill it all the more.

"What now?" she shouted over to Mima, who was studying the new obstacle in an almost scholarly manner.

"What now?" Mima said with even bothering to look at her. "We follow, of course."

Marisa growled and swooped down so that she was facing Mima directly. "Yeah? You got any suggestions as to how, ze? Because unless you brought a full searching party…"

Mima muttered some words under her breath. Her form blurred, and suddenly her body divided in a manner not unlike cellular reproduction. Where there once had been one Mima were now two smaller Mimas. Then those two also separated, bringing the total to four. And then eight. In the end, there were sixteen little green-and-blue ghosts, each one the size of a small child.

"…or you could do that," Marisa finished. "Neeaaaattttt. You gotta show me how to do that."

The Mimas didn't bother to acknowledge the compliment. "Choose a path, I'll take the others," one of them said.

"Don't you mean 'we'll' take the others?" another muttered. "We're here too, you know!"

That one received a smack across her head from one of her neighbors. "We're all the same person, idiot!" the third snapped. "Singular personal pronouns work just fine."

"Not now, we're not!" the second shot back. "If we were, we'd all be speaking in unison!"

"Is this really the time to be discussing pronoun semantics?" another put it.

"Agreed, we have a job to do."

"But if we cannot even agree on how to refer to our collective selves, how can we be expected to even complete this mission?" argued one from the back.

This comment brought forth a chorus of both murmured disagreements and assents. The one who had spoken first sighed and rolled her eyes.

"You see why I don't like doing this often?" she said to Marisa.

"You mean 'we!' You're not the only Mima here, you know!"

Marisa, who was finding the whole thing hypnotically fascinating, started and said, "Huh? Oh, yeah. Anyway, I'll go…this way. Okay?"

"Works for us. Good hunting."

Another rubbed her chin and frowned. "Wouldn't she be more suited heading off in-"

Before another argument could erupt, Marisa shot off along her selected trail, following the line of the taint. Interesting or no, seeing a chorus of miniature Mimas argue amongst themselves was just too strange.

Behind her, the Mimas themselves all chose separate paths, bickering with and pushing one another until they finally got themselves situated. The hunt was on.

…

Less than five minutes into the search, Ran had begun to realize how pointless things were going to be. Now that an hour had passed, she was sure of it. The Bamboo Forest of the Lost was named that for a reason: it was a place where people got lost. And given how much experience Chen had in getting lost even in the most normal of places, it was starting to become akin to searching for a needle in a hayfield.

"I don't think we're gonna find her," Lily said as she prodded a bush with a stick. "I mean, this forest is huge. She could be anywhere."

Ran pursed her lips. "Just keep looking," she growled, careful to keep her own doubts out of her voice.

"Oh-kayyyy," Lily said with a shrug. "Though if you ask me, she probably went into the mansion."

The thought of Chen getting caught between an angry Suika and Eirin's Satsuki person sent a powerful shiver down Ran's spine. "No," she said out loud. "She wouldn't."

"Why?"

"Chen's not much of an inside person," Ran explained. "Every time she's run away, it's always to somewhere outside. Though come to think of it…" Ran's eyes narrowed. A possibility had just occurred to her, one that was almost as troubling as the thought of having to search for her in this enormous forest.

Lily tilted her head to one side. "What is it?" she asked.

"There's this…group she often hides with when she's made at me. I'm thinking she might have-"

"Shit!" a sudden shrill, high-pitched voice screeched from nearby, making them both jump. "Shit, shit, shit! Wrong path!"

Both of them whirled around to see one of the last things they had expected to see. Some kind of spirit, only about a foot tall, with long green hair dressed in a blue robe and tall, pointy hat decorated with depictions of celestial bodies had suddenly appeared on the scene. Apparently something had upset her, as she was banging her fist repeatedly against a tree as she cursed out loud.

"Why did I have to get stuck with a fake path!" the spirit cried. "I wanted to be the one to find her! Why couldn't I find her?"

Ran stared in utter bewilderment. The thing was, she knew the spirit, or at least her master did. Yukari had dealings with her in the past. The only thing was that Ran was pretty sure the spirit had been significantly…taller. And much more emotionally composed.

Lily tugged on Ran's sleeve. "Who's that?" she whispered. "Do you know her?"

"Um, I think so. Hang on."

Ran approached the bite-sized spirit. "Um, excuse me? Mima? Is that you?"

Mini-Mima's head swiveled to look at her. Her demeanor changed immediately. "Oh, you!" she said enthusiastically as she darted over to stare Ran in the eye. "Hi Ran! Yukari said you would be here. How's it going?"

It took a few seconds for Ran's brain to remember how to communicate with her mouth. "Um, yeah. Fine. Mima, what-"

"Happened to me? Oh, we were chasing that Satsuki person, and the path split off into a bunch of other paths. So I used a dividing spell to make more of me! That way, I can follow all the paths at once! Smart, huh?"

Perhaps, but Ran found the idea of several hyperactive pint-sized Mimas running through the forest to be utterly terrifying. "Um, I guess so…"

"Well, no, not really," the mini-Mima shrugged. "I really don't like using it, since my mind gets broken down a little bit more with each division and my pieces usually end up doing something incredibly embarrassing. But desperate times at all that, hey? Speaking of which, did you see anyone looking like they've painted themselves black and covered their eyes in cherry juice flying by here?"

Ran shook her head. "I'm afraid not. We're out here looking for my Shikigami. Haven't seen the Shadow Youkai or whatever it is since Eirin sent me away."

"Aw, bummer. See, I really wanted to be the one to find it, because then I could rub it in the faces of all the other Mimas! They're kinda mean, you know what I'm saying?"

"I guess…Wait a minute, Yukari told me that she had Satsuki contained!"

"Yeah, but she got away. Made a big mess too. Me and Marisa were the only ones who weren't like really beat up, so we went after her! Sucks, don't it?"

"What about Yukari, is she okay?"

"Well…sort've. Got slashed with a nasty dark spear thing, but she's alive. Anyway, it was fun catching up, but I really gotta head back. The other me's really are helpless without me. Laters!"

With that, the mini-Mima turned and sped back the way she came. Not long after, Ran's phone began to ring.

"Yes, Yukari?" she said.

"Ran, I need you back at the clinic. I need an extra set of hands and you need to get out of that forest."

"Yeah, I just ran into Mima. Erm, I think I did anyway. She told me Satsuki got out."

"Indeed. I have to admit, she's a clever little bitch. Mima and Marisa are going to try to shut her down. But it's best if you stay out of their crossfire."

"But what about Chen?"

There was a short pause, and then Yukari said, "There's no helping that. I can't have a monster hunt and a Chen search party going at the same time. I need you here, now. We'll have to worry about her after."

Ran's brow furrowed. "I'm sorry Master, but that is not acceptable."

"Excuse me? What was that?"

"With all due respect Master, if there really is some kind of psycho-killer on the loose, then I'm not going to leave Chen alone to get caught in the crossfire either."

"That's an order, Shikigami."

Ran gritted her teeth. Refusing a direct order from Yukari was difficult in the extreme, but she wasn't going to waver. "Chen's your responsibility too. I will not abandon her."

There was a long pause, and then Yukari said, "Very well. I didn't want to resort to this, but…"

Lily cried out in shock. Ran started to turn to see what she was reacting to, but a hand seized her shoulder and whirled her around. There, Yukari herself was emerging from one her portals. That in itself wasn't unusual, at least to Chen, but her Master's dress was torn at the midriff, exposing an ugly black wound. Yukari's lips were pressed together so tightly that they had turned white, and sparks were flying in her eyes.

Yukari mumbled a word, and Ran's body suddenly seized up. Ran set her will and tried to move, but her body would not obey. No surprises there. It was taking marching orders from someone else.

"I hope you realize," Yukari said as she grabbed Ran by the collar and yanked her into the portal, "how much this hurts. I also hope you realize that I am never incapacitated for long. Remember that the next time you decide to disobey me."

The portal sealed itself up, taking both of the youkai with it.

…

Lily White stared at the spot where the portal had disappeared. She had no idea what Yukari was going to do to Ran, but she did not envy the fox. Not one bit.

She looked around the forest and wondered what she was supposed to do now. Her yearly announcements had been ruined so completely that sticking around was pointless. And from the look of it, things were going straight to hell.

It just wasn't fair, damn it. She did her best to fulfill her purpose in life. All that really was making people feel relieved that winter was over. Everybody loved spring, right? Why did people always try to screw things up for her? Why did they have to go and ruin her special day?

Well, enough was enough. "Screw those guys," she muttered to herself. "I'm going home."

Lily snapped her fingers and vanished, not to be seen again for another year. She could only hope that the next first day of spring wouldn't suck nearly as much as this one did.

Rin had to admit, it wasn't the best solution. But then again, the best solution involved everyone suddenly saying they were sorry for hurting her and welcoming her back with open arms, Rumia forgiving her and promising to be her best friend forever, Eirin giving Rin her body back and a pat on the head, and then everyone celebrating their eternal friendship with a big party with lots of laughter and dancing. Rin wasn't nearly so crazy to start believing that was going to happen in the next few moments, so she had to settle for just a potentially workable solution.

After she had gone a good distance from where she had created those false trails, Rin had paused just long enough to hear someone fast approaching. Now that was just not right. The missile idea had been a good one! Why didn't it work?

Well, no use crying over possible ensuing disintegration. It was time to improvise. Again.

Selecting a particularly thick cluster of foliage, Rin shot into the air, careful to avoid getting close enough to the surrounding bamboo stalks to leave traces of that taint. Then, when she was right over the cluster, she pulled all the power she got from Rumia as far as she could into herself and shoved it into the farthest corner.

Once that had happened, the body she had stolen from Rumia collapsed back on itself. She lost form and color, turning back into her natural blob-like state. Suddenly deprived of Rumia's ability to fly, she had fallen right into the undergrowth. Hopefully it would be enough to hide her for the time being.

Unfortunately, she could not hold that state for very long. Once she absorbed someone, her body would naturally conform to that person's general shape. It made slithering around difficult. And reverting back to blob form required a great amount of concentration. She could only hope the danger passed before her cells started to take damage from the strain.

Also unfortunately, she was now effectively blind. Well, not entirely. She could still sense things that were nearby and achieve a kind of very limited sight, one that mainly displayed things as silhouettes, but there was no way she could work up the concentration to accomplish that. So unless her pursuer decided to sit on her or step on her, she was in the dark in this one. So the only thing to do was sit tight as long as she could and pray that no one would see her. Already she could think of a dozen things wrong with that plan.

She can't see me, she can't see me, she can't see me…

Wait. Vibrations. Something had just landed on the ground. Something was near. Rin tensed up. She could feel something moving close by. Something moving very close by.

…

How typical. How utterly typical. Out of all the bloody godsforsaken trails she could have picked, she picked one that led to a dead end. Marisa scowled and hopped off her broom. She had no idea how Satsuki had pulled off that red herring trick, but it was frustrating her to no end.

Still, so long as she was here, she might as well be thorough. After all, Satsuki might be hiding nearby. Worth a shot.

Holding her pulsing hakkero in front of her like a ward, Marisa began to investigate the area. "Come out, come out wherever you are," she sang. "Fee-fie-foe-fum, I smell the blood of something about to be very, very dead.

…

The vibrations had ceased. Even though she no longer had much in the way of an endocrine system, Rin tensed up. Right now she would trade all the apocalyptic powers in the word just to know what was going on.

She waited. Time moved oddly in the dark places of her mind. She had figured out how to slow it down if necessary, but not speed it up. So she waited, as the seconds ticked by, every one feeling like minutes.

If she had teeth, Rin would be gritting them right about now. Keeping still would be a whole lot easier if it weren't for the strain of holding Rumia's power at bay. Even now, she could feel it pressing against her mind, trying to get out.

Wait…Rumia's power…

Fully aware that this was a bad idea, Rin let a bit of the dark energy leak past the barrier she had formed around it. This she took and twisted into the shape of a singular burning eye.

I am so violating every single rule I've ever learned about anatomy, she thought grimly. And probably a few about nature. Still, according to just about everyone, she had been doing that anyway. So why stop now?

The eye formed just enough to give her a murky view of the surrounding areas. Everything was hazy and done in a pale shade of pink, but she could at least make out shapes.

Unfortunately the only thing she could see was leaves. Rin extended a single stalk upward like a periscope, the partially formed eye sitting at the top.

The Mad Witch was standing about seven feet away, her back to the bushes where Rin was hiding.

Shock shot through Rin's mind, nearly causing her to lose control of the power she had been restraining. She sucked the stalk and attached eye back into her body and hunkered down as low as she could.

…

Marisa was pushing her way through yet another cluster of bamboo when something started rustling nearby. She paused, and turned in the direction of the noise. It had come from some leafy bushes.

She approached the source of the noise cautiously. It was highly unlikely Satsuki was in there, seeing how the bushes were very much unwithered. Probably just some kind of small animal.

Still…

Marisa approached the bushes, broom held in one hand, hakkero in the other. Using the broom handle, she cautiously pushed branches out of the way.

Something shot out of the bushes. Startled, Marisa hopped back and snapped her hakkero forward. Then she saw what it was and groaned.

Fairies, about five of them. And the small fry variety too. None of them were over a third of a foot tall. Marisa had cleaned more formidable things out of her pantry.

They swarmed around her head, laughing and chittering in their small squeaky voices. "Hey, knock it off," Marisa yelled as she tried to swipe them away. "Get out of here!"

That of course only made them laugh harder. One of them swooped low enough for her to make out what it was saying.

"Marisa, Marisa, big fat witch,

doesn't wanna stop being a snitch.

Papa smacked her and hit her with a switch

and when she cried, he made her his bitch."

Blinding light tore up the surrounding area. When it cleared, Marisa was standing alone among the now decimated foliage. She was panting heavily and holding her spent hakkero in one trembling hand.

Marisa slowly mounted her broom. Stupid fairies. Always getting in the way. If they didn't want to get fried, then they should just leave her alone. Not her fault.

Right?

Whatever. No time to think about that now. Marisa lifted from the ground and headed back. If she hurried, she might be able to help smash Satsuki with whatever Mima copy had chosen the right path.

…

Wary and terrified, Rin emerged from the ash of her hiding place. She would have stayed longer, but the strain was getting to be too great. Any longer and she would start taking cellular damage.

In the distance, she could see the witch flying away. Now that had been too close. When the blast of heat had swept over her, she had been utterly convinced that she was about to die. She had no idea why the witch was leaving or why she had been attacking in the first place, but Rin wasn't complaining.

Now the only problem was what she was going to do now. Plan A: "Make up with Eirin" was a complete bust. Stupid Lunarian had lied to her and let her get beat up by those people. Plan B: "Devour Kaguya to pay Eirin back" was also a bust. Just as well. Now that she was no longer listening to her Evil Twin, the very idea gave her a sour feeling in her stomach. Time for Plan C: "Find some place to hide and hope Rumia wouldn't hate her for long."

Rin rose into the air and headed north.

…

"So how do you think it's going?" Reimu asked as she helped a noticeably sullen Ran place Eirin back into her bed. "The hunt I mean."

Yukari glowered, but she said, "Horribly. Definitely horribly. Now shut up." With that, she went back to applying some sort of lotion to her wound.

The shrine maiden winced. She shot a glance at Ran, who just shook her head and went back to sulking.

Reimu wasn't sure where she'd rather be. On the one hand, being stuck trying to fix up a messed up hospital room with a lame foot and two pissed off youkai for company was almost stifling. On the other hand, the memory of that deadly cold shooting through her veins was still fresh in her memory. Reimu was certainly no coward, but that was not an incident she was overly eager to repeat.

Well, on the plus side Marisa and Mima had already kicked that thing's ass before. Provided they could cut it off, there was nothing saying they couldn't do it again.

Then again, given the sort of day they were having, Reimu wouldn't put it past fate to throw some sort of unseen complication in their way. In fact, she was almost counting on it.

…

Elsewhere, someone else was also wandering through the forest. Unlike everyone else, she was wholly unaware of everything that had gone down at Eientei, nor would she have cared if she did, except maybe to point and laugh.

Hands stuck in her pockets, she whistled a song that was stuck in her head as she strolled through the stalks of bamboo.

"Gee, gee, gee, gee, baby, baby, baby," she sang under her breath. "Gee, gee…huh?"

A nearby commotion caught her attention. Blinking, she carefully approached the source of the noise. When she was what it was, her eyes widened in surprise.

Well, well, well, Mokou thought as a wide grin spread over her face. How about that. Must be my birthday after all.

…

Tewi grit her teeth as she forced the hood over the struggling Kaguya's face. Restraining the princess had taken much, much longer than it should have. Unfortunately everyone had understandable reservations about shooting their own master. Kaguya had no such reservations.

"I hate this day," Tewi told Reisen as she walked away from Kaguya. The soldiers would take responsibility for her now. "I hate, hate, hate this day." All around them, the rabbits of Eientei were sprawled about and nursing their wounds. Despite the overwhelming advantage of numbers, the fight had exhausted them.

Reisen rubbed a sore spot on her arm where Kaguya had managed to clip her. "Seems like everything's turned upside down, huh? Eientei evacuated, Rin coming back, Eirin's probably gone, Kaguya's beating us up…" She frowned. "No, wait. That last part's pretty normal."

"Not the part with us hitting back. I'm tellin' you, when all this is over, I'm taking a nice long vacation. Somewhere far away, with lots of grass and no-"

That's when Kaguya started screaming. Tewi and Reisen whirled around to see the princess writhing and thrashing against her bounds, muffled cries of distress coming from under the hood. Tewi could tell that this was more than just protesting her situation. This was pure terror.

The two hurried over as the soldiers tried to restrain her. "What's happening? Tewi shouted. "Is something wrong?"

Utada shook her head in confusion. "I don't know!" she shouted as she wrapped her arms around Kaguya's waist and tried to hold her still. "She just started freaking out!"

Kaguya's cries took on a distinct rhythm. "Muhoo! Muhoo! Muhoo!"

Bewildered, Tewi looked over at Reisen, who just spread her hands and shrugged.

Utada reached over to lift the bottom of the hood, just enough to expose Kaguya's mouth. "Mokou!" she screamed. "Mokou! It's Mokou, you idiots!"

Everybody stiffened. Oh shi-

And that was when the chaos began. Balls of flame erupted from the edge of the clearing where they were situated and exploded in their midst. Rabbits scattered every which way, desperate to avoid getting torched. Of course it was all pointless. They were in no danger.

"Stop running!" Tewi cried as she tried to restore order. "She's not after you! Protect the Princess!"

Of course everyone ignored her. Even Reisen looked like she was about to split. Growling, Tewi turned to the elite of the Eientei Guard, the only ones who had kept their heads.

"Okay, I've had enough," she said. "Fuck spellcard rules, it's not like she's following them anyway. Find that pyromaniac and-"

She never got the chance to finish. A fireball hit the ground only three feet away and sent her sprawling.

…

Rin had put a good amount of distance between her and Eientei when a stray fireball had flown by and nearly hit her in the head. She yelped in surprise and dove for cover.

When no more came, Rin hesitantly peeked out. From the look of things, there was some sort of commotion going on nearby, one that strangely enough did not involve her. Thunderous explosions were tearing up the landscape and people were screaming.

Two of those people ran past her. Ran stared after them. Rabbits, both wearing Eientei uniforms. The wheels in Rin's head began to turn. If she was right, then all the yelling was from everyone who had evacuated from Eientei. Which meant…

You should probably investigate that.

I should probably investigate that, Rin thought. She floated towards the tumult, careful to remain in the shadows.

It might be dangerous. Shouldn't you be armed?

Rin glanced down at her right hand. Well, better safe than sorry. A weapon was just a weapon, after all. A small focus of will, and her sword once again sprang into existence.

Over there, where all the fire is. That's where you want to be.

Rin noticed that there was a substantial amount of flame concentrated in one area. There, she could see figures moving, figures she thought she recognized. That was probably where she needed to go. Strange though, a part of her was saying that this was a bad idea. She supposed she should listen, but for some reason it was getting harder and harder to think. Though she could still see, everything was growing fuzzy, almost like she was falling asleep.

A dream, it was all a dream. Just slip away and dream a dream…

…

Tewi tried scrambling to her feet, but one of the panicked rabbits ran into her from behind and she hit the ground face first.

Tewi spat out dirt and leaves and pushed herself up on her palms. She looked up and froze.

A pair of baggy red pants, covered with paper charms, stood before her. Suspenders held the pants to a button-up shirt that might have been white once in its past, but time and heat had made it a more light brown. Above this was an ethereally beautiful face framed by flowing hair of a shade of purple so pale it was almost white.

Tewi whimpered.

Mokou smirked down at the terrified rabbit. Then she stepped over her and strolled casually past the fires she had started, heading over to Kaguya's bound form. The few soldiers who had stood their ground snapped to attention and took aim; though it was obvious they also doubted their chances of success.

Tewi snapped out of her paralysis. "Mokou, wait!" she said. "This isn't the time for your-"

Mokou pointed a finger over her shoulder at her. The tip was glowing.

"Not the time?" Mokou said, her voice completely devoid of any concern whatsoever. "Time is all I have. All time is my time."

"Not now it isn't!" Tewi shouted back. "Please Mokou, not this time! It's an emergency!"

"Well, well, well, when did you suddenly get so serious? I thought you liked games." She pointed her finger at Kaguya and the soldiers surrounding her. "And right now, this is the only game in town. Oh, by the way. Pyrofuego."

A searing column of flame lashed out from her finger and struck the ground in front of the soldiers, scattering them. A few more blasts followed this, and soon Kaguya was left unguarded.

Mokou sauntered over to where her rival lay helpless, that satisfied smirk never leaving her lips. When she was within kicking distance, a wall of fire rose from the ground to surround them. Tewi and some of the remaining soldiers tried to approach, but it flared up in response to their presence and drove them away.

Safe from any rescue attempts, Mokou reached down and pulled off Kaguya's hood, exposing her smudged and glaring face and bloodshot eyes.

"Man Kaguya, what the hell did you to do end up like this?" Mokou said. "I knew your bunny brigade would go on strike sooner or later but…damn."

Tewi felt like screaming in frustration. Normally this sort of thing wouldn't be such a big deal, but they needed to leave the forest now. Rin could show up at any moment.

As if her thinking it brought it about, Tewi's eyes went wide when she saw an almost formless black shape slinking along the edge of the clearing, heading towards the wall of fire. Despite the overwhelming heat, Tewi felt her insides turn to ice, especially when it turned to regard her with those horrible red eyes.

Then it winked at her and crept into the fire. Like before, the fire blazed up and tried to ward it off, but if she felt the heat at all it gave indication.

"Mokou, wait!" Tewi called. "Get out there!" Unfortunately, the roar of the fire drowned out her voice.

Inside the wall, the two eternal rivals were too preoccupied with one another to pay attention to anything else. Kaguya spat. "Coward! Untie me and face me on equal terms!"

"Yeah, no thanks." Mokou held up one finger. Fire ignited on the tip. "I've been doing that every day for…gods, I don't even remember anymore. Something-odd centuries. So I think I'll just take advantage of a very convenient situation and have myself a little barbeque. Fire Spin."

She gestured, and three whirling fiery tongue washed over Kaguya's body. The princess screamed as her blackened and began to crack. The fat underneath started to melt and run out in sickly yellow rivulets. Her hair burst into flames and shriveled away to floating ash.

Mokou kept smiling even as she turned up the heat. "How did you kill me yesterday? Something about slicing open my stomach and pulling out my entrails? Not the worst you've done, but it still kinda sucked. But I win this round."

"You'd like to think so, wouldn't you?"

"Wha-" Mokou's question was suddenly cut off as a blackened blade exploded from her chest in a spray of gore. The wall of flame flared up one last time and withered to nothingness.

Oh no, Tewi thought numbly as Rin Satsuki kicked Mokou off of her sword. Oh no, no, no. The immortal fell to her knees. Blood vomited from her mouth.

Rin stared down at Mokou with a contempt that Tewi would have thought her to be capable of. Back during her last rampage, she had been plenty crazy, but never coldly malicious like this.

"You people never learn. Always thinking your petty little squabbles are the only things that matter. But I'm afraid this is game over for you, fire bird. Now, let's see: how did that spineless little waste of space do this again? Oh yes…"

Rin extended both hands. Her talons shriveled away, and the darkness fled from her palms and forearms, leaving the lower half of the appendages purely transparent.

"No!" Tewi cried as she rushed forward. She grabbed a heavy stick off the ground and swung it with all her might at Rin's head.

It hit, but predictably enough it did nothing other than snap in half. Three twisting coils off darkness sprouted from Rin's back and speared the ground where Tewi was standing. She managed to leap away just in time.

Rin's now transparent arm expanded and joined together into a single mass, about the size of a tent. This dipped down to envelop a skewered Mokou and her charcoaled enemy. It picked them up, gore, ash and all. Despite the obvious pain she was in, Mokou kicked and pushed and tried to break free. Of course, all of her attempts were fruitless. Once Rin had you, there was no escape.

Kaguya, it should be noted, just hung limply. But this was of course to be expected.

Rin cackled as Mokou and Kaguya's mutilated bodies began to tear apart from the outside in. Their clothing and (in Mokou's case) hair dissolved away, followed by their skin. For a moment, Tewi was treated to an unforgettable anatomy lesson as Mokou and Kaguya's internal organs became wholly visible. Then these too crumbled away.

Mokou and Kaguya wasted away into nothingness.

Still laughing, Rin separated the large blob into two separate appendages again and reformed her arms. "Wow, that was...interesting. Wonder when the changes will starHELLO!"

Rin's neck snapped back and her arms spread wide and stiffened. Shivers ran up and down her stolen body.

And then she began to change.

The twisting aura of darkness exploded into a frenzy of motion and her skin looked like it was boiling. Her limbs extended and reformed themselves into a smoother, more graceful shape. Her "hair", if it could be called that, shuddered and suddenly shot out about four feet. The midnight black of her body dissolved away in patches, revealing its inverse beneath.

Then the metamorphosis was complete. Rin dropped to her knees. For a moment she was motionless. And then she stood.

Her new body was…different. It retained aspects of the form she had taken from the Shadow Youkai, particularly in the shape of the face, the ripping talons on the hands, and certain parts of her clothing, but bits and pieces of her new victims had been added to the ensemble, turning her into a gothic artist's wet dream. She was now much taller and more graceful in her movements. Her hair now flowed in Mokou's distinctive style, but the color was Kaguya's. The dark aura remained, but it was now shot through with flashes of red and purple. The Shadow Youkai's vest also remained, but the skirt now more resembled Mokou's trousers, decorated with the floral pattern of Kaguya's robe. The ropes that had bound Kaguya's arms now twisted around the wrists and forearms like some sort of avant-garde bracelets. And her skin, once a featureless expanse of black, was now the pale color of ash.

Her eyes though. They had not lost their shape, but had cooled to a haughty shade of lavender. But the burning cruelty was the same.

Rin cocked her head as she examined her new form. She held out her left hand and extended her fingers. "Not bad," she murmured as she ran the fingers of her other hand up and down her forearm. "Not bad at all. Is this how it feels to be completely indestructible?" She gave one of her new breasts an experimental squeeze. "I think I like it!"

Then her eyes narrowed as she took notice of her frozen audience. "Oh, is it rabbit season already? Time to take the new body for a test run."

Oh wow, what to do, what to do, what to do? Tewi thought desperately. Shooting her wouldn't work, blunt impact wouldn't work, and running would only delay the inevitable. She hated to admit it, but by all accounts, they were now royally screwed.

Rin extended her right hand. Her sword, dropped while she absorbed the two immortals, trembled and snapped to her palm. Yep, royally screwed.

"Rin?" said a nearby voice, drawing everyone's attention.

Reisen stood there, arms outstretched, palms up in a nonthreatening manner. She slowly approached the nightmare. Her entire body was trembling, but she kept walking.

"Rin, it's me," she said. "It's Reisen. You remember me, right?"

"Reisen, are you stupid or something?" Tewi shouted. She skirted around Rin and darted to her friend's side. "Now is not the time to get suicidal," she hissed in Reisen's ear.

This was ignored. Reisen's eyes remained focused on Rin. "Come on Rin, I know you remember me. Remember the time we snuck out to go to the Winter Solstice festival? And we got kicked out for cheating at all those rigged games? Remember all those picnics we took when we were supposed to be sparring? Remember all those times you came crying to my room after Eirin chewed you out and I let you sleep in my bed? I even spent a week inside of your mind and stood up for you when Kaguya wanted to execute you. Please Rin, I know you remember. I know this isn't you."

Tewi shot a glance at Rin and sucked her teeth. To her surprise, Reisen's words seemed to be working. Rin now looked…unsure of herself. Hesitant. There seemed to be some kind of internal struggle going on.

"Rin, please," Reisen pressed. She was now only a few feet away. "Don't do this. I know you're angry, and the gods know you have every right to be. But don't become the monster. You're better than that."

Rin shook her head and shuddered. She looked up. "Reisen?"

"I'll be twice-over damned, it worked," Tewi whispered.

Reisen smiled and nodded. "It's me, Rin. Don't worry. I won't let anyone-"

Then Rin laughed and swung out with one arm, knocking Reisen to the ground. Reisen tried to push herself up, but Rin planted one foot on her back and pressed her back down.

Tewi screamed and rushed forward. Rin barely glanced at her before slashing her side with one talon. Hot pain flared up, only to be replaced with bitter cold. Tewi tumbled to the ground, grasping her injured side.

"Just when I thought you people couldn't get any stupider, you go and prove me wrong," Rin said in a conversational tone. "I swear, you have got to be the most gullible piece of shit I've ever encountered. I don't know what she saw in you, I really don't." She lifted the sword up, ready to plunge it into Reisen's skull. "Well, if I'm going to rip this country to pieces, I suppose this is a good place to start as any. Sayonara, Inaba."

Then she froze, sword poised in midair. Her head twitched, and her other hand went to her forehead. She grimaced and looked like she was fighting off a headache.

"Oh, for crying out loud," Rin growled. "You had to wait until now to wake up?"

...

Rin clawed her way to the surface of her mind, screaming all the way.

What are you doing? she cried.

What's it look like? Plan B, times two.

Stop it! Leave Reisen alone!

She felt the other her sigh. Look Rin, can you just give me a minute here? I promise it won't even hurt.

No! You said I was on my own! You promise! Why did you lie?

Situation changed. You weren't going to do what was necessary. I, on the other hand, just made you explode-proof. Say "thank you".

Rin screamed and forced control away from her "Evil Twin". Get out, get out, get out!

She tried to mentally crush the monster, but it slipped away before she could. For the merest fraction of a second, she could feel it slithering through the recesses of her mind. And then it was gone.

Rin frantically searched every bit of her mind, but the only other presence she could feel was Rumia's, who was still floating alone in the dark and totally confused and oblivious to all that was going on.

Wait, not just Rumia. There was something new, another mind. Two other minds, in fact. The minds of…

Oh no. Oh no, no, no.

…

Rin stiffened. Her body swayed back and forth like a reed in the wind. Her sword dipped low and fell from her hands to clatter on the ground.

Then she shook her head and looked at the world around her.

"What happened?" she whispered. "What did she do?"

Then she glanced down.

"Oh my gods, Reisen?" Rin cried. She leapt off the rabbit's body. "I'm so sorry. It wasn't me, I swear! Did she hurt you?" She reached down with one hand to help her up.

In response, Reisen screamed in terror and bolted into the forest

"Wait!" Rin called. "It wasn't me! Please Reisen, listen to me!"

Then she saw Tewi, still on the ground with a blackened gash along her side.

"Tewi? What happened? Did I...did she do that to you? Did she do all this? No…I can't…"

Rin screamed, a horrible echoing sound that pierced through Tewi's skull and nearly sent her into unconsciousness. Then she leapt into the air and flew away, crying "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!" as she sped off.

…

"You know what the worst part is?" Mima said as she tried to hold her final miniature still. "Having sixteen different sets of memories for the same ten minutes. Can you imagine having to sort all that out? Quantum physics is easier."

Her miniature clamped her teeth down on Mima's hand. Of course it did no good, and soon she was reabsorbed into Mima's body.

The ghost sighed. "Well, that's done with at least." Then she frowned and looked over at Marisa. "Hey, what's wrong with you?"

The two of them were back at the Eientei courtyard. After their search had proved to be fruitless, they had regrouped and headed back on the possibility that Satsuki had pulled a fast one and doubled back. Of course, no such luck.

Now the only question was what they were going to do now. Satsuki was proven to be far cleverer than they had thought, and by now she could be anywhere. It didn't help that Marisa was acting very odd, especially for her. She didn't look like she was even paying attention to Mima, which was a definite first. Instead, she kept glancing toward the spot where Cirno had disappeared and biting her lower lip.

Mima sighed and floated to her former prodigy's side. "Oh, come now. You're not still worried about that fairy, are you?"

"What? Oh, of course not, ze! It's just…" Marisa waved her hand at the space in front of her. "Shouldn't she be back by now? It doesn't usually take this long."

"Well, of course not," Mima scowled. "For one thing, the air's still too hot. And given the size of the blast, her cells were probably scattered far and wide. I wouldn't expect her to piece herself back together for another half an hour or so."

"Oh. Well, um…"

"Spit it out."

"Is there something you can do?"

Mima pressed her fingertips to her forehead and sighed. She thought she would never see the day when Marisa would express this degree of concern for another person, much less Cirno. "All right, fine. Then will you stop freaking out about her?"

"Hey, I'm not freaking out! I'm just-"

"Save it and let me work." Mima closed her eyes and concentrated. Even though she was still dealing with the aftereffects of her own being recently fractured, she could still feel the pieces of Cirno's essence floating around like a billion confused dust motes. A small focus of will, a quick muttered spell, and they began to coagulate at a single point.

At the same time, the temperature of the surrounding area took a steep trip downward. Marisa's breath became visible and she shivered. Frost started to form on the ground.

Mima gestured, and there was a sudden blaze of white light. The light formed itself into a small humanoid form, and Cirno dropped to the ground. The ice fairy scrambled to her feet and stared at the world with her new eyes.

"No, wait!" Cirno cried as she lurched forward. "Run Rumia, I'll hold them off! I can do it, I'm…the…strongest …"

With that, she pitched forward and flopped on the ground, where she continued to mumble under her breath.

Marisa stared. "Um, is she okay?"

Mima shrugged. From her point of view, there had been nothing to worry about in the first place. "Yes, she's fine. Her body just reformed quicker than usual. She'll be a little loopy for a few minutes and then she'll back to her irritating self.

Still sprawled in an untidy heap, Cirno began to snore.

"There, you see?"

Marisa slumped. "Oh, good. I mean it's not like I was worried or anything, I just didn't want put up with Reimu screaming my ear off again, ze."

"Sure you weren't," Mima smirked. "Sure you weren't."

Marisa opened her mouth to respond, but she was interrupted by a nearby rustling. Both of them whirled to face the forest. Marisa shot a glance at Mima, who returned the look and nodded. Marisa flipped her hakkero into her hand and energy began to gather at Mima's palms.

But to their surprise, it wasn't Satsuki at all. It was two rabbits dressed as maids. One was supporting the other, and both were smudged with ash.

Mima blinked and let her gathered power fade away. Beside her, Marisa was doing the same.

More rabbits were emerging from the forest, dressed in a variety of uniforms. More maids, soldiers, cooks, laundresses, etc. All of them looked exhausted, and many of them were covered with ash.

"Uh, what's going on?" Marisa muttered out of the corner of her mouth. "I thought they took off!"

Mima nodded. She had been thinking the same thing. All things considered, the rabbits return in this condition was not a good side.

Then the rabbits' leaders appeared. Reisen limped out of the forest, carrying a shivering Tewi on her back. Tewi's dress was ripped along one side, and underneath a black tear could clearly be seen on her pale skin.

Oh no.

Marisa ran up to them. "Hey Cottontail, what the hell happened here? You guys were supposed to be gone an hour ago, ze! What are you doing back?"

Reisen's scarlet eyes fixated upon her. That was when they saw the tear tracks smearing their way through the ash on her cheek.

"Where were you?" Reisen said in a hollow voice.

"What?" Marisa looked confused. "Where do you think? We were trying to stop Satsuki!"

Reisen didn't say anything else. She just looked away from the witch, hefted her friend back up and continued to limp towards the clinic. Mima floated out of their way without a word.

Marisa stated after them, her mouth agape. She ran back to Mima. "Hey, what do you think happened?" she said. "Did Satsuki get Kaguya? What's with the ash?"

Mima just pursed her lips and shook her head. She had been wondering the same thing herself. Satsuki was of course the most obvious explanation, but she had yet to exhibit fire-based abilities.

Unless she ate that Mokou as well, she thought. If that was the case, they might as well cut their own throats right now and save Satsuki the trouble. Well, everyone else except Mima herself, of course.

Before she could continue down that depressing line of thought, another voice cut in, drawing their attention.

"Huh?" Cirno said as she pushed herself up on her palms. She looked around at the procession of weary rabbits, confusion all over her face. "Where am I? What happened? Where's Rumia?"

…

Deep Within

Rumia pitched forward and landed on what could only be described as solid nothing. Whatever, she didn't care, so long as she landed on something, even if that something was nothing.

She took stock of herself. Arms, legs, torso, head, hair, all there! Oh thank the gods, she had a body again! Sure, she knew her body wasn't actually real and from the look of things still stuck in Rin's head, but it was miles better than that being trapped in that void, with no sensation of feeling, no movement whatsoever, no nothing except her fear and memories to keep her company.

And to make things even sweeter, she could move her whole body now! She was no longer trapped in the crucified position and driving herself crazy with trying to get her limbs to obey. Sure, it wasn't the same as actual freedom, but it was a step in the right direction.

Unfortunately she didn't the chance to enjoy her newfound mobility, as Rin chose that moment to appear the hell out of nowhere. Her captor had a wild look in her eyes, and if to punctuate that observation she grabbed Rumia by the shoulders and shoved her up again…more nothing.

"Was it you?" Rin shouted. "Were you the dark voice? How did you get out? Tell me!"

Rumia gaped at her. "Wha-I-I-I don't know what you're talking about!"

Angry tears formed in Rin's bloodshot eyes. "It had to have been you!" she cried. "There was no one else in here! It had to be you!"

"I swear, it wasn't me, it wasn't me!" Rumia babbled frantically. "I don't even know what it was! Please, please don't hurt me!"

Rin stared at her with an unreadable expression on her face. Then she lunged forward with one hand. Rumia cried out in fear and covered her eyes, convinced that she was about to be killed. Instead, Rin pressed the palm of her hand against Rumia's forehead.

A feeling of warmth tingled across Rumia's scalp. It didn't hurt per se, but it wasn't exactly comfortable. Still, given her predicament, complaining wasn't exactly the most prudent action at the time.

Rin jerked away from her as if she had been burned. "You're right, it wasn't you," she whispered. "There's nothing in your memories, nothing to indicate…" She began shaking. "Bu-but if it wasn't you, then who was it whispering in my ear, telling me to do all those awful things? Who was it trying to turn me into a monster, who took control and tried to kill everyone? Who was that, Rumia?"

Rumia scooted away from her. "I don't know what you're talking about! I was stuck…where you put me the whole time! I'm innocent, I swear!"

"I know, it's just…" Rin grabbed her head and fell to her knees. "I don't know what to think anymore!" she sobbed. "It doesn't make any sense! I mean, I've studied up on psychological conditions. You know, back when I was normal? And I can't have an alternate personality, not like that! They just don't work that way! At least I don't think they do. I just don't know anymore."

She shook her head. "Rumia, I know you don't want to hear this, but I think I may be going crazy."

Oh, Rumia thought bleakly. Isn't that just swell. The weird-ass blob girl from who knows where who goes around eating people, killing plants and picking fights with virtual gods was going insane. And here Rumia was, stuck in said girl's mind. Rumia was starting to get the sneaking suspicion that she was in somewhat of a bad situation.

That was when she noticed the other noises for the first time. It sounded like the muffled cries of someone trying to scream through blankets. Rumia reluctantly turned around to the source of the sound.

What she saw made her stare.

Apparently Rin had gone and picked up some new travelling companions. Two people hung in the air, much as Rumia had done herself. One was a statuesque beauty with a regal bearing and flowing hair so dark it was almost invisible against the backdrop of nothing. Her arms were crossed over her chest, like a corpse in a coffin.

The other was much leaner, much more vicious looking, but no less beautiful. Her pale lavender hair also flowed down her back and her arms went down and then up, with her palms open to the (metaphorically speaking) sky, as if she were shrugging. Though judging by the way both of their muscles were straining, they were clearly in those positions against their will.

Rumia gulped. She had never seen those two personally, but given where they had been when she had been sent away and considering all the stories she had heard along with the occasional picture in the Bunbunmaru, she guessed that she was now in the presence of Princess Kaguya, mistress of Eientei and the only recognizable sovereign of the Bamboo Forest of the Lost. Which probably meant the other was the infamous Fujiwara no Mokou, Kaguya's eternal rival. Stories of what had happened to the unlucky few who dared to piss her often were sometimes used to scare small children.

However, that wasn't the only why Rumia was staring.

Like both her and Ran, the newcomers were also completely naked. Now, Rin wasn't bad looking, but Rin's bizarre powers, the fact that she had eaten her and her general craziness meant that her casual nudity wasn't exactly erotic. Instead, it only made her scarier. These two, however…well, Kaguya reported used to have suitors lining up by the dozens. There had been talk of actual wars being declared for her hand. And while Mokou's history wasn't nearly so…varied, from what Rumia could see (and she could see a lot), she could go head-to-head with Kaguya in this matter as well. In fact, if it weren't for the final reason Rumia was staring, her cheeks would be turning red and her eyes dipping to places south.

However, there was one more reason for her staring, one that made all the other reasons fall to the wayside. Both Kaguya and Mokou were wide awake and staring in turn. They appeared to be both frightened and furious, but this presumption was based upon facial expressions alone, as their mouths were completely gone. Where they should have been was a smooth span of skin. That didn't stop them from trying to communicate, as dampened cries and curses, some of which Rumia could almost understand, shot out from their throats as a furious rate.

As Rumia had also been in the same place they were, both in terms of being unable to move and in losing her mouth, she could sympathize with their distress. That didn't change the face that the sight scared the shit out of her.

"Oh, them," Rin sighed. She sounded more annoyed than anything. "The evil voice in my head grabbed them after she knocked me out and took control. I didn't want to send them away too, but they wouldn't stop yelling, and this was the only way I could get them to shut up. Honestly, I have no idea what I'm gonna do with them."

Yukari Yakumo hobbled out of Hourai Clinic and squinted. Overhead, the sun was giving its final hurrah before retiring for the night, lighting up the sky in a brilliant display of oranges and reds. She supposed it was all very pretty, but it was difficult to find any appreciation for it.

All around her, Eientei was bustling, even more so than usual. After their return, Kaguya's flock of bunnies had gotten to work on cleaning up the mess their home had been reduced to. At the moment, debris was being cleared from the clinic's waiting room while the damage to the mansion was still being assessed. Yukari couldn't blame them, as there was little else they could do. Their sovereign was gone, taken by a life-destroying monster that was now, for all intents and purposes, completely invulnerable. Most of their leaders had been severely wounded and would be contributing no actual leadership for awhile. And the "experts" who had been called in to solve this problem had just gotten their asses thoroughly kicked. On the whole, it was a bleak situation.

Yukari took a step and had to grab the doorframe to keep from stumbling. Damned wound. If it had been only the burn or only the gash, it would be easier. But instead, she had to endure cold numbness and fiery pain at the same time. The treatments she had found around the clinic were helping, but it still wasn't fun. She had refused the use of a crutch or even a cane, citing the fact that she had endured worst injuries in the past. This was true, but it did mean that walking was going to be difficult. But still, she would be caught dead before she was seen using any kind of crutch this early in the game.

Taking a deep breath, she set off through the courtyard. She was able to keep her face expressionless and her steps more or less going smoothly, with only a slight limp every left step. Not bad, all things considered.

She ignored the rabbits running to and fro and was ignored in return. Her attention was focused on the two figures standing at the edge of the forest.

Mima and Marisa were in the middle of what appeared to be a heated argument. In keeping with their temperaments, Marisa's points were accompanied by a great deal of arm flailing and shouting, whereas Mima just kept her arms folded and spoke in a calm, steady tone. As Yukari came closer, their words became more and more audible.

"…if we don't, she'll be long gone!" Marisa was yelling. "You wanna have that thing loose in Gensokyo?"

"She's long gone anyway," Mima replied. "And seeing how nothing we do will cause the slightest bit of good anyway, I fail to see what a suicidal charge will accomplish. Ah, good evening."

That last bit was directed to Yukari herself, who had gotten close enough to be noticed. She nodded curtly and said, "The same. I take it you're discussing our wayward monster?"

"Who else?" Marisa growled. "And what the hell are you doing even up? I thought you were all injured and bedridden, ze."

"I checked myself out. Too much to prepare for, and I don't trust any operation that doesn't include my direct involvement."

Marisa gritted her teeth and stomped over to butt foreheads with the ancient youkai. "What, you saying we'll screw it up? 'Cause I don't know if you noticed, but we were the ones who managed to bring that freak down at all, while you just got your old hag ass kicked. Twice."

Yukari didn't so much as blink. "The situation has changed since then. Your skills lie primarily in causing wanton destruction, and Satsuki is now entirely immune to wanton destruction. Also, remove yourself from my face."

"Or you'll what?"

"Nothing. I won't have to. Because you are going to remove yourself from my face."

Sparks flashed in Marisa's eyes. Her clenched fists started trembling, as if she might lay Yukari out at any moment. Yukari simply returned her gaze and said nothing.

Then Marisa's whole body shook and she took a step back. "Screw this, I don't have time for you, you crazy old bitch," the witch spat. To Mima, she said, "Look me up when you guys actually decide to do something."

Pulling down the brim of her hat, she hopped on her broom and took off in an angry cloud of dust.

Yukari watched her go. Her eyebrows narrowed.

With a sigh, Mima floated over to her side. "Don't be too hard on her," she said. "She's still young."

"Mima, I really don't need an emotional intervention right now."

"Perhaps. But I saw that look on your face. Infighting is not something that you, nor anyone of us, need right now. We have enough problems as it is."

Yukari's left eye twitched. "Fair enough. Just know that if your little witch tries to touch me again, her limbs will be scattered among the four corners of Gensokyo. In the space of a minute."

Mima gave her an odd look, but she didn't comment on Yukari's surliness. Instead, she said, "At any rate, with Satsuki's acquirement of immortality, I would say the situation has evolved beyond our control."

"You have a keen grasp of the obvious."

"As such, this crisis may soon reach catastrophic levels."

Yukari shot a glance at what remained of Eientei, and then at her own bandaged torso. "See above comment. What's you point?"

Mima clasped her hands in front of her waist and looked out over the forest. "As much as it hurts me to admit it, we may need to call in the cavalry." She lowered her voice to an almost whisper. "Yukari, I think we may have to involve the Ringleaders."

"No."

"Every second we delay increases the danger of-"

"No."

"Come now, Yukari. I hate the idea as much as you do, but-"

"I said no!" Yukari snarled. She took an aggressive step forward, and winced as the burning areas of her wound voiced their protest.

Mima of course took notice. "You, I, Reimu, Marisa, Suika and the entirety of Eientei's forces, more than enough combined power to bury most armies, could not stop that thing. Most of us, you included, are gravely injured, and it was only through cheating that no lives were actually lost. Yukari, this is not the time for pride. And to hear it coming from me…"

Yukari seethed. "And tell them what, exactly? That we were stupid enough to get our asses handed to us by one…thing? Us, the supposed elite? How do you think that'll affect our reputation?"

Mima arched an eyebrow. "This is a day for reversed roles. I thought you didn't care about reputation. Besides, you've lost before and didn't care."

"That was different. Losing a fair fight is one thing. Failing to do our job is something else. Besides, you're already on shaky ground with the other Ringleaders as it is. Do you really want to give the rest of them a reason to bring your parole up for review?"

"Oh, I'm not worried," Mima replied in that infuriatingly calm voice of hers. "And neither should you be. After all, if looking bad is all you're worried about…" she cast a glance over her shoulder to where the rabbits were milling around "…I can think of a few convenient scapegoats."

Yukari frowned, but she didn't say anything.

"After all, we weren't the ones who created Satsuki," Mima continued. "We weren't the ones who 'conveniently' forgot to mention that we had a psychotic people-absorbing abomination locked in the attic."

"As opposed to psychotic, people-killing abomination locked up in a stupid girl?"

Mima just shrugged. "They know about that one already, and never objected. I doubt they were informed about Satsuki. And then there's the ice-fairy and her little team of misfits. Weren't they the ones that unleashed her in the first place? There are ways to, hehe, 'rephrase' things, you know."

Yukari turned away from her. "I'll…think about it."

"I'm sure you will. By the way, how's that shrine maiden of yours?"

That comment made Yukari whirl around again, ignoring the pain that it caused her. "The hell was that supposed to mean?"

"What? I'm simply inquiring as to her condition," Mima said innocently, no mean feat for her. "After all, Satsuki treated her so roughly. I must admit, I was quite worried myself when I saw what had happened to her foot. I'd hate to think what would happen should Reimu encounter that thing again, without help. Oh, I'd hate to imagine what tragedies would befall the poor girl."

"You're treading on very thin ice, Mima," Yukari said in a low, dangerous voice.

"She'd do it, too. You know she would. Even if all of Gensokyo were to turn their backs on her, she would still stand alone. Even if it meant her doom, she would still stand alone. Of course, if she had the backing of, oh I don't know, maybe the most powerful beings in Gensokyo? Maybe then she might survive."

Yukari wondered what the absolute worst place she could send the impertinent spirit was, or if she could send her to more than one place. Maybe she should drop her off in the Outside World and let her enjoy being cut off from Gensokyo's magic entirely. However, good sense won over in the end. Mima was right, after all.

"That is very low," Yukari said, enunciating every syllable. "Even for you."

Mima shrugged and smiled. "What? I'm just doing my job and pointing out the obvious. Any additional meaning is provided by you alone."

Yukari sighed. "You evil bitch."

"That would be my other job, yes."

"Fine, I'll send out the word. Just don't be surprised when they go and make things worse. In the meantime…" Yukari turned and started to head back to Hourai Clinic.

"Where are you going?" Mima asked.

"To get some answers. There's a certain physician that owes me an explanation." Her eyes narrowed. "And a certain ice fairy that I need to have words with."

…

Deep Within

Rumia didn't have the slightest idea of what to do.

She sat by herself, away from everyone else. Behind her, Rin was watching that stupid screen of hers, directing the path of the hodgepodge body they were now residing in. Only thing was, it was now more purple than red. Rumia wasn't sure how that had happened nor could she work up the nerve to ask, but she was pretty sure it had something to do with Rin's new "guests".

Kaguya and Mokou still floated in the bizarre positions Rin had put them in, staring at the nothing around them with wide eyes. As their mouths had yet to return, their cries of indignation came out sounding like a series of squeals, squeaks and groans. Rumia could sympathize, as she had been in the same position not too long ago. Though oddly enough, some time ago they had ceased directing their cries at her and Rin and had started what honestly appeared to a subdued conversation between themselves. Rumia wasn't sure how they understood each other or what they were saying; she just hoped their plans didn't involve her head on a stake. She supposed she should talk to them and try to explain that she wasn't Rin's co-conspirator or anything, but the thought of speaking to them while they were in that freakish mouthless state, especially with Rin still sitting within earshot, made her insides started to tremble.

Rumia held her hand up, palm out, and spread her fingers. Well, at least she could move now. It was true when they say that you never know what you've got until it's gone. After losing first her mobility and then her body entirely, she swore she would never take something so mundane for granted ever again. It was a small comfort, but she was going to take what she could get.

"Rumia?" said a soft voice behind her.

Rumia flinched and huddled in a small ball. "Y-y-yes?" she squeaked.

Rin walked around to sit next to her. Rumia couldn't bring herself to meet her captor's eyes. Ever since Rumia had returned, Rin had been acting…strangely. Well, okay, so she had been pretty weird before, but that had just been a confusing over-enthusiastic cheerfulness. Now she spoke very little to anyone, preferring to stare at her screen while mumbling something under her breath. Rumia hadn't been able to make out the specifics, but it had sounded like she had been going on about her "Evil Twin", a sort of dark voice that had been telling her to hurt people.

Rin apparently noticed Rumia's reluctance. She frowned and leaned in closer. Rumia winced and shied away.

"You're still scared of me, aren't you?" Rin asked.

Rumia tried to force a grin. "M-me? Scared. Hehehe, whatever gave you…You're not going to hurt me, are you?"

Rin shook her head and withdrew. "Yeah, I'll take as a yes. Jeez." She ran a hand through her hair and sighed. "Wow, I've really screwed things up, haven't I?"

Rumia wasn't sure if that was a rhetorical question or not, but she decided to play it safe and say nothing.

"Rumia?"

Damn it. "H-huh?"

"I, uh, don't really know how to do this. I mean, everything's all crazy and I don't have the slightest clue as to how…but yeah, anyway, I think I owe you an apology."

Rumia blinked. "What?"

"See, when you opened the box and let me out, I thought you were freeing me on purpose. I thought you had heard about me and wanted to rescue me." Rin let out a bitter cackle. "And I ate you anyway. Way to show gratitude, huh?"

"Um…"

"So…I'm sorry. I screwed up, and got you stuck in my mess. Sorry."

"Oh. Uh, thank you." Rumia built up some courage and asked, "So, um, does that mean you'll, you know, let me go?"

Her hopes started to build, but the guilty look on Rin's face sent them crashing down. "Uh, Rumia? I don't think that's a good idea."

"Why not?"

"Because, uh, well you see…" Rin frowned and started knocking her wrist against her head. "Okay, c'mon, think! How do I put this…Okay, I was actually gonna let you go. Right before Eirin's stupid friends ambushed us, remember? But now I think it's safer if you stay here, where I can protect you."

"Uh…from what?"

"From them. From those people who attacked us. Rumia, I know you weren't around to hear this, but I think they wanna kill you as much as they wanna kill me."

Rumia's jaw dropped. "Wait, say what? That's crazy! I mean, sure they've beaten me up a few times, but they always just let me off with that! They wouldn't want to kill me, that's not what they do! You must've…misheard them or something!" She looked to Rin for affirmation. When the other girl didn't meet her eyes, Rumia added in a weak voice, "…right?"

In response, Rin pointed at the space before them. Again, a tear opened. But unlike the huge screen she used as her eyes, this was more like a swirling hole. The images she saw through it made no sense. It looked like a never-ending series of horizontal lines perpetually shooting upward, broken by repeating flashes of color. Rumia thought she could make out shapes in those brief glimpses of color, the shapes of people, but everything was moving too fast to be sure of anything.

Rumia cast a dubious look over at Rin. "A memory," Rin explained. "One of mine. From a couple of hours ago."

"Oh. What's going on?"

"The tall youkai, the one that you seem to be…" Rin stopped talking immediately, her cheeks reddening. But Rumia caught on.

"The one I'm afraid of, right? Miss Yukari? Hey, she's scary. Everyone's afraid of her. What about her?"

Rin twirled a lock of her hair with her fingers and frowned. "Uh, she did something really weird with those holes, those gaps of hers. Pretty much she set it up so I was constantly falling through two of them, over and over."

"Oh."

"But yeah, anyway, they thought I was stuck and started talking about what they were going to do to me. I could still hear them and…Well, just listen."

Rumia frowned and did so. Like Rin said, there were people talking, but everything was covered with an irritating whooshing sound.

Rin noticed. "Yeah, sorry about the wind. Here, lemme see what I can do…"

She made a slight gesture, almost as if she were turning something with her fingers, and the whooshing noise faded into the background. At the same time, the sound of the voices increased. It still sounded odd, but at least Rumia could make out what they were saying.

"…all in favor of killing the bloody psychotic risk to life and limb, say aye."

"Aye."

"Aye. Sorry Yukari, she's just way too dangerous."

Rumia blinked. Even through the noise filter, she knew those voices. She turned her head towards Rim, who simply nodded and said, "Keep listening."

Yukari was talking. "…ending Rumia the first time around was problematic enough, but now we're dealing with someone that can take just about anything we can dish out."

Wait, what? What first time?

"Speaking of which, what about Rumia? I mean, she's still stuck in that thing. Is there any way we can get her out?"

"Are you daft? Have you been sleeping through that whole beat down? Even if we get her out, the ribbon thingy is gone, ze! Evil Rumia's back! Better to off them both."

"Whoa, wait a minute!" Rumia cried as she leapt to her feet. "Stop that thing!"

Rin gestured, and the ever-rising lines and wavering voices paused.

"What are they talking about, 'Evil Rumia'? There's only one Rumia, and that's me! And I definitely haven't gone anywhere, and I sure as hell aren't evil!"

Rin shook her head. "I don't know, I was trying to figure that out myself. But, uh, there is something…"

"What?"

"Just listen to the whole thing. I'll explain after."

The picture once again began moving in a manner that threatened to cause seizures. The ghost was talking now. "While the removal of the ribbon would return her to full power, we do not know if her memories would return as well. The wiping of her memory and the sealing of her power were two separate operations."

Rumia frowned and touched her hair in the spot where her ribbon used to be. What did that have to do with anything? Certainly, being unable to touch it was annoying, especially when she had an itch, but she never gave it much thought. She shook her head in confusion and turned her attention back to the memory.

"As much as it hurts to say so, I'm afraid I must agree with the witch," Yukari was saying. "It is my job to keep Gensokyo safe from threats such as this, and while Rumia could be said to be blameless in this situation, the risk is too great to allow her to wander free."

"Look, I don't really care for Rumia at all, and I am glad to beat her up whenever she starts getting stupid, but I don't like the idea of killing her just because of something that might happen. Why can't we just seal up her powers again? Unless you've forgotten how."

"Hardly. But even if we somehow managed to extract Rumia from within that thing, and even if she has not regained memory of what she once was, and even if we somehow restrained her long enough to create another amulet of sealing, what's to prevent something else from unleashing her once again? Reimu, this isn't one of the incidents you're used to dealing with. This isn't a case of someone with too much power growing bored and causing trouble. We are talking of a potential massacre here. Maybe even genocide."

"Okay, I've heard enough!" Rumia shouted. "Shut that thing off right now!

The voices cut off and the tear closed.

Rin looked up at her. "See, that's what I was talking about. They wanna kill us both! If I let you go now, they'll tear you to pieces!"

"No! You're lying! This has got to be a fake. There's no way they would…that I could be…AAAHHHH!"

Rumia grasped at her skull and fell to her knees. This had to be a trick. There was no other explanation. No way would they be out to kill her.

Yukari though…that she could almost believe.

Rin laid a hand on her shoulder. Rumia jumped away from her.

"No, don't touch me!" Rumia shouted. "You're lying to me! You're just trying to make me stay so you won't be left alone!"

Rin balled up her fists and stamped her foot in frustration. "No I'm not! Jeez, why does everyone always think I'm lying?"

"Oh, I don't know, let me think about that. Hmmm, maybe you're a psychopath who goes around eating people and sending them into complete darkness?"

"So do you!"

"No I…" Rumia stopped, and then continued. "Okay, maybe I do, but not like you do! And I'm not crazy like you! People don't try to lock me up in a box to get rid of me, and I definitely don't listen to imaginary voices that tell me to kill people!"

"I made a mistake! Years ago! And I told you, I have no idea where that voice came from! The only thing I know is that it never showed up until after you did!"

Rumia's nostrils flared. Suddenly, her fear was forgotten. In fact, she was about ready to test just how physical this illusionary body could get.

"You're saying that I was the one telling you to go all axe-crazy?" Rumia snarled as she stomped forward. "That's it. When I get done with you your mind is gonna start thinking sideways!"

She formed a fist and swung it at Rin's face.

Rin blurred and vanished right before knuckles made contact.

"Knock it off!" Rin shouted from behind.

Rumia whirled around. Rin was now standing there, looking irritated.

Scowling, Rumia tried to hit her again. Again Rin disappeared before being hit, only to reappear a few feet away.

"Rumia, seriously! Stop-"

Rumia swung again. The same thing happened.

"-being-"

Rumia swung again.

"-an-"

And again.

"-idiot! Okay, that's enough!"

Rumia froze in mid-swing, one foot braced in front of her, her fist only halfway past her own face. She grunted and tried to move, but with no success.

Rin appeared in front of her. "Will you please just knock it off!" she said. "I've had people beating me up all day and I'm getting real sick of it!"

She blinked once, and Rumia suddenly fell forward. Rin stepped aside, letting Rumia land face first on the expanse of nothing.

"I don't know why I even bother," Rin muttered as she walked away. "I do my best to be all honest and make up with people, and they keep trying to smash me flat! Not my fault that the truth is so freaking weird."

"Truth?" Rumia said as she pushed herself up. "Truth of what? You've seen my memories, you know I didn't have anything to do with…whatever you think I did. What makes you so suspicious of me?"

Rin paused, her back still to Rumia. "Well, um, like I said I'm not sure what it was," she said, sounding uncertain of herself. "And the voice did sound a little different. Deeper, darker, more scary, you know? But uh, the voice?"

"Yeah?"

Rin turned. Her large blue eyes were troubled. "Rumia, it sounded like you."

…

The level of activity inside of Hourai Clinic stood in sharp contrast to its earlier snail pace. Now, like outside, the halls were filled with rabbits running to and fro, mostly maintenance and soldiers seeing to the damage. Yukari was reminded of blood cells frantically trying to clot up tears in the veins. She was sure Eirin would appreciate the image, though sharing a joke wasn't exactly high on her list of priorities.

She made her way through the clinic, ignoring the rabbits and the occasional dirty look they shot her. They could blame her and her friends all they wanted, but the fact of the matter is that this problem was their doing, not hers. She and her friends had been the ones trying to take Satsuki down while the rabbits had turned tail.

Her destination was another one of the emergency rooms, specifically the one nicknamed Marisa's Dumping Ground. As it was the one that saw the most business, it was the best equipped to handle the number of wounded the operation had incurred. Suika, Eirin and Reimu had been moved there after Satsuki's escape, and Tewi Inaba and Cirno had recently been added to the patient list.

Cirno…Yukari pursed her lips and marched forward.

As she neared the room, distinct voices rose above the general babble.

"…are you sure you haven't seen her?" she could hear Ran saying. Yukari's scowl deepened. She had a good idea what her Shikigami was talking about. To be truthful, Chen's disappearance was bothering her as well, though she would never admit it.

"Uh, no," said another voice, namely Cirno's. "Not since yesterday. We invited her to hang out, but she said she couldn't make it. Something about needing to get shot? I didn't get it. Hey, what are you doing with that pointy thing? Get away!"

Yukari quickened her pace, wincing at every step.

"I'm fine!" Cirno said. "Seriously, I don't need…I said get away with that thing! Wait a…Ow!"

Yukari approached the doorframe and saw Cirno sitting on a stool and being tended by Reisen. Ever since the rabbits' return, Reisen had taken over Eirin's duties as Head (and in truth, the only) Physician. Suika, Eirin, Reimu and now Tewi were lying in the room's four beds. Despite all the chaos taken place around her, Reimu had fallen fast asleep. Not surprising, considering how exhausted she must have been, thought Yukari suspected that Reisen and her drugs were equally to blame.

Ran was standing near Cirno. She glanced up as Yukari stepped into the room but looked away when she saw who it was. Yukari still caught the flash of resentment in her eyes, though.

Enough of this. Yukari walked up to her. "Go find your cat," she muttered.

Ran blinked in surprise and stared at her. "Seriously?"

"Just go," Yukari said wearily.

Ran looked like she was going to say more, but apparently thought better of it. She nodded her thanks and ran from the room. Now that was taken care of, Yukari focused her attention back on the fairy, who was still arguing with Reisen.

"You," Reisen said as she disposed of the syringe she had just stuck into Cirno, "just got blasted to atoms with not one, but two very powerful, not mention highly illegal, spells and were hastily thrown back together before your body was ready. I don't care what Mima says, you're not going anywhere until I'm sure there won't be any side effects."

"But I gotta find Rumia!" Cirno said, rubbing her arm. "She'll get hurt without me!"

Yukari took that moment to butt in. "You can forget that idea."

Reisen turned to glare at the ancient youkai. "I thought you checked yourself out."

"I did. But I still have business with some of your patients, starting with the little idiot here."

Cirno sat up straighter. "M-me?" she hiccupped.

"Yes, you. This whole disaster wouldn't have happened if it weren't for you and your stupid friends poking your noses where they don't belong."

"It wasn't our fault!" Cirno protested.

"Wait, hold up," Reisen said. "What are you talking about?"

"Haven't you heard?" Yukari told her. "Cirno and her friends here were the ones who stole the box Satsuki was trapped in. They were the ones who set that nightmare loose."

"We didn't know!" Cirno shouted back. "'Sides, Marisa stole the box before we did."

"Oh, believe me when I say I'll deal with her in due time. But for now I think you're long overdue for a lesson in actions and consequences."

To her credit, Cirno didn't back down. Instead, she hopped up and stood on the stool, fists up in a boxing stance. Yukari was almost amused. Almost. She took a threatening step forward.

Unfortunately, she never got further than that, as Reisen situated herself between the two. "All right, that's enough," she said, spreading her arms wide.

"Get out of my way, rabbit," Yukari told her, not taking her eyes off of Cirno.

"Yeah, I need to show her who's the strongest around here!" Cirno agreed.

Reisen ignored her. "You checked yourself out," she told Yukari. "Cirno hasn't. So she's still in my care until I say so. And I will be damned if I let anyone threaten my patients."

Yukari turned her attention to the rabbit. "I said. Get out. Of. My way."

Reisen's eyebrows dipped lower. "And I said back the hell off. This is my home, not yours."

Yukari returned the glare, but then she noticed that Reisen's scarlet eyes had started to glow. She quickly broke eye contact.

"Have it your way," Yukari said as she turned. "But this isn't over."

"Is is so long as you're here."

"What, you don't think I can take her?" Cirno said, sounding annoyed. "C'mon, let's do this!"

"Shut up," both Yukari and Reisen said at the same time. Cirno plopped back down on the stool and began to sulk.

"Fine, be that way," Cirno grumbled. She looked up to Reisen. "But seriously, what happened to Rumia? Why was she all black and scary looking?"

Yukari shot a glance down at Reisen, who was taking Cirno's blood pressure. "Well? Will you tell her or should I?"

Reisen sighed. "Cirno, that wasn't Rumia. That was the…person who, uh, ate her."

"What? That blob thing? But it didn't look like that before!"

"That's what she does when she absorbs someone. She uses their power to make a body that sort of looks like them. But it's not them."

Cirno just looked confused. "Whhhaaatttt?"

"Don't think about it too much," Yukari grumbled. "In fact, don't think at all. Stick to what you know."

"But…what about Rumia? Is she still alive?"

"No," Yukari said.

"Yes," said Reisen, at exactly the same time. They glared at each other.

"She is, and she can be saved," Reisen continued to Yukari's annoyance. "But please, please, please let us handle this. We've dealt with the situation before, and can do so again."

"But how?"

"Does it matter?" Yukari snapped. "You heard the lady. Shut up and keep the hell away from this operation."

Reisen snapped to her feet. "Yakumo, if I have to warn you again, I will have security escort you off the premises!"

Yukari wondered if they would be capable of removing her, wound or no wound. In a brief flash of rage, she was seriously tempted to put that question to the test. However, the situation at hand brought her back to her senses. Getting into a fight with Eientei when she possibly needed them the most would be pointless.

"Fine. The fairy wasn't my main purpose here anyway," she muttered as she turned to the beds.

Eirin, who was now wide awake and watching the whole exchange with an amused look on her bruised face, managed a half-smirk. "I have to say, Yakumo," she said in a scratchy voice. "Your skills at diplomacy continue to astound me."

"Glad to see you're awake," Yukari said. "And if you're strong enough to be a wiseass, you're strong enough to answer a few questions."

"I suppose it's inevitable," Eirin sighed. She levered herself up into a sitting position. Then she pushed away the sheets and swung her legs over the side of the bed. "Well?" she said. "Don't just stand there. Give me a hand."

"Eirin? Eirin, what the hell do you think you're doing!" Reisen cried. "You just had a near-brush with death! Literally! Get back in bed!"

"It's okay, Reisen," Eirin said as Yukari helped her to her feet. "I'm made of sturdier stuff than that. Plus, as I understand it, Yukari here has personally ensured that I will lose no more ground, correct?" When Yukari nodded, Eirin said, "There, you see? I'll be fine."

"No, absolutely not!" Reisen shouted. "I'm not going to let you go off-"

"Reisen," Eirin said, her voice tinged with a note of warning. Apparently that was all it took. Reisen flinched and backed off.

"Good girl." Eirin looked up at Yukari. "Shall we continue this conversation somewhere where we'll have some privacy? Say, my office?"

"Works for me."

Eirin took a step forward and stumbled. Reisen rushed to her side and stopped her from falling. "Well, that was predictable," Eirin muttered. "Reisen, go grab me a set of those crutches."

Reisen looked like she wanted to protest, but she held her tongue and did was told. Eirin placed the crutches under her armpits, took an experimental step forward, and nodded her satisfaction.

"Good. Reisen, Yukari and I are going to have a private chat. Carry on as you have done."

Reisen frowned, but she nodded.

"Good. Yukari, follow me."

Eirin hobbled from the room, somehow making it look dignified. Yukari started to follow, but something grabbed hold of her, forcing her to stop. She looked to see Reisen holding her by the sleeve.

"If anything happens to her," Reisen said in a low voice, "if she hurts herself because of you, you'll answer to me. Personally."

"Really now," Yukari said icily. "Well, I'll keep that in mind. Now, if you'll excuse me…"

Reisen released her arm, allowing Yukari to follow after the rabbit's master.

"I have to say," Eirin said as Yukari caught up. "I'm actually impressed with how Reisen's stepped up and taken charge. She's rarely this authoritative. Perhaps I should start trusting her with more responsibility. Don't tell her I said that, though. It's just go to her head."

Yukari frowned. "If you say so."

Eirin smiled at her. "Oh, don't let that little spat get to you. Given that Kaguya's been kidnapped and Tewi and I have been forced to lay aside our duties, she is technically the acting Head of Eientei, in additional to her duties as physician. I would imagine that the stress is weighing on her, especially considering everything else that's happened. Besides, you wouldn't want someone challenging your authority in your own house either."

"At this point, I could care less about your pet's attitude," Yukari snapped. "All I want now are some answers."

"And I'll give them to you. Here we go…"

They reached a door near the wreckage of the waiting room. With her free hand, Eirin reached into her dress and extracted a small key. With this, she unlocked the door and pushed it open.

"After you," she said. Yukari went in.

As would be expected from Eirin, her office reflected the epitome of neatness. No loose papers, no excess dust on the furniture, the carpeted floor was free from stains and everything looked like it had been placed there with a purpose. Two filing cabinets sat in the back of the room behind a simple oak desk, which Yukari supposed to have predated the clinic's construction. Two leather chairs sat in front of the desk and, curiously enough, several framed pictures and other memorabilia lined the walls. Yukari was actually surprised by this, as she never took Eirin for the sentimental type.

Eirin limped around the desk and lowered herself into the black leather chair with a look of relief. She indicated for Yukari to have a seat.

"I'd rather stand," Yukari said crossly.

Eirin sighed. "Yukari, there's no one here besides you and me, and we both know that wound of yours cannot be comfortable. There will be no slight on your pride just by sitting. Besides, this is going to be a long story."

Yukari frowned, but she nodded. She sat down in one of the seats in front of the desk.

"Now," Yukari said as she shifted her body into a position that was at least somewhat comfortable. "Tell me about Rin Satsuki."

…

Deep Within

Rumia stared at Rin. She tried to think of something to say, but her brain was locked up.

"But…" she started, and stopped.

She glanced over her shoulder. Kaguya and Mokou had stopped their muffled conversation and were now watching her and Rin interact. Wonderful, now they had an audience.

Rumia shook her head. She tried again. "You, uh, you mind saying that again?"

In answer, Rin waved her hand. This time, there was no tear in the nothingness around them, no strange visuals to accompany the memory. Instead, there were just voices, seemingly coming from all around. The first one was Rin's.

"Please, somebody help…"

"Well, I do believe that's my cue."

Rumia jumped with a squeak of surprise. The voice did sound a great deal like her, but like Rin said, it was much deeper, much more sinister sounding, much more…well, evil.

"Rumia!" Rin said in her own memory. "But I-"

"Rumia?" the dark voice said. "Heh, not quite."

"Who are you?"

"A friend. One you cannot afford to ignore."

Rin waved her hand again.

"You are entirely too merciful for your own good. She's not even unconscious! You should have decapitated her on your way up."

Again.

"Think of my as your conscience. Except instead of telling you what's 'good and proper', I tell you what's smart. I'm the part of your mind that's not deluding itself with ideas of 'redemption' and 'acceptance'. I'm the part of you that tells it as it is, that you are going to be hated by everything and everyone no matter what you do, so you might as well become what they're going to accuse you of anyway. Because you have no chance of surviving otherwise."

And again.

"Okay, last chance. If you're so concerned about hurting her, then just stab her through the brain before she gets up. Quick, painless, done."

"But-"

"I do not care. Do it."

Rumia couldn't take it anymore. "Okay, stop!" she shouted. "I get it! Stop!"

Rin snapped her fingers, and the voices cut off. "You see what I mean? And that's just a small fraction. That thing was whispering in my ear on and off for…I don't know, half-an-hour? It kept trying to get me to kill everyone. And it actually took over my body twice."

"What?"

"See? I didn't get it either! The first time I, uh, kinda let it." When Rumia's jaw fell, Rin quickly added, "It was when I was captured and they were talking about how to kill us, I was desperate! But the second time, it just slipped in and took over. I didn't even notice until after it had absorbed those two." She motioned towards Kaguya and Mokou.

"And when I retook control, I felt something crawling around in my head," Rin continued. "Something…disgusting. Creepy. It made me feel dirty." She shuddered. "But it was only for like a second, and then it was gone, I have no idea where."

"Is that so."

"Yes! I know you don't know where it came from, but still…there's something very weird about you."

"Me?" Rumia growled. "We are standing naked inside your head while you go flying around in a body that you stitched together from three different people and there's something weird about me?"

Rin flinched. "Okay, point. But I know where my weirdness came from. You…Rumia, what's the earliest thing you remember?"

"What? I don't know." Rumia thought hard, tracing her thought back through the years. "I'm…not really sure. Fending for myself in the Forest of Magic, I guess. When I was younger, and before I met my friends."

"So you don't know where you came from? Family, origin, anything?"

"Uh, no. Not really. Wriggle says I was probably a shadow of someone that stuck around after the real person died and…just became a youkai, I guess." She shrugged. "Things like that have happened before, so it's a good explanation as any. Hey, you read my mind and all, you tell me."

Rin shook her head. "I've tried that, but it's a lot of memory to sift through. Haven't been able to come up with any…But there is one thing I've noticed."

Now Rumia was completely interested. She still didn't buy all this bullcrap about her being some sort of devil on Rin's shoulder, but she was curious about what Rin had found, even if the thought of her clawing through Rumia's memories made her feel…violated, on a very primal level.

Rin continued. "Well, it's not so much of a thing as a lack of a thing, but when I…well, you know, absorbed you and all that? I got a lot of power from you, and I mean a lot. Didn't think too much of it at first, since there's a whole bunch of really powerful people running around, and I was just happy to have a real body again. But after awhile I got a little confused. See, there is nothing in your memories that shows that you even knew you had that kind of strength. Nothing about summoning swords or making plants die or leaving taints or weird darkness spears or darkness tentacles or darkness…pretty much anything you can think of, really."

Rumia felt cold inside. "You got all that from me?"

"Uh-huh. Scary, I know. And like I said, there was a lot of stuff in your memories about making the lights go away, but nothing like what I was using. Rumia, I almost won."

Rumia made a choking sound. "Wait, hold up! You…but Miss Yukari! And Miss Reimu, and Miss Marisa! And the…what?"

"Exactly! And it wasn't that hard! And I managed to get away anyway! So that's why I was wondering…do you remember anything? Anything at all?"

"No, I don't remember anything about that! I'm not any kind of evil super person! I'm just Rumia! I can't shoot evil missiles, or make evil swords out of nothing, or anything like that! I don't know where the hell you're getting all this, but it's not from me."

"It is," Rin said softly. She sat knelt down and folded her arms. Her eyes stared downward.

"No it's not!" Rumia shouted back. "There's just no way!"

"If you say so, but if not you, then where?"

Several answers sprung to Rumia's mind. Rin had always had that power and just didn't know. Rin was lying to her about the battle. Rin was lying to her about not knowing anything about the power. Rin was lying to her about the voice. Rin was lying to her, period.

"I don't know where," Rumia said. "And you know that I don't know. So stop accusing me!"

"I'm not! I'm just…ah, forget it."

An uneasy silence passed between them. Rin kept staring downward, while Rumia started pacing back and forth. Back a ways, near the screen, their new roommates had begun a more subdued conversation. It sounded like they were whispering to each other. Again, Rumia wondered how they were able to communicate. Maybe they just understood the tones.

She stopped pacing and shook her head. She was tired of being in the dark, metaphorically speaking. "Hey, uh, Rin?"

"What?"

"Where did your weirdness come from?"

"Huh?"

"How did you become like, you know, this?"

Rin sighed and ran a hand through her hair. "Oh wow. That's a kinda long story."

Rumia looked around. "I don't see us having anything else to do." Her eyes narrowed. "Besides, you owe it to me."

"Yeah, I guess I do. Okay, fine, but I don't know if you're gonna like it…"

…

"Rin Satsuki, huh?" Eirin sighed. "Well like I said, that's a bit of a long story."

"Start at the beginning, then," Yukari said. "What is she and how do you know her?"

"A youkai. Just a simple youkai. A Kirin, if you want to be specific."

This news was troubling. The Kirin were anything but simple. For one thing, they were high on the youkai social ladder. Very high. Almost the level of dragons, to be exact. While they mostly kept to themselves and preferred not to involve themselves with outside trouble, the amount of influence they wielded when they did was not insignificant. And while they weren't unfriendly or especially violent, they did not react well to attacks on one of their own.

"How in the world did you wind up with a Kirin?"

"By accident, believe it or not. About, oh, nineteen years ago, two rabbits were kidnapped. Infants. Even though they weren't ours, we are allied with the local tribes, and they appealed to us for help." Eirin shrugged. "It seemed a simple enough matter, so we said yes. It didn't take long. The kidnappers had set up camp a few miles north of the forest. As we had not gone public yet, they were entirely unaware of our existence." Eirin smiled at the memory. "So it was quite the shock for them when the Eientei Guard showed up in the middle of the night."

"Who were they?"

"Just a couple of Humans. Slavers, to be exact. No one of any importance. Not then, and thanks to us, they never will be."

Yukari nodded. Rabbits in general weren't all that dangerous, but the Guard knew their business. "And then what?"

"The children were terrified, but unharmed," Eirin said. "We returned them to their family with little more trouble. However, as it turned out, the young rabbits weren't the slavers' first victims. We found another child locked in a cage, a toddler."

"Satsuki," Yukari growled. It wasn't a question.

"Indeed," Eirin said calmly. "I really must give those slavers credit. Acquiring her must not have been easy. I've never actually had any dealings with the Kirin, but I know their reputation."

"Maybe they found her wandering around," Yukari suggested. "Or something had happened to her parents."

"It's possible. At any rate, not knowing what else to do, the Guard brought her back with them."

"Why didn't you return her as well?" Yukari asked. The thought of keeping a baby Kirin, especially one that had been kidnapped, sounded almost suicidal.

Eirin pursed her lips. "I wanted to, but Kaguya overruled me."

"Why?"

"As I said, this was before we had gone public. The rabbits and a select few others were the only ones who were even aware of our presence, and we were determined to keep it that way. Kaguya feared that having any dealing with youkai of such high prestige, even on such a small level, would eventually find its way back to the Lunarians."

Yukari scowled. "That's just paranoid. It would be more dangerous to keep a missing child when its family would come looking for it. Besides, you could have just had one of the rabbits drop it off."

"Exactly. However, I don't know if you've noticed, but Kaguya can be somewhat…stubborn. The last time we had revealed ourselves had eventually resulted in the creation of Mokou, after all. And she is my princess."

"God save us from lunatic princesses," Yukari said, shaking her head. "So you didn't take the kid back. Bad idea, we all agree. What happened then?"

"Well, by then some of the other rabbits had grown fond of her. Reisen especially seemed to enjoy spending time with the girl. So they asked if they could raise her. I didn't see the harm beyond what has already been noted, so I said yes."

The thought of Kaguya's pet having a pet of her own almost made Yukari smile. Almost. "That was very kind of you. Pity she turned out to be such a nightmare. Surprising, considering how peaceful the Kirin are. Wonder what that means in the Nature vs. Nurture debate, eh?"

"That's cute. Can we stay focused here?"

…

Deep Within

"The funny thing about all this," Rin waved an indicating arm at the nothing around them, "is that I can read minds, dig through memories, and even warp the mind-bodies of anyone that gets sucked into me…but not my own, at least not any of my memories before the change. And no, I have no idea why. I'm sure there's some big mystical/scientific reason, but for now it means I don't really remember a lot about growing up. Reisen told me that they saved me from some bad people, but I really don't remember much about that at all. 'Course, I was just a baby when it was supposed to happen, so I guess that makes sense."

She and Rumia were now sitting cross-legged across from one another. Even Kaguya and Mokou had fallen silent and appeared to be listening intently to the story.

Rumia leaned forward. "You think maybe they were the ones to kidnap you?" she asked. "Eirin and the others?"

Kaguya made a sudden noise of protest. Both Rin and Rumia twisted their necks around to stare at her. She started squealing something incomprehensible and violently shaking her head.

"Uh, what's she saying?" Rumia asked.

Rin cleared her throat. "Something to the effect of 'We never kidnapped you, you little trollop! We saved your crazy rear from slavers! We took you in and raised you and this is how you…' well, you get the idea."

Kaguya made more noises.

"Yeah, I'm not gonna translate that," Rin said. "Anyways, no, I don't think they kidnapped me. Kaguya's memories pretty much confirmed that. Though I do something wonder about Eirin, you know? Like, maybe she was looking for a new test subject. Especially considering everything that went down…"

Once again, Kaguya started protesting incoherently. An annoyed look crossed Rin's face, and she waved a hand in the princess's direction. Kaguya's ravings suddenly cut off. She looked surprised and tried to make more noises, but no sound came out. Mokou's shoulders started shaking as she made stifled laughing noises. Rin waved her hand again and these too cut off, to Mokou's obvious distress.

"Sorry about that," Rin said. "You really don't wanna know what she was saying."

Rumia stared at the casual display of total control with a look of horrified fascination. She started when she realized that Rin was speaking to her again.

"Oh…oh, of course not!" she said, laughing nervously. "A-anyway, you were saying?"

"Right. Okay, like I was saying I grew up at Eientei. Reisen…" a small, wistful smile tugged at the corners of Rin's mouth. "Well, she wasn't really like my mom, more like a big sister. But she still pretty much raised me. Some of the other rabbits helped too. Sayu, Maki, Shiina, and the rest. They were all like my big sisters." She frowned. "Not Tewi, though. I don't think she ever really liked me all that much, and Reisen said she was a bad influence. But yeah, they'd play with me, take me for walks, taught me how to read and write and do math and chemistry and quantum physics…"

"Chemiwhat? Quatuwhat?"

"Oh. That's right, you never…uh, it's science stuff."

"Oh." Rumia interest immediately waned. "I thought they were some sort of game."

"No. They're definitely not. But anyway, as I got older I'd start helping out around the mansion. You know, running errands, cleaning up, washing dishes, that sort of thing. I liked being useful. Then when I got even older, I knew what I wanted to be."

…

"She wanted to be like me," Eirin said wryly. "I have no idea why. The gods know I paid her little enough attention. She was always just Reisen's little pet to me, and I never even let her in the infirmary."

Yukari scratched her jaw. "That was probably the reason why. It's been my experience that kids tend to look up to those aloof and distant. It makes them seem powerful."

"Are we speaking from personal experience here?"

Yukari shrugged, but she didn't answer.

"At any rate, I wasn't too fond of the idea," Eirin said. "The way I saw it, no one had any right to be touching my equipment except for me and occasionally Reisen when I was watching her very carefully. Still, she was rather persistent." Eirin rolled her eyes. "You ever known a child that wanted something and would not take 'no' for an answer?"

"I live with Chen."

"Right. Okay, so you know what it's like. So finally, I told her that if she wanted to become a physician, she had to pass the required training."

Yukari's eyebrows went up and down. "Let me guess: your idea of 'required training' was a bit more…difficult than most, to discourage her."

Eirin shrugged. "No more than what I experienced myself, back in the Lunarian capital. Though I have to admit, I did not expect her to last long. Like I said, she was just that annoying kid that followed Reisen around. But to my absolute surprise, she actually managed to survive." Eirin's fingers drummed a beat on the desk as a frown knitted her brows together. "In fact, she damned well excelled. There was nothing I could throw at her that she couldn't handle. Anatomy, proper sterilization, surgical procedures and so on. I guess it was her Kirin heritage at work. Always heard they were supposed to be intelligent. But…damn."

"Disappointed by the lack of disappointment?"

"I didn't say that. I just said I was surprised."

"No wonder Reisen's the only one who hangs out with you."

"Yukari," Eirin said in a threatening tone.

Yukari held her hands up in a defensive gesture. "Sorry, I get snippy when I'm exhausted and have a gash of death along one side.

"Whereas I was fatally wounded and practically dragged from my near-deathbed to give you answers. Please Yukari, at least try avoid making this less pleasant than it already is."

Yukari nodded once is agreement. "Okay. So anyway, she turned out to be a model student," she said to bring the conversation back on track. "Good for her."

"Well, not quite," Eirin said. "She did well in the medical aspect, certainly, but not so well in other areas."

"Such as…?"

Eirin braced both hands against her chairs armrests and pushed herself up. She turned to the wall and carefully pulled down a framed diploma that looked as old as Yukari was. In the space previously occupied by the frame was an old steel safe.

Yukari had to choke back laughter, even if the very effort sent pain lacing through her burn. "A wall safe? Hidden behind a picture frame? Isn't that a little clichéd?"

In response, Eirin picked up a blank piece of paper from her desk. This she crumpled into a ball and tossed at the safe's door.

The wad of paper froze in midair less than a centimeter before contact. There came a sudden high-pitched whining sound, and the paper shook slightly. Then it crumbled to dust.

Yukari's eyebrows raised in surprise. "Oh," was all she could think of to say.

"Clichés are considered such because they're overused," Eirin said, twisting the dial lock of the safe. "And sometimes they're overused because they work. And if it doesn't, than the spell will ruin the day of any who isn't me or has been personally authorized to access its contents. Now, turn around."

"Why?"

"Because I am about to open my safe, that's why. Turn around, and leave your portals alone. And don't try peeking at some other time. There are safeguards against that as well."

Yukari smirked, but she did as she was asked. As she did so, she asked, "This secret safe thing that only you can touch: does Kaguya have access?"

There was a pause, and Eirin said, "I'm loyal to my Princess. That doesn't mean I'm an idiot about it."

"Thought so."

"Of course you did. You may face me again."

Yukari did so. The framed diploma was already back in its place. Eirin was sitting back in her chair with a file folder sitting on the desk before her, one that age was starting to brown. There was a large scarlet X drawn along the folder side. It didn't take a flash of brilliance to figure out what that meant.

Eirin opened the file as she talked. "All of our employees are required to pass a self-defense class, regardless of position. Given our status as exiles and the long standing feud with that bloody Mokou, it only makes sense. Especially then, as we had not made peace with the Lunarian government yet. The class in question covers most of the basics. Spellcards, bullet firing and dodging, grazing at the more advanced levels, as well as hand-to-hand combat. Fairly simple stuff, all around."

Yukari saw where this was going. "But Satsuki wasn't exactly, ah, up to snuff?"

Eirin's lip curled. She opened the file. "Far from it. In fact, she was downright awful. We only pitted her against other low-skill trainees, aspiring cooks and the like, and she'd still get her ass kicked every single sparring match. She was unable to grasp the most basic styles and all of her so-called 'spellcards' were in name only!" She picked up one of the papers in the file. "I mean, look at this! 'Wind Sign: Calming Breeze'? Give me a break. 'Flower Sign: Gently Wafting Petals'? Good gods, what was that supposed to be? And don't get me started on the hand-to-hand stuff. The girl had trouble forming a proper fist, much less hitting someone without hurting herself in the process!"

Yukari looked down at the bandage covering her mutilated torso, still visible beneath the ripped tatters of her robe. "Looks like she's stepped up her game since then."

"Yes, I noticed that," Eirin said. A trouble look passed over her face. "Even during her first rampage she never…Well, we'll have to look into that later. But my point it, back then she just plain sucked. We went easier on her than anyone else, worked more slowly with her, took extra time to teach her the proper methods and technique, pitted her against the weakest opponents we could find, and she just wouldn't get it. I ask you, Yukari. What is a teacher supposed to do with a student like that?"

…

Deep Within

"So she couldn't drive me off with medicine, so she tried just having me beat up over and over until I gave up," Rin said. There was a distinct note of bitterness in her voice. "She said everyone had to pass the same class. What a load of crap. Did everyone have to square off against the Guard's kickboxing champion their very first day? Did everyone have to get pushed into the sparring ring three times a day? Was everyone taught submission holds by having the teachers demonstrate the holds on them?"

Rumia winced at the image. "Ouch."

"I know, right? And when I refused to quit, she just kept upping it and upping it and upping it…You know how I was taught how to dodge bullets? Real bullets. Like from a gun."

"Are you serious? Is that even legal?"

"I have no idea. And it hurt." Rin rubbed her arm. "A lot. But by that point I just wanted to prove to Eirin that I could do it, so I stuck with it. Then, something weird began to happen."

"What?"

"I started lasting longer during fights, at least the danmaku kind. At first, I thought it just meant I was finally getting better, though I should've known better to think that. But no, it was something else entirely."

…

"Her natural abilities were finally making themselves known," Eirin said. She flipped through the file's papers and pulled out another. "To be honest, I had been wondering when they would appear. When she was growing up, she didn't seem to be able to do anything beyond fly and shoot very sad looking bullets, no more than anyone else was able to do. It was disappointing, as I had expected a bit more from a Kirin. But as it turned out, she could do something. Something very interesting."

Yukari steepled her fingers and nodded solemnly. "Adaptation."

"Correct. Not too dissimilar to the small boost of energy that we receive whenever we graze bullets, actually. But much, much more effective." Eirin pushed the paper towards Yukari, who took it. It was an ability sheet, such as any decent place of employment might use to keep track of what an employee was capable of. It was only good business, as if your new dishwasher was able to call up flames from the very pit of hell, than you would want to know about it first.

As it was, Rin Satsuki's numbers weren't all that impressive. High points for intelligence and factual learning, with abysmal scores in physical and most magical abilities. Her flight speed was a bit below average and her danmaku skills were so low that it actually made Yukari embarrassed for the girl. However, when it came to special abilities, there was a sudden spike in power. Alongside the bar was a scribbled note in Eirin's spidery handwriting: Bullet/Magic Absorption: possible divine levels? Must investigate further.

"Interesting," Yukari muttered.

"Oh, believe me, it was. Now, her powers weren't nearly as potent as you saw today. It took a prolonged exposure to the same energy wavelength before her body got used to and would be able to absorb energy. Even then, a concentrated barrage could still take her down."

Yukari handed the paper back to Eirin. "That doesn't sound so divine. Interesting, but not divine."

"I wasn't referring to what she had, I was thinking about what she could become." A small glitter of excitement sparkled in Eirin's eye, even through the swollenness. "Think about it, Yukari. Such abilities have been known to have been experimented with and expanded beyond their initial levels. If someone could develop the ability to actually absorb energy…"

"They would be nothing short of invincible," Yukari finished for her. A sick feeling formed in her stomach that had nothing to do with the taint. "You wanted to turn Satsuki into a weapon."

Eirin sighed, blowing a stray strand of hair out of her face. "No, I didn't. Not Satsuki. Maybe you missed the part about her not being able to fight? But I did want to her to learn more about her abilities and increase them. And from there…" The Lunarian doctor hesitated. "Well, I wanted to find a way to harvest them, and transfer them over to those who could fight. In a way that didn't hurt the original possessor, of course. Reisen would never let me hear the end of it."

Yukari tapped her lower lip and scowled. "You do realize that I established danmaku and spellcard rules for a reason, correct? And that I put a lot of effort into making sure everyone in Gensokyo played by them."

"Even though we were effectively fugitives who were only hiding in Gensokyo by chance?" Eirin said wryly. "Besides, we still intended to follow your rules, even if we didn't know whose rules they were. We would just have…an edge, should anyone choose to attack us."

"Really. And Kaguya never expressed any desire to use these abilities for more ambitious purposes?"

"Like I said, I'm not an idiot. Kaguya usually leaves my studies alone, and what she doesn't know doesn't hurt her. Besides, she's invulnerable already. At any rate, once we did figure out what Satsuki was potentially capable of, a deal was struck. She would be allowed to skip the self-defense class and go straight to helping Reisen and me in the infirmary as a nurse, and in exchange I would get to run some tests on her abilities."

"Tests?" Yukari blinked. "What kind of tests?"

"Prolonged exposure to low levels of energy, try to have her concentrate and absorb physical objects, see if the energy she absorbed affected her own bullets, that sort of thing. Nothing dangerous. All altruism aside, we didn't want to risk hurting her before we could figure out a way to extract her powers."

…

Deep Within

"She pretty much turned me into her lab bunny," Rin growled. Her fists were clenched and trembling. She bared her teeth in an angry grimace. "She'd stick me in an empty room and just bombard with whatever she could think of. Lasers, intense heat and cold, invisible force, whatever! She'd line me up against a wall and have the Guard use me for target practice. All just to see how much I could take."

Rumia scratched her forehead. "And you just let her?"

"What else was I gonna do, say no? Eirin's the second in command of Eientei. What she says goes. Though I did try to complain to Princess Kaguya once. Yeah, that pretty much went nowhere."

Rumia glanced at the princess in question. Kaguya just rolled her eyes and shook her head.

"Yeah, but anyway, she started to get the results she wanted, but it was way too slow," Rin continued. "I was adapting, but it wasn't to any level that would be useful for combat. So she decided to cheat."

…

"In time, it became apparent that I was doing it all wrong," Eirin said. "Certainly Rin's abilities were improving, but I could tell that even with the eternity available to us, it just wasn't at any rate that would prove useful in the long term. Besides, no possibility for safe extraction of her abilities was making itself available. The problem was that we were limited by the resources at hand. Despite being fairly well off for the simple task of hiding, all we had were what we had brought with us when we fled the moon and whatever we managed to make ourselves or trade with the rabbits. And since the rabbits were our only trade option, we were limited in what we could use. This was an experiment that required both magical and scientific resources far beyond what we had at hand."

Yukari grimaced. "Don't let Reimu hear you say that. She gets a bit cranky about the science stuff."

"Her loss. If magic could solve everything I wouldn't be needed, now would I? At any rate, we weren't about to go and expose ourselves just for one experiment. Fortunately, I soon discovered that I did know someone else in Gensokyo. An old acquaintance, one who had visited the moon on a number of occasions back when Kaguya was still in power, and whom I had worked with personally on at least one of her operations."

"Who? What operations?"

In response, Eirin pulled out a photograph and passed it to her. The photo was dulling with age, but the picture of a tall, elegant young woman with braided silver hair and red eyes was still clearly visible. If that alone was not enough to tip off Yukari as to the young woman's identity, than the pale blue maid outfit she wore and the silver-bladed knife she held in one hand made it completely obvious.

"No doubt you're familiar with the previous career of the person now calling herself Sakuya Izayoi as a celebrated monster hunter," Eirin said. "She helped the Lunarian Royal Family dispose of some unwanted pests several times. I was rather surprised to find that she was now serving one of the monsters she had once hunted. In fact, I found the irony hilarious, though I would never tell her that to her face."

"Of course not," Yukari muttered. The picture Eirin was painting was becoming more and more troubling by the second. Yukari's relationship with Remilia Scarlet and her entourage had always been a working one at best. Although she had no reason why they could not stay in Gensokyo, she had always been a little wary about their presence. Vampires were notoriously shifty in their dealings, and if the denizens of the Scarlet Devil Mansion were involved in this caper, than that opened the door for any number of problematic possibilities.

Plus, there was that crazy sister they kept locked up in the basement…

Then again, given that Cirno had mentioned that Marisa had acquired the box from Patchouli Knowledge, another member of Remilia's entourage, Yukari supposed she should have seen this coming.

"So, you turned to the vampire for help," Yukari said. "I can't imagine that it was inexpensive."

"Actually, I never even met with Remilia," Eirin said. "Fortunately for me, at least at the time, she was away from Gensokyo, visiting relatives back in the Outside World. Sakuya was left in charge, which made things considerably easier. Given our experience working together in the past and that she was sympathetic toward our current status as exiles, she was willing to help. In exchange for a portion of the formula itself, of course."

"I see. Continue."

"What I needed was a sorcerer, a magician. I'm no slouch when it comes to magical matters, and neither is Kaguya, but magic is not our main field of study. I needed someone who pursued the mystic arts as a lifestyle. And as it so happened, Sakuya knew such a person. I think you know who I mean."

Patchouli. Of course. Yukari sighed. She didn't have anything personal against the magician, but the amount of knowledge she possessed was potentially dangerous if used for the wrong reasons. She glanced down at her bandage and the wound it covered. Check that, it had been used for the wrong reasons, and the results were clear to see.

"Miss Knowledge was also willing to lend her assistance," Eirin said. "The experiment interested her, and she wanted to see what would happen. So it was settled: everything I knew about the body combined with my vast knowledge of chemistry and medicine combined with her arcane prowess, and together we were going to revolutionize danmaku duels, at least for our own personal use. Now the only thing left was to acquire some decent equipment. Sakuya had some suggestions down that line…"

…

Deep Within

"She brought in a couple of crazy-ass, bloody-minded, artery snipping, laws of nature warping, absolutely off their rockers humans," Rin growled. "I mean, Eirin was bad enough. The stuff she would slip into our food! But they had to bring in two legit mad scientists!" She took in a shaky breath. "Eirin wanted me to be experimented on by two mad scientists! And she has the nerve to call me the monster!"

"Who were they? Do you remember their names?"

"Remember their names? Of course I do!" Rin laughed, a sound that was a little crazier than Rumia was comfortable with. "Rika and Rikako Asakura, sisters in crime! My gods, those two were crazy! You wanna know the first thing they wanted to do when they got brought into the experiment? Electrocute me, just to see my progress."

Rumia didn't recognize the names, but that wasn't surprising. She tended to keep away from human settlements, and the number of humans she interacted with on a semi-regular basis could be counted on two hands. Maybe even one.

"Why didn't you say 'no', then?" Rumia asked. "I mean, if someone wanted to shoot me with lightning, I would be all like 'Over my dead body!'" She frowned. "Which would end up being the case, actually."

"I wanted to, but they told me it was too late to back out. I should've just run away. That's it, I should've run away. Would've saved everyone a whole lotta grief."

…

"The operation itself was risky, I'll admit it, but at the time it seemed to be worth it. What we planned to do was artificially accelerate the the development of her abilities, while at the same time tricking Rin's body into thinking the power increase was natural. So the five of us, Patchouli, Sakuya, the Asakura sisters and I, worked together to produce a new kind of elixir. Just as the original Hourai elixir used Kaguya's power over eternity as a base, this one used Sakuya's control over space and time to create the illusion of several decades' worth of power development. This would then been injected straight into Rin herself."

"Did you at least test it first?" Yukari asked.

Eirin looked puzzled. "What do you mean? We were testing it. On Rin."

Yukari sighed. She supposed this sort of attitude was to be expected from Eirin. "Never mind. So anyway, let me guess what happened: it worked, but not in the way you were expecting. Rin's powers shot up by a hundredfold, but it made her go crazy and attack everyone in sight."

"Close, very close," Eirin said. "Yes, the experiment was a success. Too much of a success. Only hours after the elixir was injected, she was able to adapt to new kinds of energy in seconds, something that usually took some weeks to happen. But when we were patting each other on the back and breaking out the champagne, something began to happen." Eirin's eyes became unfocused. At first Yukari was worried that her injuries were starting to send her into a daze, but she kept talking at the same, steady pace. It was just the reliving of the memory that was affecting her. "Rin began to change."

…

Deep Within

"I was melting!" Rin said in a horrified voice. She wrapped her arms around herself and her eyes focused downward, at a spot between her and Rumia. "My body just started melting like I was made of wax. I could feel all my organs turning to jelly and fusing together. My sight grew hazy as my eyes liquefied, my ears were shrinking and being reabsorbed into my skull and my throat was closing up and my whole body was drooping down, down, down…" The rest of the description was swallowed up by whimpering noises.

…

"No one really knows what happened," Eirin muttered. "This sort of thing literally had never happened before, at least not to my knowledge, and once she finished it was impossible to extract any data that would tell us why. The most popular theory is that her body was adapting to itself, with all her cells trying to imitate their neighbors. At any rate, once she finished, she was no longer even recognizable as a living being. In fact, she looked like a…"

"…large transparent blob," Yukari finished for her. "Appearing to be a large wad of clear mucus or a surprisingly tough bead of water."

Eirin nodded. "So you've seen her in her 'natural' state, if that word applies."

"No, but I've spoken to those who have."

"Ah, right. The fairy. I heard the two of you, heh, 'talking'. I presume she was one of the witnesses you mentioned earlier?"

Yukari nodded.

"I see. Cirno is very, very lucky then. It could have been her that Rin took for a joyride."

"I wish it was. Our job would be so much easier then."

Eirin smiled, though there was no humor in the expression. "Perhaps. Perhaps at first, but if she wasn't put down quickly than it would soon become very, very difficult, as difficult as what we did encounter. That's how it worked last time. It started small, but it quickly grew to a full catastrophe."

"How so?"

"Well, at first we thought that the metamorphosis had killed Rin, but when the, erm, blob started responding to our probing, it eventually because obvious that her mind was still intact. How this was possible without her actually having a physical brain, I do not know. But this is Gensokyo, after all. Strange things do happen."

"You mean like how one of my best friends is a ghost who's still capable of eating solid foods despite not having a physical stomach?" Yukari suggested.

"Yes, exactly like-"

"Or how bits and pieces of trash can become sentient and start walking around for no discernable reason? And take on the appearance of young humans in the process?"

"Also correct. And-"

"Or how back when you and your bubble-headed princess decided to screw up the moon, I was able to just stop night for as long as I wanted, even though doing so meant interfering with the Earth's rotation and potentially wreaking havoc on the weather conditions? And everything ended up working out fine in the end?"

"Yukari, the point has already been made. You don't-"

"Or how Suika apparently broke the sky once as a party trick, and it ended up just fixing itself overnight with barely anyone even noticing? Or that some parts of Gensokyo are several centuries behind the Outside World in terms of development while others are at least twenty years ahead? Or that we once invaded your home town on the moon using a rocket ship made out of bamboo?"

One of Eirin's fingers tapped her desk impatiently. "You've made your point, Yakumo. Which by the way happens to be my point, so I don't see the reason to prove it further."

"Right. So sorry," Yukari said with a small smirk. "Pray continue."

Eirin sighed in annoyance, but she said, "Anyway, like I said, despite undergoing a horrific transformation, Rin was still alive…"

"Obviously. She just kicked all our asses after all."

"…and still self-aware. Communicating with her was…difficult, but we managed through an old Lunarian code system I had her memorize. She could sense nearby sensation, and extrude long appendages in order to pick up objects, so we were able to keep her in the loop at least. However, she was very confused, and very scared. I don't blame her, but there was hope." Eirin leaned forward on her desk. "If she concentrated, she could force her cells to retake their former state and reform her old body.

Yukari coughed. "Wait, she could?"

"Indeed," Eirin said with a nod. "Unfortunately, doing so put her cells under incredible strain, which could potentially cause irreparable damage if allowed to continue. Still, that fact led us to believe that the situation could be reversed. And so we went to work to find a way to save her. Her, and hopefully the experiment as well."

…

Deep Within

"They told me they would do everything they could to find a cure," Rin muttered. Her left hand kept twitching and tapping against her thigh. "And like a fool, I believed them. They weren't interested in finding a cure, they just wanted to find a way to dissect me and get my powers out of me. But how was I to know that Eirin was that much of a liar? She was my mentor, after all."

"Are you sure?" Rumia asked.

"Seeing how they actually tried to cut off large chunks of me, yeah, I'm pretty sure. They also tried injecting a whole bunch of different stuff into me, but it never worked. My body would just absorb that as well. Everything they tried ended up the same way. So really, can I be blamed for going a little crazy? Was what happened really my fault?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well…" Rin looked uncomfortable discussing the next part. "You see, while that was going on, Reisen was still there, looking after me. She'd come to visit me during the night and keep me company. I can't sleep, you see. Guess my body doesn't need it anymore. So the nights were the worst, but having Reisen there made things…I don't know, easier I guess. That code they had me using was really slow, so it was still hard to communicate with her, but we still managed to talk a little. She kept telling me that everyone was working as hard as they could to fix me. Eirin was lying to her too, you see. Brainwashing her, just like she did me. And it would have kept going on that way, but then the, heheh, 'accident' happened."

Rumia didn't like the sound of that, nor did she like the look Rin was getting. She swallowed. "Um, what accident?"

Rin started giggling. "Oh, it happened this one night. Reisen was with me, telling me all the places she was going to take me once everything was better. Then she reached over and sort of petted me? And I don't know what happened, really I don't. But all of a sudden I got fed up with that half-assed form of contact I had been having to deal with. I wanted to really see and touch her. So when her hand touched the surface of what passes for my body, I just sorta, um, grabbed her and pulled her in." Her giggling took off to nearly maniacal levels.

Rumia squeaked and started scooching away from Rin, who was starting to get more than a little weird.

"Pulled her in, pulled her right into me! And then everything changed. All that time, and I could have been free from the very beginning. One minute I was stuck in that awful limbo, and the next minute…Rumia, I could see again! I could see, and hear, and feel, and all that stuff. I was free! And the best part was, Reisen was there with me! Sure, she was a little freaked out, but I had time to work on that. That's when it hit me. It wasn't fair that everyone would be walking around on the outside while she was stuck on the inside. So the only thing to do was to make everyone come inside."

…

"What happened next was what we call the 'Satsuki Incident'," Eirin muttered darkly. "That is, if we talk about it at all. After Rin finished absorbing Reisen, the realization of her capabilities made what little sanity she had been clinging to snap."

"Ahhh…" Yukari said. "So that was that 'Rampage' you're always going on about."

"Exactly. Rin went mad. I…honestly can't say I blame her, all things considered, but that doesn't change the fact that it was easily one of the worst weeks in my life. And seeing how I've probably been alive about as long as you…"

"Point taken. So what exactly happened?"

Eirin sighed. "Well, I woke up to lots and lots of shouting. When I went to go to investigate, I saw the weirdest looking rabbit I'd ever seen holding two maids up by the throat. It looked a little like Reisen, but it was covered with a pale red aura, so I figured either Reisen had injected herself with the same elixir that had started this whole Satsuki mess or the Lunarians had sent some sort of super-soldier." Her face darkened. "And then its arms grew transparent and swallowed those maids right up, and I understood. I tried to shoot her down, but of course that was useless. She came after me next, but fortunately she was still blinded by excitement and the fact that she had gone completely off the bend, so she still wasn't thinking clearly. I managed to give her the slip, and organized the rest of Eientei against her. Of course, things became even more difficult. Because that was when Kaguya found out."

Yukari choked. "You mean she still didn't know?"

"She did then. And dear gods, she was furious. Though personally, I think she was more angry about the fact that I wasn't making the super-absorbing powers for her rather than the fact that I was running dangerous experiments behind her back. And she also wasn't pleased about me involving outsiders, to say the least." Eirin winced. "But that's…a different bit of unpleasantness altogether."

Yukari agreed. Kaguya's temper tantrums were beside the point. "So, everything went to hell, and Satsuki was trying to absorb everyone. What then?"

"Once it became apparent that nothing we threw at her was doing any good, we evacuated the mansion and fled to one of the nearby tribes. Of course, it was only a matter of time before she followed. That was when we figured out how to beat her."

Yukari leaned in as close as her injury would permit. Now they were getting somewhere.

"It was Sakuya who came up with the idea, actually. She reasoned that Rin's abilities made her all but immune to an outside assault, and any attack capable of overwhelming her adaptation would likely take the forest with it. So she suggested that we switch tactics and try blowing her up from the inside out, as opposed to the other way around."

"I see," Yukari murmured. "And how did you pull that off? Because it seems that Satsuki would just absorb any explosive device before you got the chance to detonate it."

"Oh, we didn't bother with explosives," Eirin said calmly. "Though the Asakura sisters certainly wanted to try. But no, we had a more…direct method at our disposal."

"What's that?"

"We unleashed Flandre Scarlet on her."

…

Deep Within

"I don't know how she did it," Rin whispered. "One moment I saw this glowing red person approaching. At first I thought it was Mokou over there. The rabbits used to tell me stories about her, to scare me. But it turned out to be a weird little girl with even weirder looking wings."

Rumia felt a shiver go down her illusionary back. Suddenly she was feeling much more sympathetic towards Rin. Though she had thankfully had never encountered the infamous vampire girl herself, everyone had heard…stories. Disturbingly gruesome stories of what the cheerful girl had done to her "playmates".

"Oh, my gods," Rumia whispered.

"Are they? Because they sure weren't mine, not that day. Anyway, I got closer, curious about who she was, and then she started laughing. Laughing! At me! And then she held up her hand…"

Rin's account trailed off. She appeared to be lost in a daze. Rumia frowned and leaned forward.

"Uh, Rin? What happened next? You said she held up a hand. What'd she do next?"

Rin shook her head, supposedly shaking off the memories. "Oh, um, she held up her hand, said…I don't know. 'Akuu?' 'Ukaa?' Something weird like that. Then she closed her fist and…"

"What?"

"I blew up."

…

"It worked like a bloody charm," Eirin said smugly. "Flandre's power wasn't an outside barrage of energy. It wasn't something Rin's body could identify and absorb. It was pure destruction. Over and over again, we had her blow Rin up. It wasn't hard. We just told her that Rin was a bad person who needed to be punished, and that she could have extra cookies at tea if she did the punishing."

Yukari swayed in her seat. Flandre Scarlet was kept locked up for a very, very good reason. The thought of the insane vampire being unleashed on another being, even if that being was Satsuki, was so unthinkable that she was shocked that anyone had dared to try it, much less Sakuya herself.

"It didn't kill her, of course," Eirin continued. "At the time, she didn't possess the regenerative abilities of the Princess or Mokou, but she could still piece herself back together. It just took a long, long while. Then we'd ask her if she had enough, and if she said no, we'd blow her up again."

Eirin leaned back her in chair and stared at the wall beyond Yukari. "Of course, once she saw the way the wind was blowing, Rin eventually surrendered. She consented to releasing her prisoners and gave herself up to our care. Once that happened, all that was left was the mop-up. The prisoners themselves were of course traumatized by their ordeal, Reisen especially. I would imagine having someone you thought of as a little sister turn on you like that would hurt. And riding shotgun during Flandre's assault could not have helped, though we had little choice in the matter. So I was very busy for the next few weeks, making sure they didn't suffer a complete mental breakdown."

"I can see that. So what else?"

"Well, what do you think? Flandre was coaxed back to her basement. All it really took was the aforementioned cookies. Our hired help promised never to speak of this incident, and we likewise swore to keep quiet, especially to Remilia, and everyone left. As for Rin herself, Kaguya wanted to have her executed, a position that I quite agreed with." Her face darkened in a frown. "That didn't work out so well."

"Kind of hard to kill the unkillable, eh?"

"Correct. Plus, there were…certain members of the staff that did not like the idea of us removing an obvious danger, the gods alone know why. Reisen, of course, was among them. Then again, she was never the most rational person. But any rate, we couldn't figure out a way to kill her anyway, so we decided to contain her instead." Eirin coughed into her hand. "Patchouli was actually the one who volunteered for that. She had devised a container intended to hold items of dangerous magical quality, which she used to keep her various instruments safe. She figured that one of those would serve nicely as Rin's prison, and I agreed. The only catch was that they actually had to be on the ground of the Scarlet Devil Mansion to work, something about being anchored to its place of creation. I wasn't complaining. I would sleep much better knowing that Rin was locked away somewhere deep in the vampire's mansion, miles away from Eientei."

…

Deep Within

"And that's where I stayed," Rin said softly, bringing her story near its end. "Years and years of being trapped in that box. Just me, stuck in the darkness, with literally nothing else. No…sunlight, no food, no contact with anyone else, no real sensations at all."

Rumia nodded. "And then I let you out."

Rin wiped her nose with her arm. "Something like that, yeah. So, there it is. My stupid, sad story. And now it's gone and gotten a bunch of people hurt and sucked you in along with it. I guess some things never change, huh?"

Rumia didn't know what to say to that, so she said nothing.

…

"And then Rin got loose and the hell that was today happened," Yukari muttered, more to herself than anything.

"Correct. I must admit, I'm curious how she escaped, and it sounds like you know."

Yukari sighed. "You can thank Marisa Kirisame for that. From what I've heard, she randomly lifted the box from Patchouli's care during one of her many cat burglar escapades."

"Did she now?" Eirin said. Her voice had taken on a dangerous edge. "Well, I'll just have to speak to them both about that. She was the one who set Rin loose, then?"

"No, that was the ice-fairy. From what I've been able to tell, she and her stupid little friends stole the box from Marisa. They were the ones who set Satsuki loose. Apparently, she ate one of their number and they headed off to find help, which is how I became involved. And how she acquired the Shadow Youkai's powers, by the way."

Eirin looked confused. "Cirno's friends with the Shadow Youkai?"

Yukari rolled her eyes. "Yes, actually, though neither of them knew it. After bringing the Shadow Youkai down, I also couldn't find a way to safely eliminate her. So Mima and I wiped her mind and depowered her to a low-level youkai. I supposed Rin must have eaten through the enchantment we placed on her. Given the strength of the enchantment, I thought things were safe. Obviously, I was wrong."

"We both were," Eirin muttered. She sighed and slumped into her chair. "You know something, Yukari? Sometimes I think that just living in Gensokyo increases your carelessness by a good hundred points."

Yukari could think of no argument for that. "I suppose so."

"Indeed. So then, you're supposed to be the master planner. Seeing how Rin's acquirement of both Kaguya and Mokou has made the Flandre option no longer feasible, got any bright ideas?"

Yukari sighed. "One, actually. Though I'm not too fond of it."

Eirin shrugged. "Better than nothing. Hit me."

"Well, Mima suggested that we bring this problem to the Ringleaders."

A silence passed between them, composed of mutual staring. Then Eirin said, "Uh, Yukari? I hate to point out the obvious, but aren't you the head of the Ringleaders?"

"Don't remind me," Yukari growled. "And individually I supposed they're all right. But together…Gensokyo's most influential beings or no, dealing with those personalities all at once can be a real headache."

"Well, it's better than nothing," Eirin muttered. She leaned forward on her desk and rubbed her forehead. "In the meantime, I have enough to deal with here, including recovering fully from my dance with death."

"Which you're only able to thanks to me."

"Yes, yes, thank you very much. But for now, was there anything else you wanted to know?"

Yukari thought. There were a few details Eirin could provide, namely in regards to Rin's habits and what could be used against her. But Eirin was right about pushing herself too hard and needing rest. "No, not at the moment. We can finish this later."

"Excellent. Feel free to take that file with you. I'm sure you'll find the information to be quite useful. Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to pass out for awhile. Please send some of the staff my way to collect me, and have them lock up on their way out."

With that, Eirin's eyes rolled back into her head and she slumped in her chair. Yukari blinked in surprise. She stood and tried prodding the Lunarian doctor. This failed to elicit any response whatsoever.

"Now that," she said. "Is just plain weird. And impressive. But still weird."

She tucked the file under her arm and limped toward the door. As she went, she started composing what she was going to tell the Ringleaders. She could already envision the meeting in her head. First would be the irritated demands as to why she had summoned them, then they would impatiently interrupt her every other sentence during her explanation to ask her what all this had to do with them, then would come the pointed comments regarding Yukari's failure to deal with the problem herself and wondering if she was growing too old for her job. Then would come the bickering, finger pointing, old grudges and past mistakes brought up for no reason whatsoever, and any number of petty time wasters. As bad as her day had been, Yukari was definitely not looking forward to the rest of her week.

She swung open the door. There was the sound of a loud smack and it rebounded back. Someone cried out in pain. Yukari raised an eyebrow and looked to see who it was.

Cirno was kneeling in the hallway, clutching her nose and muttering "Ow, ow, ow, ow…" over and over. Yukari sighed and glanced down the hall in both directions. There was some rabbits moving around, but they didn't look like they were planning on approaching. Good.

With her free hand, Yukari snatched up the ice fairy by the neck. Cirno's eyes bulged and she shouted "Hey! What're you-"

This was cut off when Yukari shoved her up against the wall. "So, looky what we have here. A little bug, sneaking around and listening to conversations that don't concern her. Ever hear the phrase 'Curiosity killed the fairy?' Want to find out how?"

Cirno struggled against her grip. "I just wanted to find out what happened to Rumia!" she cried. "I just want to find my friend!"

"Really now?" Yukari released her. Cirno fell to the ground, coughing. She tried to get up, but Yukari slammed her palm against the wall above her and glared down at her. "And how much did you hear about that?"

Cirno glared back up at her. That was another annoying thing about the ice fairy. She was impossible to intimidate. "Just the end. Some weird stuff about Rumia being a…something? What the hellsicles is a Shadow Youkai?"

"A monster," Yukari answered in a sweet, syrupy voice. "A monster that tried to kill me and everyone else in Gensokyo." She leaned in closer. "That's right. Your little friend used to be an abomination, one that would not hesitate to slash you to snowflakes and sing a merry tune while doing it. Now do you see why we don't want you sticking your cold little nose into this business?"

True to her nature, Cirno just looked confused. "Uhhhh, what?"

"Exactly." Yukari backed off from the wall, letting Cirno scamper to her feet.

"Bu-but what about Rumia?" Cirno whined. "Can you get her back? The bunny said you could!"

Yukari's nostrils flared as her rage ignited anew. "Listen to me, you idiotic overgrown snowball. I don't care what Reisen said, your friend Rumia is gone. Dead. Deceased. She's ceased to be, shuffled off the immortal coil, has joined the burning choir of hell." She knelt down on one knee so she and Cirno were seeing eye-to-eye.

"That thing you saw? She was an ex-Rumia! Do you understand me?" Yukari hissed. "There is no more Rumia. So for the love of all that is good and intelligent, stay out of this business!"

Cirno stared right back, her expression impossible to read. Then she turned and ran down the hall, jumping to full flight once she picked up speed. She zipped around a corner, surprising a couple of rabbits carry rope and carved bamboo slats, and disappeared.

Yukari sighed as she straightened. The pain and lack of sleep must have made her sloppy. What she should have done was clamp that fairy in cold iron and shove her in a locked room. She considered sending someone after her and wondered if it was worth it just to remove a potential future obstacle. All common sense said yes, while everything told her that she was just being paranoid. After all, what could a single fairy do?

The answer was quite a lot. Yukari made a mental note to take steps to prevent Cirno's future inference. But for now, there was just too much she had to take care of first. First order of business was to find someone to collect the unconscious doctor. And Mima needed to be informed about Satsuki's history. The other Ringleaders needed to be contacted as soon as possible. As did Remilia Scarlet, come to think of it. She may have been out of town during the original incident, but her staff were still partially responsible. Same with the Asakura sisters. Yukari didn't know them personally, but she was sure Reimu had mentioned them once or twice. Also, Marisa was also proving herself to be a dangerous wildcard. She should do something about that as well. And Reimu…

She thought back to earlier that day, when she had convinced Reimu to come along. It wasn't her fault that the shrine maiden had been injured, but she still felt somewhat responsible. Yukari gnawed the inside of her mouth. Regret wasn't an emotion she was used to. She couldn't say she much cared for it. It made her feel odd.

Look at you, she thought in disgust. One bad day and you go to pieces. Pull yourself together, you've handled worse!

Yukari tucked the file under her arm and went to go find some to retrieve Eirin's unconscious body. After that, Mima. That was a good a place to start as any.

…

Deep Within

Taking Rumia's silence as a message, Rin had walked away to go sit in front of her screen again. Rumia wasn't sure if she needed to actually watch the screen to know what was going on, or if it was entirely there for her "guests'" benefit. Certainly, she had no trouble navigating while she had been speaking to Rumia. Some kind of autopilot, maybe? Rumia supposed it didn't really matter.

At the moment, they were flying through a canyon that Rumia was unfamiliar with. That made a certain amount of sense. Given the whole "Nearby plants dying" thing, sticking to arid areas would be the best.

Rumia bit her lower lip as she thought. Rin's story was bizarre to the extreme. Even in a world where six impossible things happened before breakfast on a daily basis, this one was unusual. She still didn't trust Rin. She wasn't sure if she was lying or not, but Rin was obviously not stable. Earlier that day, she had claimed that Eirin did not have a direct hand in the experiment while the story she had just told said otherwise. She had gone from claiming that everything was all a mistake that would be cleared up with a simple apology to making Eirin out to be some kind of torture technician who had abused her at every available opportunity. Of course, that ambush probably had killed any warm feelings Rin might have held for her, but still…

However, Rumia was no longer convinced that Rin meant to do her harm. And from the look of things, she might be here for awhile.

Rumia she took a deep breath and walked over to sit down next to Rin. The latter gave her a look of surprise as she did so.

"Hey Rin?"

"Huh?"

"Can you make me a promise?"

"A…a promise? Uh, what kind of promise?"

Rumia thought hard, trying to put her feelings into words. "Promise me that if…if we manage to fix this, if we manage to find a way for you to get your life back, if we find out where all these scary powers came from and how to get rid of them, and if we figure out what's with that evil voice, and what to do with those two," she indicated the nearby rivals, who were still silently glaring at the pair. "And we do all that and make sure that people won't keep trying to kill us…promise me you'll let me go, okay?"

Rin grimaced. "Rumia, I don't know if-"

"Promise me, okay?"

Rin stared at her for a few seconds. Then she nodded once. "Okay. I promise."

Rumia breathed a sigh of relief. "Thank you, Rin." Then she nodded toward the screen. "So, where are we going now?"

It wasn't that Alice was concerned about Marisa. The witch was more than capable of handling herself. If anything she should be worried about Cirno, if such a thing were possible.

Still, Marisa wasn't known for thinking straight when she was angry. And accidents do happen. So, before going home herself, the puppet-master stopped by Marisa's house to check on her.

By then, the sun had completely set. The Forest of Magic had succumbed to shadow, and creatures of the night were slinking from whatever holes they hid in during the day. Alice didn't care. The locals knew better to mess with her.

What did bother her was that Marisa's house seemed to be empty when she arrived. At most times, the witch would be up late, poring over text after text and experimenting with any number of new spells. But now, the interior was completely dark. And strangely enough, the front door was still open, just as it had been when she left.

"I don't know about you, Shanghai," she muttered to the doll hovering over her left shoulder. "But there's just something wrong about all this. Should we go investigate?"

She took Shanghai's interested look for an affirmative. "I agree. Let's go see what's up."

Alice walked up to the doorframe. She knocked a couple of times against the door and said, "Marisa? Are you here? Just checking if you got your box back." A few seconds ticked by. "And making sure you didn't accidentally blow the forest up."

No reply.

"Curiouser and curiouser," she muttered. Alice held up one hand, igniting a softly glowing sphere of light over her palm.

"Marisa? You here?" she said as she looked over the piles of junk. "Hey Marisa! Where are-"

"What?"

The other voice made Alice jump. She whirled around, her heart beating from the sudden surprise.

Marisa stood in the doorway. From the look of things, her day had been absolutely miserable. Her face and arms were bruised and filthy, her clothes looked beat up, and she was breathing heavily from exhaustion.

"Marisa?" Alice said in shock. "What happened to you?"

"Mmmph. Don't wanna talk about it." Marisa pushed her way past Alice, tossing her broom in the corner. Alice stared as the young witch collapsed, face-first and still fully clothed, on top of the bed.

Alice scratched her head as she wondered what in the world had happened. She didn't expect to get any response though. When Marisa said she didn't want to talk about it, she meant it.

"Okay," Alice said uncertainly. "I'll see you tomorrow, I guess."

She started to leave when suddenly Marisa said, "Hey Alice?"

Alice paused by the door. "What?"

"Talk to me about something."

"About what?"

"I don't care, anything. So long as it's boring, stupid and normal. Your day, tell me about your day, ze."

Alice turned, her face a mess of confusion. "You want me to do what?"

Marisa lay on her side, arms crossed and sullen eyes smoldering. "You did stuff today, right? Stuff that was boring and pointless? Tell me about your stupid day."

Alice opened her mouth to question her further, but thought better of it. "Um, okay. So after I left, I headed over to Medicine Melancholy's field. See, lately we've been working together to try to increase Shanghai's independence, but all we've gotten her to do so far are a few automated responses and her occasionally mimicking other people's actions."

Marisa closed her eyes. "Okay."

"So anyway, today we were trying to see if we get her to react to things in unpredictable ways, but then something got Medicine talking about bot...botu…botulinum and how it's used. And, well, you know how she can get when she's talking about one of her poisons, so we didn't get much done."

"Mmmph."

"But it was actually kind of interesting. Did you know people in the Outside World actually use it for cosmetic reasons, even though it 's probably the deadliest known-"

Alice stopped talking when she saw that Marisa had started snoring. The puppet-master rolled her eyes and chuckled. Of course.

Moving carefully so as not to wake her, Alice removed Marisa's hat and sat it on a nearby table. Then she picked up Marisa's blanket from where it had been carelessly kicked aside that morning and gently laid it over the sleeping girl.

"Good night, you weirdo," Alice said as she left, softly shutting the door behind her.

…

A tear ripped open in mid-air, above three feet from the ground. Moving gingerly with the support of a crutch, Reimu exited Yukari's gap and stepped onto the grass.

"Thanks for the ride," she said. "Let me know how Suika's doing. And when you've got something new."

Inside, Yukari nodded. "I will. Get some rest. I'll check on you in the morning."

"You too."

Yukari started to close her gap, but she hesitated. "Oh, and Reimu?"

"What?"

"I…am sorry I dragged you into this, I really am."

Stunned, Reimu tried to wrap her mind around the thought of Yukari giving anyone a sincere apology and failed. "Oh…um, thanks?" was all she could manage to say.

Without another word, Yukari closed up the gap, disappearing with it. Reimu was left standing alone in front of Hakurei shrine.

A minute later, a sparkling lavender border erupted around the shrine's grounds, curving upward to form a dome shape. Reimu glared upward and limped her way to the shrine. "She doesn't do anything by halves, does she?" Reimu muttered to herself.

Consenting to have one of Yukari's borders placed around Hakurei Shrine was the only way Reimu could get Yukari to consent to allowing her to return home, instead of staying in the rabbits' care or, even worse, Yukari's. Reimu had quite enough of Eientei for one day, and the one time she had spent the night at Yukari's home had made her swear to never even enter the building ever again. Even thinking about it made her crave a long, hot bath.

Still, she had to admit that Yukari's concern had a justifiable reason, seeing how Rin Satsuki was still on the loose. Even if Reisen had pointed out that Rin was highly unlikely to go after her, seeing how Reimu easily done the least during the battle. Still, Rin Satsuki had shown herself to be dangerously unstable.

But Reimu just couldn't stay there, sidelined among the wounded. Hence, her current compromise.

Well, at least Yukari's barrier was soundless. It was going to be difficult enough to sleep without that obnoxious humming noise energy fields sometimes made. Reimu hobbled up the steps of the shrine, went inside and carefully eased herself onto her sleeping mat. She pulled the blanket up to her chin and closed her eyes.

As predicted, she couldn't sleep.

It wasn't just her injuries. This hadn't been the first time she had been roughed up in a fight. And it wasn't just the situation at hand. No, the problem was that the shrine was just too empty. Suika was more-or-less a constant visitor, and Reimu had grown accustomed to her giggling snores. And then there was Mima, who claimed to prefer to stay at the site of the battle. Although the spirit never made any noise, Reimu had also gotten used to knowing that she was floating around, nearby. Her lack of presence was almost tangible.

Reimu growled and pushed away the covers. She wasn't going to get any sleep anyway, and she needed someone to talk to. To that end, she pushed herself back up on her crutch and limped her way around to the back of the shrine.

Immediately behind the shrine was a grove of cherry trees. Spring was already making its presence known in the white buds that were forming on the branches. Reimu ignored them as she made her way through the trees until she reached a large lake, glistening in the moonlight.

Reimu lowered herself down against a nearby tree. She rapped the tip of her crutch against the lake's water, sending splashing ripples across the surface. "Come on out, you old reptile. I know you're awake."

The water nearby started bubbling, and out came a large, scaly head. Rheumy, yellow eyes squinted at her around a beaklike mouth. "Young lady, what the devils are you still doin' up? It's near midnight! And what the hell is with the light show?"

"Bite me, Genji. And there's no way I'm getting any sleep tonight."

"Why, that oni friend of yours won't stop fartin'?"

"Genji!"

There was a hissing laugh, and the waters surged as an enormous turtle lurched its way onto the dry ground. It was easily five feet across from nose to tail, and the hump of its shell, cracked and worn from age, rose another three feet off the ground. And it had lived there in the lake back before the time of Reimu's grandmother.

"So," Genji said as he plodded over to sit beside Reimu. "What's on your mind? You know it's so rare that you come an' visit me these days. I was wonderin' if you'd plumb forgot I was still here."

"Sorry."

"Sure you are, missy. Sure you…Well now, do my old eyes deceive me, or are those bandages 'round your head?"

"Sure are. Rough day."

Genji tsked, which sounded very odd coming from his reptilian beak. "Must've been. That's a heavy duty barrier you've got over us. You expectin' a war? And is that a crutch I see? Kiddo, I don't know what kind of scrapes you've been gettin' yourself into, but…Wait." The elderly turtle's eyes narrowed. "Your foot. I've seen that before."

Reimu sighed. "Yeah. Yukari calls it the taint. You ever hear about the Shadow Youkai?"

Genji didn't immediately answer. A long silence passed, and then he said "Tell me what happened."

Reimu did. She started with the card game between her, Mima, Suika and Yukari and how it had been disrupted by the arrival of Cirno and her friends. She told him about flying to the Forest of Magic and Marisa's sudden arrival. She told him about encountering Rin Satsuki wearing the form of the Shadow Youkai and the ensuing fight. She described being hurled headfirst through the forest and being forced to sit on the sidelines while the others worked together to catch Satsuki. She went on to tell him about Satsuki's escape and the disaster with Kaguya and Mokou. All the while, Reimu's former mentor didn't interrupt, he didn't ask questions or have her clarify any points. He just listened.

When she finished, he said in a soft voice, "Well now, that's a real pickle you've got yourself into, and no mistake."

"Thanks, I've noticed," Reimu groused. "Genji, what am I supposed to do?"

Genji blinked, a long, deliberate motion that took three times as long as it would for a human. "Now that there's a funny question. What'ya mean?"

"Well? Aren't you supposed to be the old, wise master who teaches every new generation of Hakurei shrine maidens what they're supposed to know?"

"Uh, sort of," Genji said. "But it don't work quite that way. Already taught you all that I can. You're supposed to work things out from here on your own."

Reimu brought up the knee of her good foot up under her chin and crossed her arms around it. She stared out across the still waters of the lake. "Fine. I won't ask Genji the Hakurei teacher. I'll ask Genji the cranky old wiseass who's seen more than any three shrine maidens put together."

"Now that's more I like it!" Genji said. He laughed, a harsh wheezing sound. "But it don't seem to me like you want advice 'bout how to squash this latest pest. Seems like somethin' else is botherin' you."

Reimu hesitated, and she nodded. "I was just so useless back there," she said. "The only good I did was get off one Evil Sealing Circle before Satsuki took me out. Everyone else took even more than I did and got back up to keep fighting. But for me, one throw and I was done."

"Heh, I can see how that would make you feel useless. But that's just stupid."

"Huh?" Reimu straightened up and whipped her head around to stare at Genji. "What do you mean, 'stupid'?"

If the elderly reptile could have shrugged he would have. "Girl, I don't know if you've been payin' the slightest bit of attention to that story you just got done tellin' me, but it seems to me all your weird friends got themselves a serious ass-thrashin' as well. And they be things like an oni, super-youkai, whatever the hell that creepy ghost lady you're always hangin' around with. Ain't no shame gettin' beat by somethin' that beat them too."

"But Marisa…"

"What about her? Sure, she got blasted in the face with her own damned spell, which by the way is an image I will cherish for now and eternity, but that ain't bad. Big as her spell is, it's still all spellcard regulated and proper. Now that taint?" Genji cast a critical eye over Reimu's useless foot. "That one…ain't. And I didn't remember hearin' 'bout that crazy witch gettin' thrown through no bamboo trees, no sir."

Reimu frowned thoughtfully, but she didn't answer.

Genji went on. "Kiddo, you had a bad day, it happens. And from the look o' things, it's only gonna get worst. Not sayin' you ain't entitled to feel a little sorry for yourself, but don't go thinkin' yourself useless, 'cause you ain't. Your ma had plenty of bad days too, so'd your grandma, and your great-grandma before her. And they still kept fighting. And lemme tell you somethin': you're just as tough as any of them. A little…lazy maybe, but still tough. So stop whinin'. You'll be back on your feet and usin' 'em to kick ass again in no time."

With a small laugh, Reimu scratched the back of the elderly reptile's head. "How's it you always know how to make me feel better?"

Genji closed his eyes and twisted his neck, giving her better access to the spot he liked having scratched best. "Decades an' decades of practice. What, you think your ancestors never got all whiny themselves?"

Reimu smirked and leaned back against the tree. Genji settled down, and the two of them watched the moonlight sparkle off the waters of the lake.

…

It had been hours since Daiyousei had awoken, and she was growing nearly frantic with worry.

She and Mystia were still waiting on the same hillside, waiting for some sign of Cirno's return. Wriggle was long gone. The firefly's patience had snapped after about an hour and she had disappeared into the forest, determined to find Cirno herself.

Daiyousei herself was perched on the upper branches of the old oak, nervously surveying the forest around them, hoping to catch a glimpse of Cirno or Wriggle. Down below, Mystia sat near a small fire that she had started, singing softly to herself while occasionally poking the burning embers with a stick.

Although she couldn't identify exactly why, Mystia was starting to worry Daiyousei as well. True, everything worried Daiyousei, but the night-sparrow had started to behave differently from her normal cheerful and mischievous self. Ever since Wriggle had left, Mystia had started to withdraw further and further into herself, barely even acknowledging that Daiyousei was there unless addressed directly. Sure, she still smiled and claimed that she all right, but there was something not right, something more than just concern for their missing friends. Daiyousei knew her too well to tell that.

Frankly, it was getting to be too much. There were too many things to worry about. Daiyousei was worried about what happened to Rumia, she was worried about Cirno finding help and returning safely, she was worried about Wriggle getting lost and/or attacked, she was worried about whatever it was that was bothering Mystia, she was even worried about herself. If things kept up the way they were, Daiyousei would be left alone. And if that happened, who would be there to tell her what to do?

That's when she spied a circle of light floating through the entwined trees of the forest. Not daring to hope, Daiyousei squinted her eyes and focused as hard as she could. There seemed to be a figure walking towards them, surrounded by the light.

Then she recognized the mop-head haircut and the two antennae jutting from them. Almost giddy with relief, Daiyousei dropped to ground. "Mystia!" she cried. "It's Wriggle! She's back!"

"Oh, what?" Mystia started. She looked in the direction Daiyousei was pointing. "Oh, you're right. It is."

"That's all you have to say? C'mon already!" Daiyousei grabbed Mystia by the arm and pulled her along to go meet with the new arrival.

As would be expected from someone who had spent the majority of the day searching through an overgrown forest, Wriggle looked both tired and dirty. The light turned out to be several fireflies, normal ones that flitted and fluttered around their larger kinswoman.

"Wriggle, you're back!" Daiyousei said as she got within earshot, Mystia in tow. "Did you find anything?"

"Hey guys," Wriggle said wearily. "Hang on a sec."

She said something in a weird, buzzing language that Daiyousei didn't understand. The fireflies around her flashed their lights once in reply and flew off on whatever firefly business they had.

"No luck," Wriggle said, dashing Daiyousei's hopes to pieces. "I asked around, and nobody knows where Cirno is, or Reimu for that matter. A few saw an ice fairy flying through the forest at high speed, but she apparently took off over the trees and disappeared." She smirked. "Found a frozen tarantula youkai though, so I guess she's handling herself at least."

"Well, the important thing is that you tried," Mystia said unhelpfully.

"Oh boy," Daiyousei muttered. "Who'd you ask? Other youkai? Fairies?"

Wriggle gave her a hard look. "There's more people around than just fairies and youkai, genius."

Right. Bugs then. Even though Wriggle was technically a bug herself, Daiyousei still found it weird that she could talk to insects that weren't youkai. But if it could get them information, then she had no complaints.

"How about you guys?" Wriggle asked. "No luck, huh?"

Daiyousei shook her head. "N-no. Nothing. Do you think something happened to her?"

"I don't know. Maybe. Maybe she got caught up in something else. Would be just like her, wouldn't it? To just go off and…" Wriggle's eyes suddenly widened. "Well, I'll be squished flat, it's her!"

Daiyousei whirled around. To her immense relief, Wriggle was right. Cirno was flying through the air towards the three of them. Even better, she was in one piece. For the first time, Daiyousei began to think that things would be all right.

"Cirno!" she called, cupping one hand around her mouth and waving with the other. "Over here!"

Cirno nodded at them and swooped down for a landing.

"Took you long enough," Wriggle remarked, her hands on her hips. "I was looking all over for you! Where've you been?"

"Um…around…" Cirno replied, staring at the ground.

"Huh?" Daiyousei bent over to get a look at her face. Cirno quickly turned away, but not before Daiyousei caught a glimpse of bloodshot eyes, framed in frost.

"Cirno? What happened?"

Cirno grimaced. "L-look, not now, okay? Please."

The other three exchanged a glance. "Okay…" Wriggle said. "But, uh, Rumia? Did you learn anything about her?"

"I don't know."

"Huh?" Wriggle pushed her way past Daiyousei to get right in front of Cirno. "What'ya mean, 'I don't know'? What the hell happened?"

"I don't know, okay?" Cirno exploded. She grabbed Wriggle by the collar and shoved her face against the firefly's. "I don't know what really happened to Rumia, or if she's still alive, or who she really is, or anything! People kept telling me different things, and now I'm really confused and…I. Just. Don't. Know! Okay?"

"Okay, okay!" Wriggle said hastily. "I got it!"

Cirno shoved the firefly away and turned from her friends. "I don't know, I just don't know," she muttered as she wrapped her arms around herself.

"Cirno?" Daiyousei said softly. She laid one hand on Cirno's shoulder. "Um, a-are you all-"

Cirno pulled away from her touch. "Let's just go home."

"What? But, we're…okay."

Cirno took off into the air, and the other three followed. No one said anything, no one understood anything, and no one could work up the nerve to ask Cirno again what had happened.

They flew through the night air, away from the Forest of Magic, over fields and rivers and around villages. In time, the Youkai Mountains came into view.

The remaining members of Cirno's gang dipped low and darted into an overgrown thicket at the foot of the foremost mountain. Cirno pulled aside a length of wood covered with leaves and bits of branches, revealing the mouth of a cave.

Cirno had discovered the cave some years prior, entirely by accident. She had miscalculated during one of her many capers and had to flee the Tengu village in a hurry. Unfortunately, a parting shot had sent her careening into the thicket. However, that bit of ill fortune had turned out for the best, as it led to her finding the cave and immediately declaring it the personal hideaway of her and her friends.

It was into this cave that the four of slipped into, carefully replacing the board they used for camouflage back in its place. Mystia produced a box of matches from a nearby crevice and lit a lantern, illuminating the small cavern they had entered and casting shadows over the nearby stones and jutting stalagmites.

As they walked around, lighting the other lanterns that hung along the cavern's wall, Daiyousei sidled up to Wriggle. "What do we do now?" she whispered.

Wriggle shook her head. "I have no freaking idea," she admitted. "But if you ask me, I think something bad's happened. Something really, really-"

"Cirno!"

The high-pitched voice came out of nowhere. Everyone shouted in alarm and whirled around to see a dark shape leap from the other end of the cavern to pounce on Cirno, tackling her to the ground.

Even more confused than before, Cirno stared up to see a pair of wide, brown eyes framed by disheveled hair of the same color.

"Hi Cirno!" Chen shouted down at the ice fairy. "Ran was being a real meanie and had the doctor from the moon stick needles in my arm and I fell asleep and woke up in a closet and decided to run away to find you and I got here but you weren't here yet so I waited until you got back so we could go out and play like you said except it's night now, so can we play all night instead of-Huh?"

She then noticed the other fairy and two youkai, standing nearby and staring at her.

"Hey," Chen said in a more normal voice. "What happened to you guys?"

…

Night had fallen on Gensokyo. Everywhere, those who preferred the light of the sun were going to sleep while those who stalked the darkness were starting to crawl from their holes. The chirping of birds had been replaced with the chittering of crickets, and lanterns were illuminating the various settlements.

Wholly unaware of the recent changes that had happened to their world, the various inhabitants of the land went about their nightly routine, whether it meant shutting down for the day or starting up. And why shouldn't they? It was just another day, the same as all the others.

Elsewhere, however, others were much more restless. Yukari stood at the door of her home, staring down at the sprawling country before her, her lips closed so tightly they were almost bloodless. Reimu eventually drifted off to sleep by the lake, causing a chuckling Genji to heave her onto his back and carry her back to the shrine. Ran searched frantically through the Bamboo Forest of the Lost, unaware that Chen was safely with Cirno and her friends. Marisa snored softly to herself, lost in a rare moment of peace that would be gone as soon as she awoke.

And, in the wreck that was Eientei, a rabbit named Reisen Udongein crawled exhausted into the sleeping bag that had been provided for her until her quarters could be repaired. When she was sure no one was listening, she pulled out the object she had managed to rescue from the debris of her room. It was a framed photograph, showing her dressed in a purple kimono and smiling for the camera. Standing beside her and totally unaware of the rabbit ears Reisen was holding up behind her head was a cheerful blond-haired girl wearing a red kimono and holding up a sparkler. Reisen clutched the picture to her chest as stubborn tears formed in her eyes. Even though she kept telling herself that everything would eventually work out for the best, she knew in her heart that they were about to get much worst.

Spring had come to Gensokyo, and nobody cared. They had bigger things to worry about.

Far to the East, over the horizon, lies a land long forgotten by the world. Gensokyo, as it has come to be called, was once a part of rural Japan. Over a century ago, the youkai-infested area was sealed away by priests. Since then, humans and youkai have coexisted in relative (allowing, of course, for a few danmaku a day) peace, the former shunning the technology of the outer world and learning magic instead. Of course, the seal on Gensokyo isn't perfect... especially when a certain youkai girl doesn't have enough to do.

A cherry-red sleigh tethered to nine reindeer sailed through the skies, a plump old man in red and white seated in its hull among piles of ornate parcels. As the sleigh passed over the snowy caps of some uninhabited mountains in Japan, its occupant, the smell of cookies heavy on his breath, sat back and decided to take a short breather. He had already delivered half the world's children their presents, and there was yet a minute or two until he reached another population (excluding houseboats,) after all.

He didn't even notice that the mountains below him were, suddenly, no longer those he had been flying over moments ago. That is, not until a startled youkai unleashed a barrage of magic blasts upon his sleigh. The old man yanked on the reins in panic, but his sleigh was not built for evasive maneuvers. Down went Dasher and Dancer, then Prancer and Vixen. With the loss of almost half of its team, the sleigh began to spin in air, its pilot desperately struggling to regain control. This only served to anger a number of indigenous fairies, who fired their own magic on the noisy intruders. Down went Cupid, then Comet, then Donner and Blitzen, and the cherry-red sleigh followed suit, barreling to the ground.

An attractive woman in a white and purple gown lowered her hand and, after taking a few seconds to survey the results of this exercise of her power, declared “I'm sleepy,” and walked back into her large, old-fashioned manor. Turning to a blonde girl with nine equally blonde fox tails, she asked whether her futon was ready.
“Yes, master Yukari, but you just got up half an hour ago—”
“Good night.” Letting her wavy blonde hair fall down her back, the woman lay on her futon and slept.

Far away from there, beyond a white-specked forest and a frozen lake, stood a blood-red Victorian-style mansion. A cute girl in a blue-and-pink maid outfit and a cheery scarf was approaching this mansion, a sack of groceries in her hands, when she almost tripped on a parcel half-buried in the snow. Setting her groceries aside, she looked down at the offending object, her two long silver braids dangling before her face. It was red and possessed a luster like metal, and it was tied shut with green and gold ribbon. The tag said nothing regarding the box's contents, only that it came from someone or something named “Santa.” Probably some careless youkai, the maid thought as she added the box to the groceries and took them indoors.

...

“What's this, Sakuya?” asked a young-looking, noticeably short, bat-winged girl in a pink dress.
“I don't know, Lady Remilia,” the maid answered, holding the parcel out for inspection. “I found it outside, lying in a field.”
“Well, it's obviously a package for somebody,” Remilia answered. “Let's take a look inside, shall we?”
“Wait, what about these strange colors?” Sakuya responded. “There could be something dangerous in there, like a bomb.”
“You're right.” Remilia took a pink, poofy cap and set it atop her blue, fluffy, shoulder-length hair. “Let's have someone dispensable open it.”

“Oh! For me?” asked a busty girl with long red hair, wearing a green beret and a matching green Chinese-style dress with a slit from the hem to the waist. As she wasn't wearing any leg coverings under her dress, and she was standing outside, she shivered a little as she talked.
“Yes, China. It's a gift for you,” Remilia answered with a smile that showed her two fangs.
“Thanks... but my name isn't China, it's Hong Meiling” the redhead began to say.
“Just open it, China,” Sakuya interrupted as she backed away slowly along with her mistress.
“Ah, okay,” Meiling chirped, not noticing their movement. Firmly grasping the bow atop the parcel, the girl tore the packaging apart and opened the box inside. “Wow! It's a... shrunken horse's head on a stick?”
“That's a hobby horse,” Sakuya explained. “It's a toy that human children play with.”
“But what would a human toy be doing out here?” Remilia wondered aloud.
“Miss Sakuya!” another maid cut in, running toward the group. “The groundskeepers are reporting numerous discoveries of strange, brightly-colored parcels! Furthermore, some were even found on the roof!”
“Damn those insolent humans!” Remilia burst out. “Thinking they can just throw their trash wherever they want? Sakuya, go find the one responsible and punish him!”
“Yes, my lady,” Sakuya responded. “I'll be on my way after I go and get my scarf.”
“While you're in, could you get me a jacket or some pants or something?” Meiling asked, absently waving the hobby-horse in the air. “It's really cold out here.”
“Go back to guarding the door, China,” Sakuya called over her shoulder.

...

Sakuya rode the freezing wind, unperturbed despite her bare legs, her magic keeping her afloat. She could clearly see little colored specks peeking out from the snow; this problem was more dire than she had expected. Whoever was responsible for this act of littering must have been a very inconsiderate person indeed, she thought. Returning her gaze to the air, she noticed a girl with ankle-length light purple hair and a pair of crinkly bunny ears atop her head, wearing a schoolgirl's uniform and a scarf. There was no mistake who she was. Approaching the girl, Sakuya called out a greeting, “Good morning, Miss Reisen!”
Reisen's ears perked up upon hearing Sakuya's voice, then she turned to face her. “Oh... hello.”
“What brings you out here?”
“It's none of your business!” Reisen turned her red eyes away.
“You know something, don't you?” Sakuya drew two silver-bladed knives from seemingly nowhere.
“Since it's come to this...” Reisen turned to the maid, her eyes slightly aglow, and put her right hand into the shape of a gun. “I'll teach you a lesson in respecting others' privacy!”

The bunny-eared girl pointed her right hand at Sakuya and a wide spray of bullet-shaped magic blasts issued from her finger. They hit thin air.
“It's useless!” came Sakuya's voice from behind her. Reisen turned in surprise to see scores of knives flying at her. Reacting quickly, she barely managed to weave through the swarm, a few knives nicking her clothing. Before Sakuya could throw any more knives, Reisen counterattacked with another, far more powerful spray of magic blasts. Her shots lit up the sky, and neither combatant could see each other through the shimmering haze.

Sakuya, undaunted, flew forward into the veritable storm of magic fire, and as she did, the blasts' movement slowed to a crawl. Knowing that there was still danger even with her power, and that one wrong move could be fatal, she expertly navigated through her opponent's fire, now ducking one, now dodging another, until she was face-to-face with a bewildered Reisen.

“I’ll end this now,” Sakuya said flatly as a purple card appeared between the index and middle fingers of her outstretched left hand. “Shoukon – ‘Soul Sculpture!’”

Her eyes went from royal blue to a glowing crimson as the spell card’s magic surged through her body. Two of her knives came to her hands, and she unleashed a flurry of slashes upon her opponent. Reisen cried out with each heavy blow that struck her light frame. In seconds, it was over, and Reisen plummeted to the ground, her clothes torn, her body battered by hundreds of strikes.

Sakuya peered down at the bunny-eared girl lying still in the snow. “Hmm. Maybe I overdid it?”

...

Reisen groaned. Sharp aches wracked her body all over, and it felt like her arms and legs were being pulled on.
They were, she realized to her dismay as her vision regained focus and she looked over her shoulder. She was hogtied with her own scarf, dangling prone from a low tree branch.

“Don’t bother struggling, you’ll make your injuries worse,” came a familiar voice.
“You!” Reisen whipped her head to the side to face Sakuya. “Let me go!”
“You’re in no position to tell me what to do, especially since you wasted so much of my time being unconscious.”
“That was your fault!”
“Oh, how cruel.” Sakuya absently pushed Reisen and let the squirming moon rabbit swing a bit. “You’re out here to investigate the colored boxes as well, aren’t you?”
“...Yes.”
“What have you found out?”
“Why would I tell you?”
“I wonder how everyone back at the Scarlet Mansion would like some rabbit stew…”
“Fine, fine! I heard that someone in red and white was responsible.”
“Red-white, is it? I’ll look into this... you should go home.”

Sakuya took to the air again, heading toward the border of Gensokyo, ignoring the protests of “You forgot to untie me!” coming from behind her.

...

As Sakuya landed outside a modest shrine, she saw a youngish, black-haired girl drinking tea under a snow-laden eave. Her red and white shoulder-less dress remotely resembled the attire of a shrine maiden.

The girl in red and white noticed Sakuya and spoke first. “Oh, it’s you. What do you want?”
“I don’t suppose you would happen to know about those colored boxes that have been appearing everywhere?”
“Those?” She took a long sip of her tea. “A few of them turned up around here. I should clean them up sometime... maybe tomorrow.”
“Beating around the bush isn’t a good habit, red-white. Are you or are you not responsible for this mess?”
“First of all, it’s Reimu Hakurei, not ‘red-white,’” the tea-drinker responded with a glare. “Second, I’ve been drinking tea here all day. It’s too cold to go anywhere.”

She was right, Sakuya realized. There was no way this girl could be the culprit; she wasn’t the type to litter, let alone put so much effort into it, and besides, how could she have had so many toys in the first place? Cursing herself for not extorting more information from that bunny girl earlier, Sakuya began to walk off, disappointed.

A glittering green box winked against the thick snow. Nothing better to do, Sakuya thought as she picked it up and opened it. To her slight surprise, it wasn’t a hobby horse, nor any human toy she was familiar with. It was a connected series of heavily varnished wooden blocks with wheels on them.

...

The bell affixed to the doorframe tinkled and a wave of warmth swept over Sakuya’s face as she entered the antiques shop Kourindou.
A silver-haired, bespectacled man in a robe looked up at her. “Good morning, Miss Sakuya. Something you need?”
“Just information. Would you happen to know what this is?” Sakuya placed the wheeled blocks on the counter.
“That’s called a ‘toy train’ in the outer world. Notice the wheels—they’re for making it move more efficiently. It was probably used for self-massage; if you grip both ends—”
“The outer world... so my suspicion was correct. I’ll have to have a long talk with that weirdo youkai...”

The bell dingled again as a girl in a two-peaked cap walked in, dragging nine fox tails behind her. “Here’s your fuel, Mr. Rinnosuke,” the noticeably tired blonde said as she held up a canister of kerosene. “Master Yukari would’ve brought it herself, but she’s busy at the moment.”
“Busy putting an indent in her futon, no doubt,” Sakuya remarked.
The fox-tailed girl frowned. “Even if it’s true, you shouldn’t speak so lightly of my master.”
“I don’t tell lies, Miss Ran.”
“It’s still rude.”
“Anyway, I need to speak with your master.”
“Impossible. She needs her sleep.”
“Tell her it’s an urgent matter.”
“You’ll just have to wait.”
“This isn’t the sort of thing that can wait for days. If you won’t cooperate, I’ll just have to go and wake her up myself.”
Ran’s eyes narrowed. “You’ll have to get past this barrage first!”

Ran raised her hands and magic energy began to gather in her palms. The bespectacled man ducked quickly behind the counter, groaning about repair costs. Sakuya’s hands moved so quickly their motion was nearly imperceptible, and four knives, accelerated by time magic, lodged in Ran’s torso before she knew what was happening.
“Ouch!” Ran cried, plucking out the knives and throwing them to the floor. The injuries weren’t serious, but they hurt quite a bit.
Sakuya pointed another knife at her. “Don’t you know it’s rude to fight indoors?”
“You...! I’d better retreat...” Ran darted out the door and took to the skies, disappearing over the horizon in seconds.
Sakuya smirked as she calmly left the store. Ran wouldn’t be able to get away, no matter how fast she went. Speed was just a function of time, after all...

...

Ran alighted on the patio of a rustic manor on the border of Gensokyo and immediately fell to one knee, breathing heavily. She was rather surprised when a shoe pressed into her back, knocking her flat on her face.
“Thanks for leading me to Miss Yukari’s house,” Sakuya said, hopping off the fox-tailed girl’s back.
“Oh no... my master will be furious...”

Sakuya made her way to the innermost sanctum of the house, where she found a blonde woman curled up on a futon, sound asleep. She began to reach out to shake Yukari by the shoulder when something hit her from behind and she collapsed with a sigh.

A small girl with a cat’s ears and two cat tails stood above the fallen maid, an oversized mallet in her hands.
“Good job, Chen!” Ran said as she walked in.

...

The first thing Sakuya noticed was the splitting pain in her head. As she tried to rub her head, the second thing she noticed was that her hands were securely bound behind her back. She opened her eyes and quickly ascertained that she was hanging from an eave, dangling about a meter above a patio. The fox-tailed girl and the cat-tailed girl were standing before her.
“Awake already?” Ran looked only slightly surprised.
“Ugh... what are you trying to do?” Sakuya responded weakly.
“Nothing, except getting a troublemaker out of the way,” came the blonde’s response. “Don’t worry. We won’t kill you.”
“But Ran,” whined the short catgirl, “We haven’t had human in such a long time... I want at least a taste.”
With that, Chen took Sakuya’s left leg in her hands and opened her mouth to take a big bite. Sakuya would have none of that, and kicked out with her other leg, sending a stunned Chen to the floor. Chen raised her hands to her eyes and began to wail.
“How dare you do that to Chen!” Ran cried. She turned to her cat-tailed counterpart and attempted to soothe her, “There, there. Go inside and I’ll make you some chicken later.”
While the crying Chen retreated into the house, Ran turned back to Sakuya, clearly flustered. “You bitch! She could have been seriously hurt!” she cried, producing a length of rope and stringently binding the other girl’s ankles.
“I thought cats had nine lives,” Sakuya responded flatly, pulling at her bonds a bit.
“That’s enough out of you!” Ran withdrew a handkerchief from her pocket and, knotting it in the center, held it to her captive’s lips. Although Sakuya pulled away as much as she could, Ran managed to get the knot between her lips and, pulling the ends of the cloth taut, tied them together at the back of her head.
“Mmmmmph!” an indignant Sakuya mmmphed as Ran took her scarf.
With a “You can freeze to death out here for all I care,” Ran went indoors, scarf in hand.

Sakuya assessed the situation. Her ropes were well-tied and her spell cards and knives had almost certainly been taken. Even so, the situation was far from hopeless. With her space-altering magic, she carried so many knives on her person that they surely couldn’t have discovered them all. She squirmed for a few minutes until she felt cold steel.

Her bonds cut loose, Sakuya dropped gracefully to her feet and, shivering a little, pondered how she would go around retrieving her confiscated items. Her train of thought was abruptly cut short as she heard the crunch of snow under approaching footsteps. She retreated behind the corner of the house and waited. If the visitor intended trouble, it was definitely better to let the actual occupants of the house handle it.

“Ah, hello Youmu,” came Ran’s voice. “Did Miss Yuyuko want something?”
“Yes, she did,” came a female voice. “She was wondering if you could help her with...”

Sakuya, uninterested in their conversation, took the opportunity to sneak around the house and enter through the back. She felt like a thief, but she had no choice and besides, her maid uniform lent her a certain air of legitimacy. Stepping over a curled-up, sleeping Chen, she soon recovered her scarf, her spell cards and the remainder of her knives, and was passing through Yukari’s room on her way out when the sleeper stirred.
“Nnnn...” the blonde groaned as she slowly sat up on her futon, blinking. “Ran? Is that you?”
Sakuya froze. She could probably handle Yukari in her half-asleep state, but even a short fight could draw unwanted attention. Then again, fighting wasn’t the only way to take advantage of her drowsiness... “Yes, it’s me.”
“Is my...” She yawned. “...rice ready yet?”
“It’ll be another half-hour, Master Yukari. ...By the way, what do you know about the colored boxes that have been appearing everywhere?”
“Colored... boxes?” Another yawn. “Um, I think some gentleman I brought through dropped some.”
“Someone you brought into Gensokyo? Where is he now?”
“He fell into the... bamboo forest, was it?” Yukari blinked heavily a couple more times. “Why do you ask?”
“Um... no reason. Go back to sleep.”
“Well, I am sleepy...” Yukari rested her head back on her pillow and, within moments, was snoring lightly.

...

Sakuya was flying at a good pace to Gensokyo’s bamboo forest when she noticed colored flashes in and above a nearby field. Approaching carefully, she saw that some fairies were fighting with a group of diminutive, pointy-eared men wearing bright green and red. Some new sort of youkai? Whoever they were, she decided, they were obviously out of place, and needed a lesson in respecting nature.

As the last fairy burst into ether with a snap, the short men began to celebrate when several of their number abruptly keeled over, knives stuck in their backs. The survivors looked around, bewildered, for a moment, before realizing that the attacks had come from that flying maid over there...

For about half a minute, the field was ablaze with the wild light of magic blasts and the flash of flying blades, then, following one last scream, all was quiet. Just as Sakuya finished recollecting her thrown knives, a girl’s voice addressed her from behind.
“To defeat my entire squadron so quickly... you’re really something.”
Sakuya turned, knife in hand, and saw a rather short young woman also wearing loud greens and reds. “Oh... it was nothing.”
“What business do you have attacking my men?”
“Men? They were rather short for men.”
“Elves, technically, and you’ve cut them even shorter.”
“At least they’ll be able to fit more of them in heaven.”
“Anyway, are you affiliated with the people who attacked Santa?”
“Santa? Is that the person who’s been dropping all those boxes?”
“So you do know something!”
“I know many things. For instance, the salad fork goes on the outside, then the dinner fork, then the dessert fork.”
“Funny. But let’s see how confident you are after this!”

The short girl gathered magic in her clasped hands for a second, then they opened and a swarm of lustrous ribbons in green and red issued forth in Sakuya’s general direction.
“What are you trying to do?” Sakuya remarked as she flung knife after knife, her hands a blur. The ribbons, severed at their bases, fell limp to the ground, but more and more came forward to replace them, faster than the stream of knives could cut them down.
Some ribbons arced toward Sakuya, then some more, and she soon found herself dodging frantically while attempting to keep up her assault. A ribbon wrapped around her right arm, only to be quickly cut loose; two more seized her left arm and were cut loose as well, but in that split-second window, a considerable number of ribbons had made it away from their master intact, and they all converged on the hapless maid...

Sakuya’s arms were lashed behind her back, held fast by multitudes of ribbon. Her legs similarly immobilized and spread shoulder-width, she hung in the air, struggling in vain. Being captured twice in one day was terribly inconvenient.
“I’ll only ask this once,” the obviously irritated elf said. “Where is Santa?”
“Why would I tell you—“ Sakuya yelped as her bonds suddenly and sharply tightened, then relaxed a little. “I heard he was in the bamboo forest.”
“Thanks.”
The ribbons disappeared and Sakuya fell to the snow. She got to her feet and watched her assailant fly off. There was no need to hurry to catch up with her, though; anyone would get lost in that forest.

...

Sakuya expertly navigated the snow-capped bamboo stalks, having been to the forest before. It wasn’t long before she spied a hint of red; she approached and found herself in a clearing, where an odd sight met her eyes.
A large old man in red and white lay sprawled on the snow, trapped under an overturned sleigh, among large piles of colored boxes. “Help!” he called, reaching out a hand to the maid.
“Santa, I presume?” Sakuya responded.
“Yes! Help, I can’t feel my legs!”
Sakuya drew two knives. “Don’t worry. In a moment, you won’t feel anything at all.”
Santa’s eyes widened. “What is this?!”
“I’m sorry, but my mistress’s orders are clear. You must suffer the penalty for littering Gensokyo with your boxes.”
“Wait! It was never my intention to drop them—I was attacked! These are gifts for children!”
“Gifts...?”
“Yes, every year I distribute gifts to all the good children in the world.”
Sakuya hesitated. This man wasn’t a bad person, he hadn’t meant anyone any harm, and yet here she was, ready to strike him down.

In some ways, she thought, she was still a child herself. “...Fine. I’ll help you out.”

...

“That should be the last one,” Sakuya said as she placed a parcel atop the heaping pile in the back of the sleigh.
“Thank you, Sakuya,” Santa replied, patting the head of one of the heavily bandaged reindeer tethered to his vehicle. “Without you, I’d be in a real jam.”
“By the way... how can you deliver all these in one night?”
“You think you’re the only magic-user here?” Santa said with a wink. “I didn’t prepare a gift for you, but here’s a token of my appreciation, anyway.”
Sakuya caught the red-and-white stocking cap and, hesitating a little, put it on. It was a little big for her, but warm and comfortable nonetheless.
“I’ll be on my way, then,” the now hatless Santa said. “Ho, ho, ho!”

...

Remilia was satisfied to hear that the culprit was “no longer with us.” She was even happier to receive a new red nightcap, and Sakuya couldn’t be happier with that. Meiling, by the way, never did figure out what exactly to do with her hobby-horse, but was happy all the same.

Reisen’s master forgave her, and quickly cured the cold she had caught from being tied up outdoors for several hours.

Reimu drank tea and stared at the sky all day. She never did get around to cleaning up the presents, but they were recovered anyway.

Rinnosuke acquired many outer-world artifacts for his store. Even so, his business remained as slow as ever...

Chen ate happily and forgot about the events of earlier that day. Ran was glad to see her smile.

The elves eventually found their way out of the bamboo forest, and later Gensokyo. Unfortunately, by the time they did, it was March already. 

Santa successfully delivered his presents, then returned to the North Pole for a stout drink of whiskey.

Through all these events, Yukari slept... 
We emerge from the gap. The nine of us find ourselves on the top of a mountain, just one among a mountain range. It’s pretty chilly, but there is green grass growing among the boulders.

Reimu looks around. Compared to the hell around us the last time we were here, the sky is blue and the sun is shining. It almost feels hard to believe that this is the same place, “Well, we’re here…”

“So this is Yumei’s Gensokyo,” says Alice, trying to pass judgment on the situation, “It’s not as bleak as I would have imagined.”

“Um… You might be coming to an early conclusion on that, Alice!” Reisen points out to one side of the mountain range, “Look!” Everyone looks out in the direction Reisen pointed out.

“Oh my!” exclaims Yuyuko.

Before us, we see the ruins of a city, extending out as far as we can see. I don’t know which city it was, nor does it matter. Some office buildings are tipped slightly, and others are standing, but in rough shape. A complex highway runs throughout it, and there are cars scattered all over the place. Despite the ugly sight before us, it looks like this city came out fairly well, at least compared to the one we were in when we escaped.

“Actually, I was looking at the other side,” says Alice, as she points out to the other side of the mountain range. On that side, it looks like a world completely different that the one we just saw: At the foot of the range is a small length of field, followed by a massive forest, stretching out as wide as we can see, and a large mountain in the hazy distance. It looks more like the Gensokyo we know, but overall, the layout doesn’t match up.

“Now THAT looks MORE familiar,” I say.

Sakuya points out, “If memory serves correctly, I believe Yukari said that the world was rearranging into an identical image of Gensokyo’s geography.”

Reimu guesses, “Well, she has control over the boundary and Gensokyo. Maybe she just did things to suit her own taste?”

“I suppose…”

“Looking at these two places, it really does look like the two worlds were combined,” says Youmu, “Strange to see both in the same place…”

Cirno looks at one side of the mountain range, and then the other, “So… um… where do we go?”

“…” There is silence between us. That was a pretty good question. There isn’t a whole lot of indication of where Yumei is hiding out…

Reimu says, “I think Yumei is on the forested side. I mean, she tried to make her own Gensokyo, so I’d say she’d want to be on the side that most resembles the original.”

“Sounds too obvious,” says Reisen, “I say she’s trying to trick us, and is somewhere in the ruined city.”

“And what about Kaguya?” asks Mokou, “She could be held anywhere too.”

“Not to mention,” says Youmu, “She DID acquire Yukari’s powers, right? That means she could be in one area, but then instantly go to another.”

Yuyuko closes her eyes in focus, “I’ll try to find the greatest concentration of energy. The largest should be an indication of this ‘Yumei’s’ location…” Yuyuko takes a few seconds. Finally, she opens her eyes, “Oh dear…”

“Have you found anything, Yuyuko-sama?” asks Youmu.

Yuyuko shakes her head, “No. It appears the energies emanating from each side are near equal. I would have thought someone who controls Gensokyo would have a seemingly unreal degree of energy.”

“She said something about having been granted an enormous amount of energy for the experiment,” I recall.

“Ah!” Alice gasps upon a realization, “Maybe she used most of it up to change this realm…”

Reimu adds, “She said it only had something to do with dreams, so that may be it. Besides, she wasn’t so strong when she fought us… well, all of you anyway…”

“I guess…” I guess it’s possible you don’t have to be a go_ er… deity to possess the power of one…

“Regardless,” says Sakuya, “Our question remains unanswered. Our only remaining option is to decide on which side we shall explore.”

“I vote for the forest,” I blurt out.

“I choose the city!” shouts Reisen.

“I don’t give a damn either way,” says Mokou with an ‘I don’t care’ pose.

“I wanna go to the city!” votes Cirno, “It looks cooler!”

Sakuya looks on one side, then the other, “It doesn’t matter to me…”

“I don’t know about all of you, but I’m choosing the forest,” says Reimu.

“Hold on,” yells Alice. The way she just spoke, she’s likely gonna come up with a compromise, “Let’s look at this logically. Instead of simply choosing one side, which may possibly be the wrong choice, we should split up and cover more ground. Besides, a large group can’t move as fast anyway…” OH! Who called it? “… not to mention, Yumei has Yukari’s powers, so she can go anywhere, so we’d put ourselves at a disadvantage by all going together. We should split into halves and explore both sides, thus covering more ground.” Wasn’t THAT obvious? Yup, there’s a reason Alice is my superior at chess…

“That sounds reasonable,” says Yuyuko.

Counting her fingers, Cirno says, “Um… halves? But… there are nine of us…”

Rolling her eyes, Alice says, “Four of us will go down one side, and five of us will choose the other.”

Decision time! Reimu and I claimed the forest, and Reisen and Cirno claimed the city. Now for everyone else…

Mokou lazily steps in the city’s direction, “I’ll go to the big town. Fairy girl’ll need all the help she can get.”

“HEY! I can take care of myself!” protests Cirno.

“I will go to the forest, then,” votes Sakuya.

This leaves Alice, Youmu, and Yuyuko.

Alice says, “I will go to the forest too. That makes it three to four. One more for each team.”

“HOLD ON!” shouts Youmu, “Can one of you please change your choice? Yuyuko-sama is my mistress! I must_”

“Oh, don’t worry about it, Youmu,” interrupts Yuyuko.

“Yuyuko-sama?”

Yuyuko gestures in the direction of me, Alice, Reimu, and Sakuya, “You asked me if you could accompany them because you consider them your friends and you wanted to help them, am I correct? Well, you may do that…” She then gestures toward Reisen, Cirno, and Mokou, “I will go with them. Don’t worry about me. I’m sure these three will provide adequate assistance.”

Youmu briefly strikes an uneasy glance in Cirno’s direction, and then responds, “If… you say so, Yuyuko-sama…” I think I can tell what Youmu is feeling. On one hand, she wants to be there for her mistress, but on the other hand, Yuyuko IS an excellent judge of character, so if she says she will be okay traveling with three people she barely even knows, that should still be good enough.

Of course, if I can take a guess at Youmu’s feelings, it should be as clear as the light of day to Yuyuko, “Really, don’t worry, Youmu. I consider you a servant, but you should know a role of protector is unnecessary.”

Youmu looks at Yuyuko with a puzzled expression, “What?”

Yuyuko explains, “I AM a ghost, after all. I live off of pure spirit energy, not life energy, so whatever happens, I can only be weakened, not harmed, and certainly not destroyed. You have nothing to worry about.”

Youmu responds, still seemingly uneasy, “Understood.”

Yuyuko says to Reisen, Cirno, and Mokou, “Okay, my companions! Let us be off!”

“Well, THAT took long enough,” says the impatient Mokou.

Youmu approaches in my team’s direction, “It looks like I’m with you again.”

“You shouldn’t worry TOO much,” I try to reassure the gardener; “She’s with a flame-controlling immortal, a Lunarian with some nifty powers, and an ice fairy who is, let’s be honest, NOT completely useless. She’ll be fine!”

“I heard that!” calls out Cirno.

“You really should give Cirno more credit,” says Alice proudly, “She used to be under my flawless guidance, after all.”

“’Flawless?’” asks Reimu. Seriously; that fairy can fight alright, but she is still dim in the intellect department.

“Well, let’s go!” I say as I run toward the edge of the summit in the forest’s direction.

“Wait! Marisa!” yells Alice.

I jump up, positioning my broom under me, and fly away… until gravity kicks in and I start to fall, “Ah! Oh, shit!” I reflexively reach up trying to grab the cliff’s edge.

“Damn it, Marisa!” Someone grabs my arm and I crash into the rocky mountainside. I look up to see that Reimu had grabbed me.

“What? But… but this is Gensokyo… right? Why can’t I fly?”

Alice reaches down to grab Reimu’s arm to help me up, “Don’t be so hasty!”

Sakuya also helps, “Ugh! Don’t forget that… this is not the same Gensokyo! Don’t… jump to conclusions!”

Finally, Youmu pitches in and they get me back on solid ground. How much do I love my friends? Quite a bit; especially at times like this.

“Well, that was quite a display of what this Gensokyo’s magic lacks. So we can’t fly…” notes Reisen. She looks down the edge of the mountain leading to the city. I previously noticed that it starts with a cliff with no good footholds, “This is going to be tough…”

“Oh, only when you don’t have other ways of flying. Let me show you, bunny girl!” A pairs of flaming wings sprout from Mokou’s back. She dashes toward the edge of the cliff, grabbing Reisen by the arm along the way, and she jumps off, taking the rabbit with her. They float down with Reisen’s scream echoing.

“Wait for me!” Cirno runs after Mokou, glancing back toward us, “Bye-bye!” She flies off the cliff, quickly flapping her wings.

“Well, I’m off. I will be seeing you.” Yuyuko jumps off the cliff and floats down using some… ghost thing.

“Well, it looks like we’ve lucked out,” says Reimu, looking over the edge. Sure enough, there is a narrow trail meandering down to the bottom. Well, no use hanging up here, so we make our way down.

==

Meanwhile, in an unknown location, Kaguya and Eirin are trapped in two spherical green fields, emanating the only light in the room. They had been trapped there ever since they awoke from their deaths. Their ability to use magic and materialize objects are sealed for as long as they are within the barriers.

Kaguya asks Eirin, “Are you sure you can’t find a way out of these prisons?”

“There’s nothing I can do, Princess,” says Eirin, “I would think a spellcard could break through this, but I can’t use mine, and…” The doctor kicks the wall of her prison, but there is no effect, “… obviously, physical force is out of the question. Even my superior intellect is challenged in the face of a cautious mind…”

“’Cautious mind?’ Honestly, doc. Can you blame me for being too careful when I know one of my enemies is a genius with an IQ of 540?” Yukarumei steps out of a gap.

“Who are you?” asks Kaguya, “Your ears… You are a Lunarian, aren’t you?”

Yukarumei says, “We have met before, dear princess. Allow me to assume the form you remember…” Yukarumei reverts to Yumei.

“You’re… Yumei…” says Kaguya.

“Glad you remember our little encounter after you entered the void. You also have me to thank for placing that little seal on your ability to communicate across the boundary between dreams and reality. It would have been troublesome if you actually warned Reimu of my intentions,” says Yumei.

“So that’s why…”

“Just what happened?” asks Eirin, “What have you done? Where are we?”

Yumei answers, “We are in Gensokyo.”

“What?”

“I’ll tell you what happened…” Yumei explains to Eirin what had happened while she had been in her regeneration.

“So you destroyed Reimu and Marisa’s home, and created your new twisted version of Gensokyo in its place?”

“That’s right,” says Yumei, “This is a new world that I control. All of its residents are outside me now… well, except Yukari, since she’s technically me now, but they now all serve me! Allow me to demonstrate…” Yumei claps her hands. In mere seconds, Suika enters the room.

“Aneeting yoo need, Yoomay?”

“Yes, Suika. Allow me to drink from your gourd.”

“Ooookay!” Suika holds out her gourd to Yumei, who takes a quick swig from it.

“Ah, delicious. Be on your way, now.”

“Bai-bai!” Suika turns and leaves.

Kaguya and Eirin watched in awe as one of Gensokyo’s most powerful youkai followed Yumei’s instructions without question.

Eirin, who was not alive to witness the events that led to the creation of Yumei’s Gensokyo, asks, “How did you acquire Yukari’s powers? She was outside the dream?”

“Oh, I have my ways,” says Yumei, “Besides, I’m the only ‘Yukari’ still alive now.”

Kaguya eyes widen, “No… That’s impossible!”

Yumei says with a sly grin, “You’d be surprised how a well-placed plan can even bring down the mightiest of foes.”

“Curse you!”

Eirin demands, “What are you trying to accomplish by doing this? What do you need your own Gensokyo for?”

“Revenge,” answers the rabbit.

“What?”

Yumei looks at Eirin, “Surely, you, Doctor Yagokoro, know of the Lunarian science division’s test samples? Well, I am such a sample, sent to Earth to do what I was ‘customized’ to do…”

“Yumei…”

Yumei’s fist tightens, “I never had a chance to have a life of my own. I was only an object to be experimented on. Hell, ‘Yumei’ isn’t even my name. Professor Yumemi simply decided to call me ‘dream’ in order to keep things simple. They did what they wanted with me, and just discarded me. They didn’t give two shits about me. Thanks to Gensokyo altering history, I doubt they even REMEMBER me! Well, I will wield the results of that experiment against them and show how ‘successful’ they were! My goal… is revenge against the Lunarians!”

Eirin says, “I’m sorry about what happened to you, Yumei… I’ll admit that I may have played a part in starting the experiments taking place now… but do you honestly believe doing this will allow you to defeat an empire that has conquered countless realms? Your goal is nothing but an unrealistic fantasy!”

Yumei smirks, “And here I thought you were supposed to be smart, doc. Of course, I alone stand no chance, but I will form alliances across realms, thanks to my new boundary manipulation. I will ally with the realm of the Lunarians’ arch rivals, among others, and with them, I will crush them all!”

Kaguya says, “You destroyed Reimu and Marisa’s home… the land Mokou and I loved… all for THAT selfish reason?”

Yumei brings her face closer to Kaguya’s “’Selfish?’ Tell me, do you know how many realms fell under the Lunarians’ control? More than you can imagine. Besides, I sure as hell ain’t the only one whose life was ruined, thanks to the Lunarians’ stupid desire for endless knowledge! With my victory, all those enslaved realms will be freed!”

“A decent side-benefit,” says Eirin, “but in the end, this is all about your revenge.”

“Hey, I gotta start somewhere. Eirin, I think you know what I want you for.”

“The hourai elixir?”

“Yes. With that, I can be just like Lunariya, the Immortal Empress! Nothing will stop me!”

Eirin says calmly, “Don’t count on me helping you. I may agree with some of your motives, but that doesn’t change the fact that you destroyed the place where the princess’ most precious memories lie.”

Yumei storms out of the room, “Dammit! I knew this wouldn’t be easy! Just you wait! I have time. I will convince you, in one way or another, to help me!”

Once Yumei’s footsteps are too far away to hear, Kaguya looks at Eirin, “Thank you, Eirin.”

“For what, princess?”

“For refusing Yumei’s desire… just to not help the destroyer of the place I loved the most. I’m sure she will make things rougher…”

“I know, princess. Just be brave…” Eirin pauses, “I did that because you were the very first person I could consider a friend…”

“Eirin… Did you make the elixir for me, because it was like you said… because you thought of me as a friend… or because I was your princess?”

“As a friend. In fact, I was told not to let anyone else drink it… but I was immortal and you weren’t… I didn’t want to lose you someday…”

“… But… I was exiled…”

“I knew we would be together again, princess. Wounds heal with time. So do relationships…”

“Eirin… you can call me Kaguya…”

Eirin rubs the back of her head, “Force of habit, my apologies…”

Kaguya smiles warmly, “It’s okay… but someday… will you call by my name and not my discarded social status?”

“I will try princ_”

“Haha!” Despite the situation, Kaguya still finds interacting with Eirin to be something to take her mind off her grim situation, even if only temporary.

==

The five of us make our way down the mountain, toward the forest area of Yumei’s Gensokyo.

There’s yours truly, a fellow dreamer-slash-shrine maiden who happened to be among the strongest beings in the dream, despite being a tad laid back, my neighbor-slash-puppeteer-slash-fellow magician-slash-sole youkai in our crew-slash-only ‘imagined character’ among us, a forsaken Lunarian-slash-former servant of a being less existent than herself, and a half-ghost who is either too grown up or too childish.

The mountainside trails are very narrow, to the point where we’re walking single-file, with Reimu at point, then me behind her, then Youmu behind me, then Sakuya, and finally Alice in the far back.

“Dammit!” complains Youmu, “Why can’t we fly? This IS Gensokyo, isn’t it? We should be floating down to the bottom!”

“Well this IS Yumei’s Gensokyo,” I say with a slight shrug, “She had control over this place, and if someone… say… us, were to invade, I’d disable the ability to fly too. It makes it harder for intruders to get around.”

“Dammit…” says Youmu, still bitching about our predicament.

“So flying is out of the question,” says Reimu, “That’s inconvenient, but what about healing?”

“Already covered,” says Sakuya, “I gave myself a small cut about a half-hour ago to test it, and my marred skin is now completely mended, so we still have that benefit.”

“You cut yourself?” asks Alice, who quickly goes back to her somewhat indifferent demeanor, “Well, whatever works for you…”

“And spellcards?” asks Reimu.

“I’d imagine we can,” says Alice, “Think about it. What could benefit Yumei? Of course, the healing and spellcard creation, but flying? She has Yukari’s powers and can go anywhere she wants in a way far more efficient than flight, thus she can disable flight with little personal impact to herself.”

I nod in agreement, “Eh, makes sense.”

A few more minutes pass as we make our way down, the bottom still not seeming to get any closer.

Youmu says, “I hope Yuyuko-sama will be okay with those three…”

“I told you before, she’ll be fine!” I try to assure Youmu again.

Alice picks up by stating the facts, “As a ghost, her susceptibility to death is even lower than Mokou’s… in fact, death doesn’t even apply, as she already IS dead. It’s like she told you, Youmu, she simply had you as a servant, not as a protector. She doesn’t need one.”

Youmu glances at Alice out the corner of her eye, “Was that supposed to make me feel better?”

“Well, I tried,” says Alice, dismissing the issue.

Reimu cuts to the point, “Bottom line, your mistress will be fine… I think. What, Youmu? Do you not like being with us?” She said it in a teasing manner.

“It’s not that,” says Youmu, “It’s just that it’s my sworn duty to_”

“Be by your mistress’ side, right? Wow, your life’s a total bore!” A voice cuts in, interrupting Youmu.

“Who’s there?” yells Sakuya.

It came from a ledge above us, which we had already traveled on. It’s an awkward view, due to our limited space, but we can see a little of who just spoke: A blue-haired girl with dark red eyes, wearing a pink blouse, a long blue skirt, and a small black hat with a peach-like ornament on it. She isn’t anyone I recognize, though…

However, Reimu seems to know her, and not in a good way by her tone of voice, “It’s you! Tenshi!” Alice, Youmu, and Sakuya also seem to recognize her, based on their facial expressions. Now I remember, Tenshi was that heavenly being that trashed Reimu’s shrine during the Mountain of Faith incident. However, I was knocked out for most of that time, so I never met her face to face. I only know what I do about her, based on what my friends told me, but I hear that, despite supposedly representing all that is good, she LOVES fighting, and thus, would help out with any cause, as long as she gets her much-wanted adrenaline. All in all, she’s a bitch.

“What are YOU doing here?” demands Youmu.

Tenshi answers, “Oh, I just noticed that Gensokyo had come back after a long absence, so I wanted to take a look. I met with the one what was at the middle of it all, Miss Yumei, and she said I would get some action if any on you came along, so I went and found you, and I am SO bored right now!”

Reimu says, “Dammit! I should have known if you showed up!”

Apparently, Tenshi is aware of our mobility disadvantage, as she points it out, “Well, it doesn’t seem you can move much, but I know you’ve been in tight places before, so I doubt you’ll disappoint. That said, let’s get ready to rumble, shall we?” She jumps down from her perch. In midair, two angel-like wings sprout from her back, and she hovers in front of us, over the abyss below. In her hand, a straight-bladed sword, with a rainbow-colored blade, appears. She takes some practice swings… or what I THINK are practice swings, as with each swing, a fissure opens up along the mountain or ground, following the blade’s path, “Attack me.”

Well, if it’s a fight she wants, then it’s time to kick some ass! “You asked for it!” I draw a spellcard, “Love Sign!” Energy flows into me as I aim my hand in her direction, “Master Spark!” I fire my big beam. However, Tenshi doesn’t even make an effort to dodge! The beam slams into her, forcing her back by several feet before my spell ends. She flies back toward us.

Reimu follows up, “Spirit Sign: Fantasy Orb!”

Reimu sends several balls of holy energy toward, Tenshi, but this time, she barrel rolls around the attack and stops right in front of us, “Ah, I needed that! After 14 months of sitting around in…” Tenshi shutters “… Heaven, I needed a good reminder of what it REALLY means to be alive! Well then, enough fooling!”

“We haven’t the time to deal with you!” Sakuya tosses a few knives at Tenshi, who swats them to the side with her sword. However, a few more appear in front of her, no doubt due to Sakuya’s time manipulation, and sink in when her guard is down.

“UGGH! Not bad…”

“My turn!” Alice summons two dolls, which appear in front of her, which fire a barrage of colorful magical blasts. I back them up with my own attack, by extending my arm in the celestial’s direction and firing off some green shots of magic. However, she recovers in just enough time to dodge and ascends over our attacks. However, Reimu intercepts her by throwing a handful of needles, which sink in the same area Sakuya’s knives hit, intensifying the bleeding quite a bit.

Youmu draws a spellcard, “Human Sign!” Energy flows into her as she unsheathes her larger sword, the Roukanken, “Slash of Present!” She disappears from sight for a second, and around the same time, Tenshi staggers back from a large scar that just appeared across her chest and split-second later, Youmu reappears in her original location. As Tenshi recovers, I draw a spellcard, Reimu has a bunch of needles in one hand and ofuda in the other, Youmu has both of her swords drawn, Sakuya has a bunch of knives ready, and a few dolls materialize around Alice.

Tenshi, clutching the wound she received from Youmu, looks at us with one eye tightly shut, “Damn… looks like I’m at quite a disadvantage…”

“Just get out of here!” yells Reimu, “What fun is there in this?”

“How could you ask that?” asks Tenshi.

“Do you know what Yumei had done?” says Reimu, “She destroyed our homeworld, and replaced it with the place we are now! In doing so, she rendered hundred of millions of people inexistent! How can you, a celestial, help someone like that?”

Tenshi shrugs, “Eh, it happens. If you ask me, I don’t really care. It’s moments like this where I get my thrills. I don’t care about Yumei or what she did. All I want is my fun. I’m in this for myself and no one else.”

“Looks like you won’t listen to reason no matter what…” mutters Reimu.

“Reason is boring,” says Tenshi, “If you want me to take ANYTHING seriously, force is the only voice I wanna hear!”

“Fine by me,” I respond.

Sakuya follows up my words, “Tenshi, do you honestly believe you have a chance. Yes, we certainly are at a mobility disadvantage, but that doesn’t change the fact that this battle has the five of us against just you, and you obviously aren’t powerful enough to deal with that. If you value your life, and from what I gathered from what I heard about your battle with Youmu during the Mountain of Faith incident, you do, you would admit your defeat and leave us alone.” Yeah, back then, Youmu fought a one-on-one battle against Tenshi, which my half-human friend barely winning. As much as that celestial bitch likes to fight, I heard that when she was seriously threatened with death, she, rather pathetically, broke down (or so I’ve heard). It’s kind of funny when I think about it…

Tenshi takes the ex-maid’s words to heart, “Yes, I can’t argue with you about that… I don’t stand a chance against these odds… SO LET’S EVEN IT, SHALL WE?” Tenshi swings her sword in Alice and Sakuya’s general direction. The ground Alice is standing on starts to crumble away.

“AHH! Help!” Alice cries out as she falls with her arm outstretched upward.

“Alice!” Shit! I can’t maneuver around Youmu in enough time to save her. Youmu also tries to make an effort, but Sakuya manages to dive and grab Alice’s arm just in time, just her legs still hanging on the ledge.

“Hold on!” Youmu sheathes her swords and proceeds to help Sakuya and Alice back up.

“Ah-ah-ah~” heckles Tenshi as she swings her blade, causing a vibration, which throws off the footing of me, Reimu, and Youmu.

However, it causes Sakuya to lose her grasp on the ledge, “Damn!” Both she and Alice start to plummet.

“ALICE!” I cry out. “Dammit!”

“SAKUYA!” yells Reimu.

“Time for a picturesque finish!” Tenshi raises her sword. At that moment, a bunch of rocks protrude out of the mountainside below where Alice and Sakuya are about to fall. The rocks shift to form spikes pointing upward.

“Dammit!” I curse as I try to think of a plan to save them in the very few seconds I have.

However, just above the spikes, a gap appears, not unlike what Yukari is capable of, only this gap is pitch-black instead of purple. The gap swallows Alice and Sakuya, and then disappears. Okay… what the hell was THAT? … And more importantly, what happened to Alice and Sakuya?

While Reimu and Youmu are no doubt wondering the same thing, Tenshi says, “Oooookay… that was a little weird…” (She doesn’t know either?) “… but still, there are now just three of you. That went better than I had hoped!”

Dammit all! There will be plenty of time to come up with ideas of what happened to Alice and Sakuya, but for now, we have that bitch, Tenshi, to deal with!

Tenshi fires a red laser from her sword at Reimu who evades to the side, then tosses an ofuda back at the celestial, who cuts through it with her sword.

Soon the battle escalates into a crossfire sequence with lasers, blasts of holy energy, magical energy, spirit energy, needles, and ofuda flying back and forth between us. Reimu, Youmu, and I make our best efforts to dodge Tenshi’s attacks, but from where we are, it’s easy to lose our balance, which the celestial likes to use to her advantage. After a few minutes, which really felt longer, Tenshi lets up on her assault, breathing fast and heavily, “You’re… pretty good…”

“We can still hold up quite a bit longer, Tenshi!” declares Youmu, “Give up! You’ve lost!”

However, through her pained expression, Tenshi’s lips curl into a smirk, “I’ve lost…? Don’t get any wrong ideas…”

“What?” says Youmu.

Tenshi says confidently, yet still between deep breathes, “My power… is the ability… to control the land… I can do whatever I want… with the very ground you stand on… I could finish you at any time…”

Reimu grits her teeth, “Tch…”

“Hahaha… it’s a win-win situation for me… I just wanted my entertainment… now… TO END THIS!” Tenshi swings her sword one more time, causing our entire perch to crumble, causing us to fall. Crap!

“Let’s see… if something will save YOU!” Tenshi again summons a bunch a jagged rocks, this time on OUR falling course. However, all three of us have an effective means of dealing with it, as we all draw a spellcard.

Youmu declares, “Edge Sign: Rolling Slash!” Red energy flows into the Roukanken. She swings it downward at the spikes, releasing a blade of spirit energy, which cuts through the spikes.

At the same time, Reimu declares, “Dream Sign: Evil Sealing Circle!” Her entire body glows and releases a small pillar of white holy energy, which completely obliterates the spikes under her.

As for me, I declare, “Love Sign: Master Spark!” and use my good old spell to blast myself out of harm’s way…

… However, right below the spikes, there is still a fissure, and we can’t fly, so… yeah, we’re still pretty fucked. We fall into the big crack in the ground, with a bunch of chunks of the mountainside falling behind us, which Tenshi probably decided to add for good measure. One big rock catches up with us, but Youmu slashes it to pieces.

Dammit, there’s no point! Even if we can avoid getting crushed, the fall will still kill us! “Shit! Dammit! We’re done for, since we can’t fly!” I wanted to know what happened to Alice and Sakuya, but something tells me they’re in a better situation than us! I sure wanted to know what happened to them…

Youmu also starts to despair, “Yuyuko-sama…”

The fall continues deeper and deeper into the earth, and that feeling of vertigo becomes worse and worse.

Suddenly, however, Reimu lets out a surprised “WHAT?”

I ask, “What is it, Reim_” Before I can complete my sentence, a simple look in her direction answered my question. Reimu is falling SLOWER than Youmu and I.

Reimu yells, “Marisa! Youmu! We can fly! I don’t know why, but the magic to do that is here!”

Youmu starts to also fall slowly, “You’re right!”

I position my broom under me and do the same, “Well shit, that’s a relief… now let’s get the hell outta here,” I say as I prepare a spellcard, “Light Blast: Shoot the Moon!” A magic circle appears above us and below the falling rocks and fires up a large beam of magic energy, destroying the rocks… but not all, or enough, of them, as more rocks fall to take their place.

“Shit!” I yell, “No good!”

Reimu says, “I’ll help! We can do this!”

“Yeah…” I respond, noticing that it’s becoming increasingly hot.

“Look! Below!” calls out Youmu, looking down. Below us, at the bottom of the earthly shaft we had been falling through, there is a large sea of magma (I guess one mountain, among the range, was a volcano). We each summon a shield of our respective energies, which protects us from the heat, but not enough to stop our uncontrollable sweating. We hover over the lava, getting out of the way of the rocks, which crash and pile up on a small island.

“Damn! It’s too hot!” bitches Youmu… though I agree.

“Yeah… we need to get out of here. FAST!”

Reimu, being amazingly useful during these last few minutes, notices something, “That island! There!” Sure enough, on another small island, there is a large magic circle. By now, we know that things like that are not JUST there, so we decide to examine it. After all, this is a weird place to find one, and if there is something like that around, there must be another presence responsible for it. Despite our reluctance to get any closer to the magma, we drop into the magic circle.

“Hot…” Youmu continues to whine.

“Well, this is weird,” I say.

“I wonder why this is here…” says Reimu.

However, before Youmu or I can respond, silver pillars of light form around us. Before another word can be said, Reimu vanishes, then Youmu, and finally_

==

As Reimu, Marisa, and Youmu disappear, unbeknownst to them, they were being watched through a small gap in the boundary. On the other end of the gap, reclined in a large armchair, Yukarumei says, “An aspect of the dream you have not yet encountered. This will prove pretty damn entertaining!”


Reimu appears in another magic circle, in the middle of a room appearing to be part of a large cave. She notices that during the warp, she had been separated from Marisa and Youmu. The room is hot, though not nearly as hot as the sea of magma. “Where am I?” As Reimu inquires herself about her whereabouts, several fairy youkai appear and surround her. “Damn… looks like I’m not alone here…”

“Welcome, nya!” a voice comes from the shadows in the back of the room.

“Who’s there? Wait…” Reimu recognizes the mannerism the voice just used, “You’re… Chen? No, wait…” While she recalls the mannerism belonging to the nekomata, Chen Yakumo, the shikigami of Yukari’s shikigami, Ran Yakumo, the voice using it is distinctly different.

“’Chen?’ Don’t know who that is, nya. I was ordered by Miss Satori to entertain you, nya… so I will!”

Reimu rolls her eyes, “Please don’t use the word, ‘entertain.’ I think I’ve heard enough of that concept in one hour…”


Youmu finds herself warped into a large purple corridor, lined with stain glass windows. “What is this place?”

“Hello,” A low female voice greets, accompanied by the sounds of approaching footsteps.

Youmu draws the Roukanken in the direction of the voice, “Who’s there? Answer me! Where are Reimu and Marisa?”

“Oh, my… ‘pets’ are dealing with them…” The owner of the voice walks out of the shadows and into plain sight: A girl with short violet hair, wearing a blue shirt and pink skirt, with a few golden heart-shaped ornaments all around.

“Hello, Youmu Mari Konpaku, gardener, servant, and… self-proclaimed protector of Netherworld Hakugyokurou’s appointed sovereign, ‘Princess’ Yuyuko Saigyouji, referred to by you as ‘Yuyuko-sama,’ formerly known in life as Yuko Saigyou, only human friend of one Yukari Yakumo… who is recently deceased. That’s too bad. Daughter and student of Youki Konpaku, whom you recently found out was appointed as a Lunarian, and… well, this is interesting, you don’t know who your mother is. Skilled in the art of the sword, half of your teachings being from your father, and the other half being self-taught. Physical age: 15, mental age: … either 8 or 20, depending on the situation, chronological age: 39… how embarrassing. Your coworkers go by the names, Lunasa, Merlin, and Lyrica Prismriver, as well as one Mima, who recently joined. The ones you consider to be your best friends, as well as companions, go by the names Marisa Kirisame, Sakuya Izayoi, and Alice Margatroid, oh… and it looks like little Youmu is growing up: The one you have romantic feelings for goes by the name_”

“DAMMIT! SHUT UP!” snaps the freaked out Youmu, who takes a few second to catch her breath, “How… do you know all that… I never met you!”

The girl smiles at Youmu like she’s looking at a plaything, “If you find that to be a bother to you, I wonder how you will react when I delve deeper into your heart. There are things you have kept hidden inside yourself from the world… and I, Satori Komeiji, am going to bare it all.”

“Stay away!” yells Youmu, threatening Satori with her sword.

Satori, however, keeps approaching Youmu, “If you plan to attack me, go ahead.”

“RRaaaarrrgggghhhh!” Youmu charges at Satori, who keeps walking with a relaxed composure. Youmu draws the Hakurouken and swings it at the mysterious girl, who tilts her head back, dodging the slash by mere millimeters. Youmu follows up by swinging the Roukanken downward, putting all her weight into the attack. Satori, however, rotates her body to the side, causing the gardener to stumble forward.

“You are powerful, Youmu, yet your skills remain unrefined. I see you never completed your training before your father left for the moon.”

“Damn you!” snarls Youmu, “Don’t talk to me like you know me!”

Satori chuckles, “Youmu dear, I know you better than you know yourself.”

“Shut up!” Youmu sheathes the Hakurouken and draws a spellcard, “Human Sign_”

“’Slash of Present,’” Satori cuts off Youmu’s words, “Your favorite spell, much like how Master Spark is Marisa’s spell of choice.” The mysterious girl explains the nature of Youmu’s attack as if she were reading a paragraph from a textbook, “The energy of the spell manipulates your body’s spirit energy, allowing you to move at an extreme speed, beyond your normal capability, over a short distance. At the same time, within that tenth of a second, the manipulated spirit energy moves into and manipulates your arms, allowing you to accurately slash, as under normal circumstances, your mind cannot react that quickly. Its overall energy expenditure is roughly 8% to 12% of your overall 100%. Almost 18% at its best: an effective and energy-efficient spell. You have good taste.”

Youmu drops her offensive posture in surprise, “No…”

“I know more,” says Satori, “Shall I explain the nature of its more-powerful cousin: ‘Slash of Eternity’… or its refined counterpart: ‘Angel Dance’. Or how about a different spell altogether, like the land-splitting ‘Delusion of Enlightenment’ or ‘Karmic Punishment of the Idle and Unfocused,’ which makes good use of your ghost-half’s doppelganger ability.”

Youmu drops to her knees in metal defeat, “No… What… WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU? HOW DO YOU KNOW SO MUCH ABOUT ME?”

Satori smirks, “I don’t need to know you to ‘know’ you. Like I said before, I will reveal all that is hidden within your heart. You are a very interesting… and very naughty girl, Miss Konpaku. I wonder if you can handle the truth…”

==

I find myself appearing inside a magic circle in another location. I look around and realize that I’m alone. Reimu and Youmu disappeared “… Damn it…”

I examine my surroundings: A corridor made up entirely of metal. It’s hot, but going from that magma pool to this is like going from the flying pan to the freezer… if you’ll pardon the cliché and slight exaggeration.

I stand in the magic circle for a few seconds, but nothing’s happening. Looks like it was a one way trip.

I walk through the corridor, which has only one direction. It isn’t long until I reach a door with a VERY uninviting insignia on it: A circle made up of six triangles, three yellow and three black. I know what it represents, and it’s usually NOT a good thing. Still, I never thought Gensokyo had something like this… or maybe this place is ruins of a power plant or WMD facility…

Still, the magic circle I arrived through is not doing anything, and there is no other way.

“This is a fucking mistake…” I mutter to myself as I press a panel next to the door, which responds by sliding open. I hesitantly step inside… 

Yukari wakes up. Despite being a ghost who can’t feel pain, the loss of her body’s spirit energy is just as hard on her. She opens her eyes and sees a grey ceiling. The first words that come out of her mouth express the perfectly natural reaction to her predicament: “Where… am I?”

However, Yukari was not expecting someone to answer, “Inside a dungeon. I see you’re finally with us.”

“Zzzzzzz…” Another voice is also present, in spite of being just snoring. However, Yukari recognizes the voice that spoke to her, as well as having a vague remembrance to the sound of the snoring.

“Yama…?” Yukari sits up, and sure enough, inside the typical-looking cell of the dungeon she is in, with stone walls, floor, and ceiling, and metal bars, with her is Sikieiki Yamaxanadu and Komachi Onozuka, who is sitting in the corner, sleeping.

Sikieiki points out the irony, “Fancy our reunion being like this. Out of many Netherworlds, we find ourselves in the same one, in the same place, in the same predicament…”

“…”

“And you’re a ghost now, I see. I never thought that would happen.”

“A while ago, neither would I. You see…” Yukari tells Sikieiki everything that happened to her, up until her confrontation with Kotohime.

“I see…” says Sikieiki, “You’ve had quite an adventure… and the end serves you right! You see, Yukari, even though you have the ability to alter the space between realms, it doesn’t mean you should have used it so freely. It is a crime against the natural order of things, and doing so excessively, like you had, is most certainly a way to find oneself condemned to Hell. What you should have done was_”

“Yama,” Yukari interrupts, “I know you are doing your job and all, but, frankly, it’s rather difficult to take your words seriously when we are sharing a prison cell. It… undermines the authority you are supposed to have. Even then, manipulating boundaries is what I do. I’d go so far as to say it’s my… raison d’etre.”

“…” Sikieiki understands, but doesn’t want to admit it outright.

“So, how did you and Komachi end up here?”

Sikieiki leans back, “As you are no doubt aware, the Lunarian Empire had taken control of this Netherworld. The Yama who governs this one is… how shall I put this… a coward. She surrendered rather easily. Accompanied by Komachi, I took it on myself to convince the leader of the occupation, this… ‘Kotohime,’ that it is in her, and the empire’s, best interests to leave the realms of the afterlife alone. She refused to listen, had her troops ambush us, and we were tossed in here.”

“Sounds like her…” Yukari stands up and looks at the metal bars of the cell, “You actually let these hold you? Are you even trying?”

Sikieiki says, unusually smug, “Try to escape yourself.”

“I will!” Yukari extends her arm and fires a blast of energy. However, it comes out much weaker than she intended. The small blast slams into an invisible field of energy in front of the bars and gets absorbed.

“See?”

Yukari stares at the bars, “What happened? Why am I so weak?”

“This is why.” Sikieiki raises up her hands into plan view, revealing two gray rings wrapped around the index fingers of both of her hands. Yukari looks at her hands and finally notices that she is wearing the same thing. Looking at Komachi, the shinigami is in the same situation.

“What are these?” asks Yukari.

“I can only assume that they suppress our ability to use energy attacks,” says Sikieiki, “Komachi and I tried to do the same thing, but to no such avail.”

Yukari smirks, “Hmph. They forgot one thing! Watch and learn, Yama!” Yukari tries to open a gap, but nothing happens, “What? These rings do that too?”

“There is actually a different reason for that…” A girl with sandy blonde hair and golden eyes, wearing a blue uniform with a Lunarian emblem pinned on it, comes into view.

“Who are you?” asks Yukari.

“A Lunarian, obviously,” adds Sikieiki, “What do you want with us? Wasn’t conquering this Netherworld enough?”

“Relax,” says the girl, “I don’t get my kicks the same way as my ‘sister.’”

“Your sister?” asks Yukari.

“Kotohime, I mean…” The girl introduces herself, “My name is Watatsuki no Toyohime. I am the second princess of the Lunarian Empire. I’m terribly sorry about Koto’s treatment of you.”

“If you really are sorry,” says Yukari, “You will release us!”

“That, I cannot do,” says Toyohime, “You see, Koto had been granted absolute control of this realm. Even I can’t disobey the rules she had set. The least I could do is apologize to you for how you were treated.”

“I see your sister’s behavior doesn’t run in the family,” says Yukari.

“We Lunarians are living things… human and youkai, too,” says Toyohime, “We are all different, just like you.”

“So what’s going on? If these… rings didn’t take away my powers, then what exactly happened?”

Toyohime explains, “First, I will explain those rings to you. As you had discovered, I’m sure, they suppress your ability to use whatever energy you use as a weapon. They also disable your ability to materialize things in your space, greatly diminishing your combative ability. They cannot be removed through sheer force… that is unless you mutilate yourselves. A machine in this complex controls them and by deactivating it, the rings just slip off. As for your powers, golden-haired youkai, while you were out, Kotohime put you through a process she likes to call ‘conditioning.’ In that process, one’s innate powers are extracted into a crystallized form. The resulting crystal is then surgically implanted into another’s body, thus allowing that person to use those powers. I wouldn’t be surprised is Koto ‘stole’ your ability for herself.”

Yukari’s hands curl into fists, “What? I’ll kill her! In one way or another, her life will be mine to take!”

Toyohime smiles awkwardly, “Well, if you can find a way out of here somehow, you can try…”

Yukari takes a few deep breaths, knowing that getting angry in this situation will not help. “When I first met this ‘Kotohime,’” says Yukari, “She introduced herself as the empire’s fourth princess. Just how many princes and princesses are there?”

“You do realize it’s the enemy you are making small talk with?” whispers Sikieiki to Yukari.

Yukari shrugs, “She doesn’t seem like a… you know… BAD Lunarian…”

“I heard that,” says Toyohime, “No trouble, though. I find you interesting and reasonable. To answer your question, there are no princes and there are four princesses: Myself, my real sister, Yorihime, Kotohime… and one I’ve never met…”

“Care to tell us what you mean by ‘real’ sister?” asks Sikieiki.

Toyohime explains, “Yori is my blood related sister. Really, only the exiled first princess is the empress’ biological daughter. The rest of us were taken in. ‘Mother’ truly loves Koto, but she adopted Yori and I for our… convenience…”

“’Convenience?’”

“Yori and I are the last surviving students of the moon’s former greatest mind, Miss Yagokoro. With her wisdom passed on to us, mother figured that princess status would be a great asset for the empire’s chain of command, thus, our adoption.”

“Ah!” Yukari knows Eirin came from the moon, but also that she was escaping from there, along with Kaguya. She decided to say nothing and give the Lunarians no leads.

“Huh?” There is a yawn, “By ‘Miss Yagokoro,’ do you mean Eirin Yagokoro?”

Yukari whirls around to see that Komachi had just woken up. “You idiot!”

Komachi picks the sleep out of her eyes, “What did I do?”

Toyohime’s face lights up, “You KNOW her? Where is she?”

“…”

Toyohime’s expression softens, she slumps to her knees, and she clasps her hands together, as she begs, “Please tell me! I really want to know! Is she okay?”

Yukari sighs and pauses for several seconds, “Alright. I’m sure you’ll go to whatever means to find out. I guess the cat’s out of the proverbial bag…” Yukari explains everything she knows about what became of Eirin after she left the moon with the emissaries to retrieve Kaguya, to how she took them to Gensokyo, to the moon incident, and finally… “… she and Kaguya were taken away. I don’t know what Yumei’s plans are with them, though…”

Toyohime tenses up, “I see. I wish I could do something with that information, but unfortunately, our forces can only operate within other boundaries on nights of a full moon…”

“So, now that you know, what do you plan to do?” asks Komachi.

Toyohime pauses, “I would like to find her and bring her home, but I respect her too much to dishonor her wishes. For now, the information I had gained will not leave these walls…” Toyohime walks toward the dungeon’s entrance, “I’ll be sure to visit you again, and… thank you… for being there for Miss Yagokoro when she and Kaguya needed you, golden-haired youkai.”

“It’s Yukari. Yukari Yakumo.”

“Yukari… I will remember that name…” Toyohime leaves the dungeon.

Komachi remarks, “Looks like you made a new friend, Yukari.”

“I hope so,” says Yukari, her lips curling into a smirk, “Hopefully through that, I can manipulate her into releasing us. It will happen, mark my words! I will make Kotohime PAY for what she did to me!”


Meanwhile, in Makai, the immortal maid, Sakuya and the demon maid, Yumeko’s battle begins with Alice, Shinki, Yuki, and Mai watching on.

Sakuya begins the duel by throwing a single knife at Yumeko to see how she will react and gauge her skill.

“Hmph.” Yumeko swings her knife upward, deflecting Sakuya’s knife, causing it to spin into the air. The demon maid then whirls around to toss her knife, which Sakuya narrowly sidesteps out of the way of. However, Yumeko then jumps up, grabs Sakuya’s previously thrown knife out of the air, and tosses it down at the immortal maid, who is momentarily immobile from the momentum of dodging the first knife.

“Damn!” With no time to dodge, Sakuya raises her arms in defense and the knife sinks into her arm, “AAGGH!”

“Sakuya!” yells Alice.

“That’s our Yumeko,” says Yuki.

Yumeko says with a deceptively sweet smile, “That wasn’t bad, fellow housekeeper, but it looks like I have the advantage here. You might want to give up, you know. The sight of other people’s blood excites me and sometimes I lose control. When that gets to be the case, accidents happen.”

Sakuya pulls the knife out of her arm, “UGH! I assure you, I’ve been through worse. We’ve only gotten started.”

“That’s the spirit! Let’s continue, then!” Yumeko draws another knife and charges toward Sakuya, the distance between them closing faster than the immortal maid anticipated. Sakuya barely blocks Yumeko’s attack in time and then jumps away to put distance between them again, as she knows Yumeko has the speed advantage. Knives materialize between Sakuya’s fingers, and she tosses one handful, and then the other at Yumeko, who twists to one side to avoid the first throw, and then swings her knife, deflecting the second. Yumeko gets in close for another close-range knife attack, which the immortal maid sways back to dodge, but the demon maid follows her attack with a kick, which sends Sakuya slamming back-first into the wall.

Yumeko rushes forward to thrust a knife into Sakuya, who quickly sidesteps and avoids the attack, and then dashes back toward the middle of the room, again for distance, and draws a spellcard, “Time Sign: Private Square!” A pillar of area, with Yumeko in the center, becomes monochrome, as the time within it stands still.

“What just happened?” asks Yuki.

Alice answers, “That’s Sakuya’s power. She can control time.”

Yuki’s eyes widen, “Really? Wow, the outside world has some interesting things…”

“…” Mai attentively watches to see what will happen.

Shinki folds her arms in front of her, “Quite a talent your friend has, Alice, but we will see if that’s what’s needed to defeat Yumeko…”

Sakuya dashes frantically around the frozen Yumeko, materializing and tossing knives, which stop short upon reaching the outside of the pillar. Finally, the spell reaches its limit and time resumes. Yumeko notices the knives as they start to advance on her, gradually becoming faster. Quickly and instinctively, she leaps up, avoiding any major damage, though a few of the knives nick her ankles, and lands outside the danger zone.

“I did not expect that,” says Yumeko, “Quite a power.”

“…” Sakuya says nothing, dissatisfied over the utter lack of success her spell had.

Yumeko guesses at the nature of Sakuya’s technique, “They just appeared, and you suddenly went from one location to another, so I suspect you did something along the lines of freezing time?”

“Ah!” Sakuya is surprised at how fast Yumeko figured it out.

“It seems the knives need a little time to move, thus the time window, and there was only so much space you could affect, which is why the knives were not closer. Plus, there were no knives above me to cut off my escape, so it seems there is something to prevent you from covering that area. I hope that’s not your best. How boring. At any rate, let us resume, shall we?” Yumeko tosses three knives at Sakuya, who tosses three of her own in retaliation. The knives collide and deflect off each other. Yumeko summons a group of magic circles that fire out knives. To stay on the same level of power as the demon maid, Sakuya does the same, and soon, there is a large crossfire sequence between the two maids. Both manage to dodge most of the knives, though some get through their defenses and inflict minor damage.

As the battle rages, Alice says to Shinki, “This needs to end soon! I do recall how Yumeko can get when a battle goes on for too long. Sakuya could end up in serious danger!”

Shinki says, calmly, “Oh, I’ll worry about that when the time comes.”

“It could be too late by then…”

“It won’t. Trust me, dear Alice.”

“Time to end this!” yells Sakuya, drawing a spellcard, “Silver Sign!” Her magic circles multiply in number. Sakuya thrusts her open palm in Yumeko’s direction, “Perfect Maid!” All at the same time, the magic circles fire out a swarm of knives.

Two knives materialize in Yumeko’s hands, “Is that it? I imagined you had a challenge coming my way!” The demon maid charges into Sakuya’s attack, quickly swinging her knives and deflecting Sakuya’s until she gets all the way through with only some minor nicks.

Sakuya bites her lip, “Damn…”

Yumeko says triumphantly, “My reflexes are the best in Makai. It’s insulting to think such a feeble attack would beat me! Now then…” Yumeko draws a spellcard, “I’ve seen what a couple of your cards can do. Now allow me mine!” Yumeko raises her spellcard, “Demon Sign: Hell Mirror!” To her left and right, two identical Yumekos appear.

“Tch.”

All three Yumekos jump away and toss knives at the maid at the same time. Sakuya narrowly dodges, but then the three Yumekos separate, and she loses track of the original.

One Yumeko dashes in close to deliver a close range knife attack that Sakuya leaps away from. Out the corner of her eye, she notices another Yumeko toss a knife at her, which Sakuya reacts to at the right moment, sidesteps, catches out of the air, and tosses back at its original thrower. The knife sinks into her lower chest, and the Yumeko bursts into black flames and vanishes. Sakuya acknowledges it as a fake, but also realizes something that differed from the original.

“Your friend has skills,” says Yuki to Alice.

Alice folds her arms in front of her, “The real Yumeko would not be caught off-guard like that. I assume the copies lack the ability of the original…”

Sakuya declares a spellcard, “Time Sign!” Energy fills her, but she doesn’t cast her spell right away.

“Haa!” One Yumeko attempts another melee attack on Sakuya, who again dodges, but the other jumps over its copy, lands, and prepares to strike.

“Private Square!” Sakuya again casts the spell where she freezes time in a small area, in which both Yumekos get caught. She dashes around the monochrome pillar, tossing knives, which stop and surround the Yumekos. Time resumes and the knives fly. One Yumeko jumps out of the danger zone, while the other gets stabbed from all direction as she tries to confirm the situation. Naturally, that Yumeko bursts into flames, revealing itself as the fake.

“Not a bad trick,” compliments Sakuya, “But it wasn’t hard to find its flaw.”

“I figured as much,” says Yumeko, “My copies lack my unparalleled reflexes. However, I figured you’d make it through that spell…” Yumeko readies another spellcard, “I wonder how you will deal with this one…” She raises the card, “Flash Sign: Shining Blaze!” Suddenly, Yumeko vanishes with a blur.

Sakuya raises her knife in defense, “Where did you go, Yumeko?”

“Oh, I’m here, I assure you…” Sakuya notices Yumeko’s voice is constantly on the move, coming from various directions and distances “… but it’s obvious you can’t keep up with me…”

“Tch…”

“Surprise~” Yumeko momentarily appears in front of Sakuya, quickly jabs her knife into Sakuya’s left eye, and then disappears. It all happened before the immortal maid could react.

“AAAAAAGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH!” Sakuya slumps to the floor in pain, her left hand over her blinded eye, blood seeping between her fingers, “Ugghhhh…”

Yuki winces at Yumeko’s action, “Ouchie! Sucks to be her!”

Alice grits her teeth, “Gr…”

“…” Shinki and Mai watch with unchanging expressions.

“Well, it looks like Yumeko’s getting into this,” says Yuki with a slight shrug, “When she gets excited, along comes her inner sadist.”

“End this!” Alice tells Shinki, “At this rate, Sakuya will lose… or worse! It’s over…”

“…” Mai briefly glares at Alice.

“Hmhmhm…” Shinki chuckles.

“What’s so funny? This is serious!”

“It’s nothing,” says Shinki, “It’s just unusual to see you care so much about someone. Still, it’s too early to call a winner.”

“What?”

“Your friend hasn’t yet given up. She’s determined…”

Sakuya rises up, still with her left hand over her eye, and tightly grasping a knife in her right. Yumeko had slashed her back and shoulder, but compared to the pain in her eye, the rest is trivial.

“You are so stubborn,” says Yumeko, on the move, “Are you REALLY that serious about getting Alice out of here, only for her to die? Think about how meaningless all of this is!”

“…” Not saying anything, Sakuya focuses. All the colors around her become lighter, but time continues to move, albeit at a slower pace. With time slowed, Sakuya can see Yumeko’s movements, though they are still amazingly fast. Yumeko tries to perform more hit-and-run attacks, though Sakuya can now defend against them, but little else. She continues defending until the effects of Yumeko’s spell wear off.

Time resumes its normal pace and worn out from the time manipulation, Sakuya’s breathing becomes heavy. Yumeko smiles, “Another time thing, I take it? It seems those abilities take a lot out of you.”

“…”

“Plenty of blood. I’m quite satisfied…” Yumeko readies a third spellcard, “Are you ready for the coup de grace? Maid Secret Skill: Persistence!” In front of Yumeko, five magic circles appear, and each fires out a knife.

In spite of the pain, as well as the heavy loss of energy due to spellcards, time manipulation, and loss of blood, Sakuya still barely musters the energy to jump over the knives as she runs toward Yumeko, “Ugh… That’s… a rather underwhelming spell…”

Yumeko places a hand on her hip, “Perhaps you should turn around?”

“Hm?” Sakuya glances behind her. The knives she had previous dodged make a U-turn in midair and fly back toward her. “Ah!” Sakuya dodges to the side, but the knives stay in the air and continue flying toward her. She runs and flies, despite her body’s protests to stay ahead of them.

Yumeko says calmly, “It’s no use. Those knives will stay on your trail until they hit you.”

“Tch.” Sakuya tries to consider her options. She could attack Yumeko and hurt her enough to shatter her concentration on the spell, but in her current condition, it’s doubtful she’d succeed in the attempt. Spellcards are out of the question, since Sakuya no longer has the energy to use one without harming herself.

“Please! Just give up!” yells Alice to Sakuya, “It’s not worth this!”

Sakuya groans, “I never give up... The only people... I’ve ever lost to are my mistress… Reimu… and Eirin… the longer that list… the greater my weakness… This… is not just about you, Alice…”

Yumeko pouts, “You are so stubborn, it’s sad. Fine then, that will be your epitaph.” Yumeko charges at Sakuya. The immortal maid attempts to guard with her knife, but Yumeko’s swing is so strong, it knocks the weapon from Sakuya’s hand. Yumeko then thrusts her knife in Sakuya’s gut.

“ACK!” Sakuya coughs out blood. At the same time, Yumeko’s homing knives sink into her back.

Yumeko smirks, “Fighting to the death, eh?”

“Sounds good,” groans Sakuya, “Nothing to hold me… back… now…” Sakuya slowly pulls a spellcard out of her pocket, “Last… Wo_” Suddenly, Sakuya’s spellcard is cut in half. She and Yumeko glance at what caused it: A doll armed with a sword, which then vanishes.

They look at the obvious source. “That’s enough!” yells Alice, running over to Sakuya.

“Heh…” Sakuya slumps to the ground.

“Crap…” says Yuki, shaking her head, “So much for a good finish…”

“You didn’t need to do that…” says Sakuya, “I’m finished anyway…”

“Shinki!” yells Alice, “Is there any way we can save her? There isn’t a lot of time!”

Shinki walks over to them, arms folded, “Of course, there is. Sara!”

In front of Shinki, a girl with pink hair, wearing a red dress over a short-sleeved white shirt appears, “What’s up, Mothe_” she sees Sakuya, “Oh my GOD! I guess I see what you need me for…”

Alice stares at the girl, “Sara? I forgot about you…”

Sara glances at Alice and says sarcastically, “Oh, gee, thank you for thinking about me all these years, Alice, especially when I was constantly wondering about you… Ah, whatever, there are other issues right now…” Sara kneels next to Sakuya and pulls the knives out of her body.

“AHH!” Sakuya screams and winces in pain.

Sara rolls her eyes, “You’re not making this any more pleasant for me, y’know? Now hold still…” Sara holds her hands out and they glow white.

Alice glances at Shinki, “Um… What is she doing?”

The creator explains, “I granted Sara healing powers not too long ago. I thought it could come in handy someday…”

“Alice…” moans Sakuya.

“Sakuya?”

“It looks like I’ve failed to prove myself to Shinki…”

“No, I think you have done enough,” says Shinki.

“What?”

“You didn’t give in, and you even tried to use a Last Word. Sometimes winning isn’t what’s important. Your resolve is indeed strong…” Shinki turns her attention to Alice, “It’s not too late, Alice. Are you sure you want to return to Gensokyo? You are aware that death awaits you there.”

“I won’t say that until it happens,” says Alice, “Besides, I have friends. They can help me against whatever is supposed to end me.”

Shinki closes her eyes in resignation, “I see. It is your choice, and I won’t stop you, though I insist against it to the end.”

“Thank you,” says Alice gratefully.

“However,” says Shinki, “Night is about to fall. I suggest you remain here for the night. I will return you tomorrow.”

“But…”

“We should,” says Sakuya, “You know as well as anyone that it’s not a good idea to explore an unknown area at night.”

“Okay. Sure.”

Sara’s hands stop glowing, “There. You should be good.”

Sakuya turns her attention toward her body’s condition. She is still blind in her left eye, and most of her cuts remain, “How am I ‘good?’ Nothing is different.”

“Well, exCUSE me for being weak,” growls Sara, “I can’t heal ALL that! I just got you out of the danger zone. For the rest, you should just get patched up.”

“Good work, Sara,” says Shinki.

“Well, at least I got a chance to use that power…” Sara vanishes.

Shinki says to Yumeko, “Yumeko, I have some tasks for you,”

“What is needed, Mother?” asks Yumeko obediently.

“Take Alice’s friend and bandage her injures and your own. After that, prepare a futon in Alice’s room for her friend and make Alice’s bed. Then, I want you to cook dinner. Also, at some point,” Shinki points at the floor, where blood is smeared all over, and discarded knives laying around, “clean, wash, and disinfect this floor.”

Yumeko stares at the floor, wide-eyed, realizing the mess she was partially responsible for making, “Um… Yes, Mother. I shall get to work right away…” She helps Sakuya to her feet, and they leave the room, with Alice following. Shniki vanishes, leaving only Yuki and Mai.

“This is bad!” cries Yuki, “Alice is going to leave us again, and Mother says she’s going to die, so… SHE’S GOING TO DIE!”

“…”

Yuki clenches a determined fist, “Well, I, for one, will not let that happen. Mother may punish us for this, but I have a plan. Mai, wake up at midnight, because your help will be much appreciated.”

“…”

“Okay!” Yuki leaves the room with a mix of tension and resolve.

Mai stares straight ahead blankly “… … … … Luize…”

With a little help from Yukari and her transportation-be-damned boundary manipulation, we all met up on top of a skyscraper. The architecture of the busy city below, filled with cars and people on foot, indicates that we are still in Japan, but whether this is the same city we were in or not, I don’t know, nor is it relevant. Next to our building, there is a slightly taller skyscraper blocking the sun. By ‘we all,’ I’m referring to Alice, Reimu, who is standing by my side, Sakuya, Youmu, Yukari, Reisen, Eirin, Cirno, and yours truly.

“Well, we’re all here,” I say, “So what’s next, Yukari? You said you needed both me and Reimu here to open that boundary where Kaguya and Mokou are?”

“Yes,” answers Yukari, “I do require the presence of both of you…” Reisen walks around, circling around to the backs of Reimu and me “… however, one more condition is needed.”

“What is it?” asks Reimu.

“For this to work, both of you need to be more in tune with the dream world. In other words, I need both of you to be asleep.”

“Then why the hell are we here?” I ask, “It’s hot and humid out, and the surface is rough and hard. You can’t expect us to fall asleep with these conditions!”

“There are certain other ways of inducing sleep in individuals,” informs Eirin.

“Like a tranquilizer gun?” asks Cirno.

“There is that,” answers Eirin, “but there is also… … DO IT, REISEN!”

“Okay!”

“Ack!” Suddenly, something connects with Reimu’s neck. She staggers for a few seconds, and then collapses.

Just as I try to comprehend what just happened, I feel an impact against the side of my neck as well, “Ugh…” I don’t know what the hell just happened, but soon after, I begin to black o_

==

Reimu and Marisa fall to the ground, unconscious.

Eirin asks, “Is that satisfactory, Yukari?”

Yukari nods in agreement, “Very.”

“What did you just do?” yells Youmu.

Reisen answers, “Some martial arts technique I learned at the Imperial Lunarian Military Academy. Probably one of the few things I had paid attention to…”

“…” Youmu stares at Reisen. During the moon incident, Youmu had caught wind that Reisen knew something about Youmu’s long-lost father. However, Reisen had since evaded telling Youmu the truth and she had been waiting for the right moment to force the truth out of her.

Cirno looks at the unconscious Reimu and Marisa, “Will they be okay?”

“Yes, will they?” asks Sakuya.

Reisen shrugs, “They should.”

“…”

Yukari claps her hands together, “Well, now that that has been taken care of, it’s time to open the boundary.” Yukari extends her arm in the direction where Reimu and Marisa are laying, and between them, a blue portal opens, “There. That should lead to a place where Reimu and Marisa’s consciousnesses are merged. Kaguya and Mokou should be just beyond that gap.”

“All we have to do is get them out?” asks Cirno.

“Yes. That is all. No special tricks here. Just find them beyond that gap, then bring them back with you.”

“In that case,” says Eirin, “Shall just Reisen and I go? Kaguya is our princess after all, so I feel it is only proper for her servants to save her.”

Reisen adds, “And Mokou… well, our relationship isn’t what I’d call… you know, friendly, but she is close to us too.”

“Go ahead,” says Alice, giving a ‘shoo, shoo’ gesture, “I, for one, have no objections. You just have to get them out, after all.” Everyone else decides to honor Eirin’s request.

“Thank you,” says Eirin, “Let us go, Reisen.”

“Okay,” responds Reisen.

Eirin and Reisen walk into the portal.

On the other end, they find themselves in a room, the size of a gymnasium, dimly lit by a light blue source of light above. Reisen looks up to see a sphere emitting the light. Inside it, there is a moon rabbit, like Reisen, with short red hair, wearing a black business suit, spectacles, and is almost six feet in height. Her eyes are closed and she appears to be in a state of suspended animation, “A moon rabbit like me, short red hair… Eirin-sama! Could she be this ‘Yumei’ we’ve been hearing about?”

Eirin also observes Yumei, “She really is a moon rabbit, but why would a Lunarian…? Never mind. We’ll have our answers soon enough.”

“Do you think she’s trustworthy?” asks Reisen.

“I don’t know, but we were informed that she’s a prisoner while the princess and Mokou are here. Regardless of whether we can trust her or not, we still must rescue Kaguya. Whether she’s friend or foe is irrelevant.”

“Got it.” Reisen looks ahead. On the other end of the room, there are two figures barely illuminated by the light from Yumei’s sphere. Eirin and Reisen immediately recognize them.

“Princess Kaguya!”

“Mokou!”

“…” Kaguya says something, however, something is strange. Her lips are moving, but there is nothing but dead silence.

“…” Mokou tries to say something also, but she too doesn’t produce a voice.

“I’m sorry, Princess Kaguya, but I can’t hear you,” says Eirin.

“…” Kaguya continues to speak with a serious expression on her face, but Eirin and Reisen still can’t hear anything.

“Weird,” says Reisen, “I can’t hear anything either.”

“I wonder if they can hear us,” wonders Eirin.

“I’ll check…” Reisen looks at Mokou, “Um… Hey, Mokou! You suck, you bitch!”

“…” Mokou says something with an irritated expression and flips Reisen the bird.

“… I think she heard me.”

“Interesting method,” says Eirin, “but it seems our question is answered. For some reason, they can hear us, but we can’t hear them.”

“I don’t get why this is happening,” says Reisen, “but we can at least communicate with them one-way.”

“That should be good enough,” Eirin turns her attention to Kaguya, “Princess, we’ve come to get you and Mokou out of Reimu’s subconscious. Please come with us.”

“…” Kaguya shakes her head, and then speaks to no avail, “…”

“…” Mokou adds some mute words, with an unusually melancholy expression.

“What? They don’t want to escape with us?”

Eirin tries to read Kaguya’s lips to the best of her ability, “’I’m… sorry… Ei… rin… We… must… re… main… here…’”

“They want to stay,” says Reisen, “What will we do, Eirin-sama?”

Eirin pauses for several seconds, and then says, “Regardless of Princess Kaguya’s will, I am NOT going to let her remain in Reimu’s mind for eternity!” Eirin walks over to Kaguya and forcibly grabs her arm, “Forgive me, Princess, but I can not let you stay here, even if it is on your orders! I care too much about you to_”

A blade of rainbow energy extends from around Kaguya’s hand, which she swings at Eirin, who lets go of Kaguya and jumps away, receiving a moderately deep wound on her flank, “Ugh!”

“Eirin-sama!” Reisen looks at Kaguya, then Mokou, “Damn it! They REALLY want to stay!”

A bow materializes in Eirin’s right hand, “This changes nothing! I absolutely will NOT let Kaguya spend an eternity in this place! I will drag her out, even as a corpse! Get ready for battle, Reisen!”

“I see…” Reisen pulls her handgun from its holster, “I’m sorry, Princess… Mokou…” She turns her weapon’s safety off.

Eirin pulls back the cord of her bow, and an arrow materializes, ready to be fired, “Reisen, I will handle the Princess. Can you take care of Mokou?”

Reisen looks at Mokou’s whose body ignites, “I… I’ll try…”

“You don’t try. You just do it.”

“…” Kaguya, with a sad expression, points her sword at Eirin.

Eirin says, “I don’t know what drives you to battle your own friend, but with all due respect, Princess, you don’t stand a chance of defeating me. Still, if you are so determined, you are perfectly welcome to try.”

“…” Kaguya extends her other arm at Eirin and fires a dazzling beam of light.

“En garde, then!” Eirin jumps over the beam and, as the boundary has the magic that allows flight, hovers in midair and fires an arrow down at Kaguya, who steps back to avoid the attack, then jumps up after Eirin, attacking with her sword. The Lunarian doctor blocks with her bow, then quickly counterattacks, smacking the princess across the face, stunning her. “Forgive me,” Eirin then kicks Kaguya to the floor and declares a spellcard, “Esoterica!” Around Kaguya, who is hunched over on the ground, several magic circles surround her in a dome-like formation. Eirin pulls back the cord on her bow, but an arrow doesn’t appear, “I have no desire to prolong this fight with you, Princess, so I will put a swift conclusion to this bout. Astronomical Entombing!” She releases the cord, and arrows emerge from the circles, poised to bombard Kaguya from all directions. Just as they hit, though, they all bounce off of the area around Kaguya, revealing a shining shield around her. Magic circles form on the barrier and fire off volleys of lasers, which Eirin attempts to dodge, but they become so constant, one finally hits and she is knocked to the ground. Eirin observes to herself, “A spellcard… I couldn’t hear her declare it… If I can’t tell what spell is coming, I can’t tell the nature of her technique… That is an unexpectedly effective handicap for her…”

At the same time, elsewhere in the room, Reisen battles Mokou.

Reisen dashes toward Mokou, her gun extended toward the immortal, and fires two shots, which Mokou dodges by rolling to the side, followed by slamming her open palm against the ground, sending a running blaze of fire raging across the floor in the moon rabbit’s direction. Reisen jumps over the attack and takes to the air, firing her gun again, which Mokou barely dodges by jumping up after her, the bullet grazing her pant leg, but not hitting any flesh. Reisen fires again, but Mokou swings her ignited left hand in front of her, deflecting the bullet, which ricochets off one of the chamber’s walls, and then delivers a flaming punch with her right arm, which sends Reisen flying back against the wall.

“Damn…” Reisen recovers, points her weapon at Mokou again, and unloads the entire ammo clip. Mokou spreads her arms and a pillar of fire rises around her, emitting heat so intense, the bullets completely melt and vaporize before hitting the immortal. Mokou then dashes toward Reisen with intense speed, leaving a trail of fire in her wake, and wearing a grin, which says, just as well as words, ‘Who sucks now, bitch?’

With Mokou approaching too fast for Reisen to reload, she draws a spellcard instead, declaring, “Force Sign: Menacing Threshold!” Several small missiles, made up of psycho energy, form around Reisen and home in on Mokou, who stops dashing as the missiles appear, but the inertia to too much for her to dodge in time.

“…!” The missiles slam into Mokou and burst, sending the immortal sailing through the air, but partway, she recovers and tosses a small fireball at Reisen, as she is about to reload.

“Tch!” Reisen dodges it, but Mokou presses her assault and sends more fireballs in Reisen’s direction. Reisen ejects her empty ammo clip, then returns the gun to its holster, “It takes more energy, but I’ll have to do this the other way!” Reisen positions the fingers on both of her hands in the shape of guns, then fires several psycho-bullets to intercept the fireballs.

They tear through Mokou’s attack, leaving clouds of smoke left over, which clears quickly enough for the moon rabbit to see Mokou declaring a spellcard with her mute voice, “...” A bird-like aura of fire surrounds Mokou as she moves on to the actual casting of her spell, “…” Mokou stretches her arm out toward Reisen and blue flames gather into her palm. Reisen had seen this technique several times when watching Mokou duel Kaguya, remembering its name as ‘Honest Man’s Death.’ Mokou fires a blue laser of concentrated fire at Reisen, who moves into a continuous sidestep, as the laser follows her.

Reisen, attempting a countermeasure, looks straight at Mokou and their eyes momentarily meet, at which point, Reisen’s eyes glow red and, in Mokou’s vision, several Reisens appear. Reisen backflips over the laser and takes to the air, attempting to blend in with the illusory Reisens. Her plan works as Mokou becomes confused and moves her laser haphazardly through the false Reisens, failing to hit the real one before she loses the energy to continue her spell. At that point, Reisen draws a spellcard. However, as she is the only one out of her copies doing that, Mokou immediately realizes she’s the real one, but it’s of no consequence on the moon rabbit’s part, “Phantasmal Rabbit!” Reisen’s copies all glow with red psycho energy, extend their arms and fingers toward Mokou, and fire off salvos of psycho-bullets, which Mokou tries to dodge, but it is not long before she get bombarded. Even though they are copies, the spell allows them to use very real attacks.

“…” Mokou uses her flame pillar defense again, though in this case, they minimize the effect of Reisen’s technique instead of completely defending against it. Although Reisen’s handgun is a deadlier weapon, her psycho energy is more effective at breaking through magical defenses. After a few seconds, Reisen’s attack ends, though the copies are still present, and Mokou’s pillar disappears, both the moon rabbit and immortal breathing faster than before from loss of stamina. However, Mokou is the first one to assert herself enough to use a spellcard, “…” Her phoenix aura appears again, which then flaps it wings, releasing a swarm of flames.

“Damn…” mutters Reisen, “I can’t dodge that!” The flames engulf all the Reisens, including the real one, who loses focus over her technique, causing the images to vanish.

Meanwhile, Eirin and Kaguya’s battle continues. Though the princess managed to put up a better fight than Eirin predicted, the doctor still gained the upper hand. Eirin looks out of the corner of her eye at Reisen’s predicament, I hope Reisen can handle this. Maybe I let my personal feelings interfere with my better judgment. Still… I may have to intervene if it gets to that point…

As Reisen is knocked to the ground, brushing off embers, Mokou’s hands ignite and she advances on Reisen. Reisen looks into Mokou’s eyes, intending to use her copying technique again, but, wising up, Mokou covers her eyes with her left arm and extends her right toward Reisen’s face, releasing a blast of smoke, which stings the moon rabbit’s eyes, causing her to squeeze her eyelids shut in reflex. After a second, she squints her eyes open and sees Mokou releasing flames in her hand, which form into the shape of a sword. Mokou charges at Reisen who manages to get to her feet in time and dodge Mokou’s first slash, which leaves a trail of fire in its wake, and barely avoid all subsequent attacks, not given enough time to deliver a counterattack.

Between dodging attacks, Reisen yells out to Eirin, “Um… Eirin-sama… I know you’re… having fun on your end… but the only mortal here… IS IN TROUBLE! Help!”

As Reisen calls out, Eirin, who has an arrow ready and aimed at Kaguya, turns and fires it at Mokou instead. However, the immortal is prepared to defend against Eirin’s attack. However, with Mokou distracted, Reisen release a small burst of psycho energy, which stuns Mokou long enough for the arrow to pierce her through the gut and knocking her to the ground.

However, as Eirin was distracted, Kaguya charged in and ran Eirin through with her sword, “Ugh!”

“Eirin-sama!”

“I’m… not through, Princess…” Eirin wraps her right arm around Kaguya, so she won’t get away, and she drops her bow so an arrow materializes in her left hand, which she rams through Kaguya’s throat.

“…” Kaguya’s eyes widen in pain as she dies.

“The rest… is up to you, Reisen…” With that, Eirin falls dead as well.

As Mokou is on the ground, writhing in pain, Reisen takes her handgun out of her holster again and a new ammo clip materializes in her hand, which she inserts into her weapon.

“…” Mokou tries to get up, but Reisen forces her down with her foot.

“It’s over! Time to get out of here, Mokou!” With those words, Reisen fires a few shots down into Mokou’s head.

A soothing noise fills the room after the gunshots. Reisen looks up and sees Yumei disappear from inside the sphere, “Yumei? Whatever. First I should worry about everyone else…” She looks at Kaguya’s body, and then Mokou’s, “It’s time…” She kneels down, pulls Mokou’s body onto her back, draging her toward where Kaguya and Eirin’s bodies are, blood dripping from Mokou’s head into Reisen’s hair. The moon rabbit rolls her eyes, “How bloody annoying,” rolling her eyes again at her bad attempt at humor. Having seen all three of them die and resurrect enough times, she know they will be okay. She grabs Eirin and Kaguya around their waists, and drags all three of them toward the portal, straining from everyone’s combined weight. Finally, she makes it out of the combined boundary of Reimu and Marisa’s subconscious.

==

I saw everything. As if I were a spirit or a deity, I watched the battle between Eirin and Reisen and Kaguya and Mokou. After Reisen dragged everyone into the portal, though, everything became black again. I really should be pissed off at Yukari, Eirin, and Reisen for pulling that cheap-ass stunt on Reimu and me, but they got everyone out of our heads, so I can’t complain. Besides, I have that embarrassing ‘bloody annoying’ line under my belt to use against Reisen, as I’m sure she thought she was alone when she said it. I guess all that’s left is to wake up.

No sooner do I think that, though, when Yumei appears before me again, “Hello Marisa! Did you enjoy the show? I know I did!”

“The only one that needed to survive survived, so I guess I can’t whine much. But more importantly, why are you still here, Yumei? Kaguya and Mokou are out now.”

Yumei says sarcastically, “What? You mean you don’t want to have one last private conversation with your good buddy, Yumei? Besides, I can leave whenever I want.”

“’Buddy.’ Riiiiight. You know, Yumei, before I was reunited with Reimu, I thought you were annoying, but okay, but now that I remember, I think you’re pretty damn shady. Can we trust you with reviving Gensokyo?”

Yumei laughs, “Hahahaha! I’m sure I’m shady and mysterious to a lot of you, and I know that Sakuya doesn’t like me, at least. You can think of me however you want, but I certainly will help with reviving Gensokyo when you and Reimu are awake. On that, you have my word.”

“Talk is cheap, you know.”

“Fine, how about we pinky swear on it? If I’m lying, I will eat a thousand needles, okay?” Yumei extends her pinky finger toward me.

I roll my eyes and walk toward Yumei, “If you are willing to go this far to prove that you are not lying, Yumei, I guess I’ll try to believe you. It’s not like we have another hope anyway.” Our pinkies interlock.

Yumei begins to vanish, “I will keep my promise, okay? Well then, I will see you on the other side. Sleep well until then, Marisa.”

“…”

==

Elsewhere, 238,403 miles away from Earth and across boundaries, there exists an advanced civilization that covers the entire surface of the moon. This civilization is known, and feared, by many of Earth’s different boundaries, as the Lunarian Empire, a superpower at constant war with one of Earth’s particular realms, and conquering other realms to increase its power, as on each full moon, Lunarian facilities can shift over boundaries. Gensokyo had been one of the Lunarians’ targets, though they couldn’t get an invasion underway before Reimu and Marisa’s awakening.

Tsuki no Miyako, capital of the Lunarian Empire…

While the moon is covered with various high-tech facilities, in the capital, one building stands out. It is bigger and taller than any other structure on the moon, but its design is even more unique, as it is ancient by comparison. It is made of wood, and there are no mechanical devices within it. It is an ancient Japanese-style castle, the home of Empress Lunariya Houraisan, the Lunarian Empire’s absolute ruler, and Kaguya’s mother.

Inside the castle, in one of the rooms, where the walls are covered with wallscrolls displaying martial arts fundamentals, two figures kneel on cushions in meditation.

One of the figures is a man, appearing to be in his early forties, though he is really much older. He has long silver hair braided at the end and a two-month-old moustache, wearing a green cloak over a white robe, and has two long swords sheathed at both of his hips. Nearby, a ghostly wisp floats near him.

The other figure is a girl, 20 years old in appearance, though once again, looks deceive, with long purple hair tied into a ponytail extending down to the backs of her knees. She wears a white shirt under a red vest, and baggy white pants with red flame-like designs at the edges of the legs, and has a katana sheathed at her right hip.

A door to the room slides open. The man opens his blue eyes slightly, and then says calmly, “Defend yourself, Meira.”

A figure enters the room and tosses a knife-like envelope opener at the girl, Meira, whose dark eyes burst open as she draws her sword and blocks the projectile with her weapon, then returns it to her sheathe.

The man stands up, “Wonderful work, Meira! I’ve taught you well!”

Meira also rises to her feet, saying, “Thank you, Master.”

The figure that tossed the knife comes into view, a girl with yellow eyes and short blonde hair, wearing a pink and blue maid outfit, “Um… Did I do okay, Master?”

“You did perfectly, Mugetu!” says the man with a cheery smile, “Do that every time you come to clean this room and we are present!”

“I… I’ll try…”

“Well, that concludes today’s training,” announces the man to Meira, “Do you want to come with me for a student and master drink?”

“I don’t drink,” states Meira flatly.

The man smiles awkwardly, “Oh, yes of course. I must be getting on in my years, even with all those mass-produced hourai elixirs.” He turns to the maid, “How about you, Mugetu? If you want, later I can buy dinner for just the two_”

“Stop flirting, Master. It’s embarrassing,” states Meira again.

The man shrugs, “Can’t blame a man for trying…”

“…” Mugetu stands in place, blushing and speechless.

The man says to the maid, “You can skip this room if you want. It’s not like Meira and I make a big mess of things, so you don’t have to clean it everyday.”

“Um… I understand. Thank you, Master.” With a bow, Mugetu leaves the room.

Despite the man’s unusual and carefree attitude, he is rumored by some in the empire to be even more powerful than the empress, though no one openly states it. Meira respects him greatly, though she occasionally gets humiliated by his tendencies.

The man says, “You’re a good student, Meira.”

“I am honored, Master” responds Meira with a bow.

The man explains, “I’ve only had two students. You are truly skilled and talented, though you have not yet surpassed my previous student.”

Meira’s face momentarily turns to that of dismay, but she quickly regains her composure, “How exactly am I inferior, Master?”

The man asks, “Meira, who do you dedicate your skills to?”

Meira unsheathes her sword and holds it in front of her, declaring, “Master! I swear by my sword that on my honor, I will serve Empress Lunariya, the immortal empress, and her great Lunarian Empire with the skills you have entrusted to me. I shall fight on their behalf to my final breath, risking great loss and torment. Of this, I vow.”

The man smiles, “Well spoken, Meira. That is the vow of a true warrior. You should be proud of such a quality.”

“I am honored, Master.”

The man turns to leave the room, “However, it is for that very reason that you will not surpass my former student.” With that, he leaves the room.

“…” Meira stands, frozen and dumbfounded.


Later, in a residential complex, not far from the castle, a girl with brown eyes and brown hair, tied into two braids, wearing a white dress, sits at a computer, rapidly typing in some notes for an assignment.

There is a sudden knock on the door. “Come in!” yells the girl.

Meira enters the room, “Hello, Rika.”

Rika responds, her eyes focused on her monitor, “Hi, Meira.”

“How are you doing?”

“We-well, I’m just about to finish my notes about Evil Eye Sigma’s specs. I-I haven’t been given any new scientific breakthrough notifications from Professor Yumemi, though, so once this is done, I’m… I’m looking at boredom…”

“Then perhaps I can provide you with something you may find… entertaining.”

“Wh-what would that be, Meira?”

“I understand that you are an accomplished hacker.”

“Wh-why yes, but why are you interested in that?”

“Everyone who joins the empire without being born into it is given a thorough background check. Rika, I want you to hack into the Lunarian Empire Database and get me whatever background information you can on Master.”

“You… you mean Master Konpaku?”

“Yes.”

“Wh-wh-why do y-you want me to do th-that, Meira?”

“Calm down. You stutter too much.”

Rika takes a deep breath, “You’ve always obeyed the law down to the letter. This isn’t like you at all.”

“There is something I must know.”

“Even so, Meira, I could get caught! The punishment for unlawful entry into private information is death for mortals and 500 years of imprisonment for immortals!”

Meira sighs, “If you are afraid of getting caught, then use my access code. It’s JI0I7D3R44UVCR. Good luck.”

“But what if I get caught?”

“Then don’t. If you do, I’ll save you a place in Hell, where we can have a long talk about your hacking abilities.”

“Meira…”

“I have absolute confidence in your skills. My life is in your hands.”

“O-okay…”

Meira walks out of the room, thinking, This is out of line for me, but I must prove myself to Master. On my honor, I will prove that I am superior to his old student by defeating him in combat! 
When time resumes, I am several miles ahead of the wave of darkness. Behind me, it doesn’t look as frightening as it did up close. It won’t catch up to me anytime soon and, as I’ve ascended these stairs quite a few times before, I should be pretty close to the gardens…

And I’m right! I reach Hakugyokurou in no more than 15 minutes after Sakuya’s spell ends. Before me, there is a massive sea of pink, with some brown and green. That’s always the most noticeable feature about Hakugyokurou: Its gardens. There are countless cherry blossom trees, the air and ground filled with pink petals. Among all that, there are ghosts, some as transparent beings, and others as wisps (I guess they choose what form they take). This is where people go and stay for one hundred some odd years after their lives end, before their final judgment of going to Heaven, Hell, or being reincarnated back into the cycle of life. As few people are pure enough to go to Heaven, or evil enough to go to Hell, reincarnation is the most common outcome, or so I’m told. Beyond the sea of trees, there is a large palace, which just has a traditional look to it, but nothing outstanding, other than its size. It’s where Yuyuko Saigyouji resides. Compared to Kaguya’s palace, Eientei, it has less height, but more width. Behind the palace, however, towering over it, there is a withered tree. I only saw it bloomed a couple times, and both times meant disaster for Gensokyo. The first time, Yuyuko, set up by Yukari, had Youmu steal spring essence to bloom it, but Reimu, Sakuya, and I stopped them. The second time, Yukari herself was stealing the essence, and almost succeeded, before she was convinced that what she was doing was wrong. That tree is the Saigyou Ayakashi, a tree that Yuyuko’s soul is confined to.

I fly over the gardens, headed in the general direction of the palace. Hopefully Yukari and Alice are over there. Along the way, I hear a familiar voice, yelling from behind, “Hey! You! Wait!”

I stop and turn, seeing Mima approach. I demand, “What? YOU? What do you want?

Mima says, “Don’t worry. I’m not going to try to kill you this time. In fact, I want to thank you.”

“For what?”

“You took the only people left over in Gensokyo to another realm, didn’t you? I didn’t sense anyone else after that. You completed my mission for me.”

I rub the back of my head at my unintended favor, “Um… you’re welcome…”

Mima looks around, “What happened to the others? Where is that girl in the maid outfit and that tomboyish one with the flames?”

“…” I explain what happened to Sakuya, Mokou, and the others.

“I see…” says Mima “… I didn’t think you’d return to Gensokyo. I should have stayed longer…”

“There’s nothing you could have done,” I tell Mima, “Everyone I was with when confronting Reimu was immortal. You couldn’t kill them in any permanent sense…”

Mima’s eyes turn to the side, “I see… It’s unfortunate… I don’t want to imagine what horrors they are facing right now…”

I declare, “Whatever they are, it won’t be for long. I intend to find Reimu and return Gensokyo to normal, getting them back too.”

Mima sighs, “I told you, what you are fighting for is a thought… but it’s none of my business anymore. Do what you must. I guess what you believe in is what matters…”

“…” Without a word, I nod and continue in the direction of the palace.

I land at a series of stone steps, with cherry blossom trees lined at the sides, leading up to the front door of the palace. At a small walkway at the top of one flight of stairs and at the bottom of another, I see Yukari standing in wait.

“You made it,” says Yukari “… Where are the others?”

“They didn’t make it…” I answer.

Yukari looks at the ground, “I see…”

I explain, “They were swallowed by the void. Reimu disappeared, saying that her awakening is only hours away. Might she have gone to the boundary between Dreams and Awakening?”

“Yes,” answers Yukari.

I say, “If I stop her, she may bring Gensokyo back… and it might revive around Sakuya, Kaguya, and Mokou. Please open it, Yukari.”

“Okay,” responds Yukari with a nod, “However, it’s a very restricted boundary and will take me some time to open. It will take me a little over an hour to do. Come back here by then.”

I’m a little irked that I’ll have to wait for Yukari when there is so little time remaining, but there’s nothing I can do to help it. I simply respond, “I understand, Yukari. Please hurry.” With that, I head out to the gardens, intending to come back in an hour.

Fatigued, both emotionally and physically from the battle and recent events, I find a tree in the garden to rest under. I look at the Netherworld residents wandering around, like they don’t have a care in the world… and they probably don’t. It looks nice… and it reminds me that so many people, who had disappeared in Gensokyo don’t even have that chance. Now the sense of urgency is more apparent than before. Compassion is not a particularly strong point of mine, but it’s depressing to think of what they’d miss out on.

“Marisa…” I turn in the direction of the voice that just called my name and see two girls.

The first one has red eyes and semi-long pink hair, wearing a blue and white kimono and hat, with a swirl-like insignia on it, and has a few small ghostly wisps circling her. She’s Yuyuko Saigyouji, the ghost princess of the Netherworld.

The other girl has blue eyes and semi-short platinum hair, who wears a green and white dress, and has two sheathed swords with her, and is accompanied by a large ghostly wisp. She’s Youmu Konpaku, Hakugyokurou’s gardener and Yuyuko’s sworn protector. She was the one who originally stole Gensokyo’s spring essence in order to bloom the Saigyou Ayakashi, and tried to stop Reimu, Sakuya, and me from reaching it, but at the same time, helped us to a small extent. Since then, she’s fought alongside us when Yukari stole spring, when Kaguya made a fake moon, when Mokou tried to erase the moon, and when Yuka covered Gensokyo with poisonous flowers. As one might guess, she’s handy with a sword and carries around the Roukanken and Hakurouken, two powerful blades. She also is capable of putting acute focus into her attack and the wisp with her is a part of her. She’s probably the fourth most important person in my life.

“Hey,” I greet half-heartedly, “How’s it going?”

“I’m fine,” answers Youmu.

Yuyuko says, cutting to the point, “I’m sorry about Gensokyo, Marisa, but are you really sure you want to go after Reimu?”

“Of course!” I answer, “She’s strong, but I’ll find a way.”

Yuyuko shakes her head, “It’s not that, Marisa.”

“Then what?” I ask.

Yuyuko explains, “Don’t take this defensively, Marisa, but Gensokyo’s creation was an accident. I heard about everything from Yukari before you arrived here.”

“’Accident?’” I ask.

“Gensokyo came into being because of injuries Reimu’s real self and yours received, putting you into deep sleeps, thus dreaming of Gensokyo, right?”

“Yeah. So what?”

“Neither of your true selves planned to create Gensokyo in the first place. It was all a result of an unfortunate circumstance. None of it was planned, and, even if you don’t feel that way, having no knowledge of your other self, Marisa, none of it was desired.”

Getting somewhat fed up by that revelation, I respond, “Whatever. Gensokyo was created, and I’m happy. I don’t want to go back to being ‘Marisa Starr,’ or whoever I am. As far as I’m concerned, I’m Marisa Kirisame, now, then, and forever.”

“Then what about Reimu Kiribayashi?”

“Huh? What about her?”

“Keeping her from awakening and reviving Gensokyo means taking away everything that poor sleeping girl has. Her future… her family…”

Yuyuko caught me off guard, but my concern for Sakuya, Kaguya, and Mokou outweighs whatever concern I have for our other selves, “Reimu was happy being here. I’m sure she will be.”

“That’s not what’s important.”

I’m starting to get angry. I have a chance to get back everyone I lost, and now, someone is trying to talk me out of it. I sort of understand what Yuyuko is talking about, but I’ve made up my mind, “Then what the hell do you want me to do, huh? Abandon Gensokyo? Sakuya, Kaguya, and Mokou are stuck in the void that remains of it! It’s because of Gensokyo that Yukari exists. Hell, it’s because of Gensokyo that YOU… Yuko existed!”

Yuyuko’s eyes turn to the side, “Well… that is true. I’m not saying that I like the idea of its disappearance, but it’s something that has to happen. It was only a dream, and it has to end…”

I look away from Yuyuko, “Think of it however the hell you want. It’s my reality and I’m not giving it up.”

“I see…” Yuyuko walks away.

“…” Youmu gives me a somewhat sympathetic look, and then follows her mistress.

Maybe I am being selfish. I don’t know what Reimu’s other life is like. Hell, I don’t even know about my own. But the way we were in Gensokyo, we had done so much, made so many friends, and have been very happy. No matter what it really was, they were good times and precious memories. If Reimu wakes up, and in turn, me, I will lose all those memories and what I know about myself now. It would have been a fleeting dream… and I don’t want all of our experiences to be reduced to something like that! It’s too precious to just let go of…

Several minutes pass as I try to rest a little. I suddenly hear another voice, which is deeper than Yuyuko’s and has a slight accent, “Marisa Kirisame. Are you truly sure you want to go through with the sin you’ve chosen?” Fuck… Just who I need right now… I look up at who’s talking: A girl with blue eyes and semi-long green hair, wearing a blue and black dress with gold highlights, and a blue hat with white ribbons and a gold emblem in the front. She’s Sikieiki Yamaxanadu, the Yama of Gensokyo, who judges the souls of the dead, after their ‘waiting period’ in the Netherworld, and decides whether salvation, damnation, or reincarnation awaits them. I guess she doesn’t like damning people or reincarnating them, because whenever she has the time, she lectures people about their sins, usually to the point where they break down and start crying. All in all, I dislike being spoken to by her.

I sigh and ask, “I’m just going to bring Reimu back, get Gensokyo back, and save everyone. How the hell is that a sin?”

Sikieiki answers, “In doing so, Marisa, you are going to take the life away from Reimu’s true self in another realm, Reimu Kiribayashi.” Shit! Not this again… “The actions you currently intend on are on the same level of sinfulness as that of murder. Kiribayashi wasn’t prepared to have her life changed in such a way and it’s only right she continues with what she was naturally born with, not an artificial existence within her mind. Mankind shouldn’t be allowed to rely on something so perfect in any permanent sense. If you deny Kiribayashi of her real self, you will most certainly fall into Hell. Please reconsider before it’s too late, Marisa Kirisame. Now listen closely, for the first instant of the sin before you occurred over a thousand years ago, when…”

Dammit, if I let her continue, she’ll go on for hours! I cut in, “Okay! Okay! I get it! Just shut up already! I still refuse to atone. Besides, you were still gonna send me to Hell without this, right?”

Sikieiki flinches, but then calmly responds, “That is correct, Marisa, and that’s all the more reason for Reimu to wake up, as you will be Marisa Starr again, who has a mostly clean slate.”

I hold out my hand in front of me, “Hold on! Let me get this straight: Are you saying you would judge me on whomever I am when I die?”

Sikieiki responds, “Marisa, all living things are complex. You are a persona of Marisa Starr, existing within a dream world, yet you have dreams as you are right now, am I correct?”

Sikieiki brought up an interesting point. Even if I am a dream, I have dreams, “Ye-yeah…”

“Every living thing has endless depth… multiple souls. It’s the soul that’s alive that faces judgment, while all the others are permanently dormant. Thus, it to one’s best advantage to exist within the best soul they have when judgment comes.”

“I understand, Sikieiki. But I refuse to abandon those who got trapped in the leftover void.”

“So be it,” says Sikieiki, “You got my warning. It’s your choice whether or not you choose to heed it.” She starts to walk away.

“Sikieiki,” I call out.

Sikieiki pauses, “What is it?”

“You are the Yama for Gensokyo, but without Gensokyo, what is gonna happen to you?”

Sikieiki answers, sounding a little saddened, “I’ll be assigned to a new realm. So will Komachi…” Komachi is a shinigami, who harvests the souls from Gensokyo and sends them to the Netherworld. She’s not a very diligent worker, but she somehow manages to get her job done.

“I see. Would you rather Gensokyo remain, then?”

“To tell you the personal truth, yes…” It’s rare that Sikieiki actually talks about herself “… but from a moral standpoint, I’m asking you to do the right thing. Gensokyo was never meant to last, so let the cycle of dreams naturally take its course. I can handle whatever changes my job provides…” With that, Sikieiki takes to the air and leaves. Everyone is against me. First Yuyuko, and now Sikieiki. Also, I remember Yukari acting strangely in the idea of preventing Reimu’s awakening as well, but she’s gone along with it. What is bothering her?

A few more minutes pass. Eventually, I get a third visitor. Alice walks up to me, “Marisa… you made it. I’m so glad!”

I turn my eyes to the side, “Yeah… Unfortunately, Sakuya, Kaguya, and Mokou didn’t…”

Alice closes her eyes, “I’m sorry…”

“It’s no problem. All I gotta do is stop Reimu, right? That might work…”

“Perhaps…”

There is a long pause between us. Alice sits down next to me and we watch the cherry blossoms fall from the tree branches above us, looking out at the bright and beautiful landscape. It’s hard to believe we were in the nightmarish remains of Gensokyo not too long ago.

Alice asks, “Marisa, is it true that none of us… except for Sakuya, Mokou, Kaguya, Eirin, Reisen… and you, actually exist?”

I answer, “Well, you are a part of Reimu’s dream. Basically characters in a mental world… but I don’t think of you that way. Gensokyo was a realm in itself, right? There must be some degree of realism, if that’s the case. Besides, Yuyuko was born of Gensokyo, and she came here, not to mention, Gensokyo had a Yama and shinigami assigned to it, so you obviously have spirits, souls, and afterlives too. Right now, you may be seen as figments in Gensokyo, but you are real anyplace else…”

“I see,” says Alice, “I just refuse to accept everything that I am to be a fantasy. I feel things. I cry, I laugh, I feel happy, I feel pain…” Shanghai, possibly responding to Alice’s will, pricks a small needle into Alice’s finger. A drop of blood trickles down her hand, “My heart pumps blood, I breath when I need air, I blink when my eyes need to be moist, I yawn and sleep when I feel tired, I scratch when I have an itch. I may not be you, Marisa, but you are ‘real,’ so do you feel all those things?”

“Everything you said,” I respond, “You and everyone else is real to me. Even if it is a dream, it’s too realistic to be thought of as fantasy. If you simply came off as mere thoughts, I don’t think I’d care for you as much as I do. No matter what others say, you exist. You and the others are real breathing people. You shouldn’t consider yourself to be anything other than that.”

I reach out and gently grab Alice’s hand. She blushes slightly, “M-Marisa…”

“I can touch you. That can’t be done with something that doesn’t exist. It isn’t the nature of your origins that’s important. It’s what you believe in. That’s what I’ve learned from this. Even if Gensokyo is a dream, I, myself, can’t accept it as anything other than a reality, so it, and everyone in it, are real to me... and should be to you too.”

“Marisa…” Suddenly, before I could predict what is going to happen next, Alice moves in front of me, presses her lips against mine, then pulls away a split second later.

I was caught by surprise, “Um… Alice?”

Alice gets up to her feet and says, trying to hide her embarrassment, “I just… wanted to… confirm our existence… Thank you, Marisa.” With that, Alice frantically runs away. What the hell? Well THAT certainly felt real. It's hard to believe people like her are thought of as inexistant beings by Reimu and Mima...

A few more minutes pass. At this point, I guess I should go back to Yukari, see if she has that portal open, and go finish this! I hop on my broom and fly toward the walkway leading up to the palace at a low altitude, but fast pace.

Suddenly, I hear a familiar voice declaring, “Celestial Star Sword: Silent Nirvana!” I can’t see her from beyond several cherry blossom trees, but the voice and spell card name indicates that it’s Youmu. Several blasts of white spirit energy, resembling small meteors, fly toward me. I take evasive action, performing numerous barrel rolls, dodging through the storm and continuing forward… at least until the next declaration, “Human Era Sword: Approaching Disillusion!” A silver and green streak dashes by, several feet in front of me, followed by a fissure in the ground, which geysers silver spirit energy out of it. I come to a sudden stop and fall to the ground. The geyser subsides and Youmu stands at the other side of the fissure, with both the Roukanken and Hakurouken drawn.

I get to my feet, demanding, “What the hell are you doing, Youmu? Get out of my way!”

Youmu says, “I’m sorry, Marisa. I was ordered by Yuyuko-sama to keep you from reaching Yukari’s portal. She wants Reimu to wake up, and it’s my duty to honor her wishes.”

“I understand where she’s coming from,” I say, “but I intend to keep Reimu from awakening! Time’s running out, so step aside!”

“Only if you defeat me in this duel,” responds Youmu, striking a ‘ready’ stance.

Youmu and I are friends, but when it comes down to it, her orders from Yuyuko get first priority. When spring was stolen, I fought Youmu, and she’s pretty tough, but I’m more familiar with her capabilities by this point, and I’m more powerful than I was back then.

I draw a spell card, “Light Sign: Earth Light Ray!” A magic circle appears under Youmu. However, she notices and leaps back as a laser shoots out of it. More magic circles appear, but she dodges each of the attacks. I prepare another spell card, “Magic Sign: Milky Way!” I extend my arm toward Youmu and fire out a focused flurry of star-shaped blasts of magic, which she manages to defend against by deflecting them with her two swords. Eventually, however, one of my blasts manages to get past Youmu defenses and strikes her in the face.

“AHHHHH!” Youmu puts her arms over her eyes and staggers backward, as her ghost-half blindly fires out numerous shots of spirit energy, which I dodge by jumping to the side as I approach.

I jump over the fissure and draw one last spell card, “Love Sign!” It’s for Master Spark, but I decide to use a little trick I recently taught myself. Instead of firing my laser, I focus the spell’s energy into my right hand and deliver a powered-up punch to the stunned Youmu’s gut. It’s the spell I have the most control over, so it’s the only one with which I can perform it. It rarely comes in handy, but at least it saves quite a bit of energy.

“ACK! Mar… i… sa…” Youmu doubles over, coughing out blood.

With no more use for my latest spell card, I yell, “Disengage!” The energy inside me returns to its card form. I walk past Youmu and say, “Sorry about that, Youmu. I hope we’re still friends after this…” I hop on my broom and fly ahead to the walkway. Damn! Yuyuko sure is serious about Kiribayashi’s awakening if she sent Youmu to stop me…

I arrive at the spot where Yukari was, but there is only a black portal. Yukari isn’t around anywhere. Oh well, at least it’s open. Time to find Reimu and put an end to this! I jump into the portal.

On the other side, it is… dark. The bright stars above make the area visible, though. I’m flying above a sea of clouds, though the air feels normal. A few dead trees poke up from under the clouds. A fairly depressing place, though the sky is beautiful. So this is Reimu’s boundary between Dream and Awakening, huh? At any rate, Reimu must be around here somewhere…

I fly ahead in search of Reimu, “Reimu! Where are you?”

A familiar voice, belonging to Yukari, says, “She’s up ahead…”

Another voice, belonging to Yuyuko adds, “… however, we won’t let you get that far…”

From above, Yukari and Yuyuko descend.

“What are you two doing?” I ask.

Yukari says, “I’m sorry, Marisa… but we’re going to try to stop you right here.”

“You too, Yukari? Just what the hell’s going on?” I demand.

Yukari answers, “I didn’t tell you before, but there was something I witnessed after confirming the coming awakening of Kiribayashi: Hiding inside one of my portals, keeping a miniscule rip open, I heard one of the doctors talking to her parents. They were tearful and relieved to know that their daughter was going to be with them again. It was… heartwarming… and it seems cruel to let you take her away from them! On the other hand, Gensokyo is my home and I want it back. Of course, I can’t have both. It’s one or the other. I want you to fail, but I want you to succeed. That’s my conflict, Marisa. Here’s the deal, Yuyuko and I will try to stop you. If you can get past us, we’ll leave you alone. You can go ahead and perform your business with Reimu.”

“There’s one other thing,” adds Yuyuko.

“What?”

Yukari answers, “See how it’s night here? Well, the sunrise of this boundary is also the sunrise of Reimu’s life, and yours. You need to stop her before dawn arrives.”

I grab the shaft of my broom tightly, “Damn it!”

Yukari spreads her arms, challenging me, “So come on, Marisa! Give us all you got!”

Shit! Looks like I gotta get them out of my way before I can go ahead to Reimu. What a pain in the ass this is gonna be!

Yuyuko extends her arm in my direction and fires a white laser of spiritual energy, which closes in on me fast, but I fly to the side at the last second and it grazes my arm.

I’m under a freakin’ time limit and these two are in my way. It may affect my chances against Reimu slightly, but at least I should get to her. Not intending to pull any punches, I draw a spell card right away, “Black Magic: Event Horizon!” Magic circles appear around me, and then spread out, spraying star-shaped blast of magic everywhere.

Yuyuko reacts to my attack by materializing a circular formation of butterflies, made from her spirit energy, in front of her, with an invisible barrier in the middle, acting as a shield to defend herself against my attack, while Yukari enters a portal, getting out of the way of my spell. Yukari will probably use this chance to reappear nearby, catching me off-guard, but since I’m predicting that, I’m already a step ahead of her. I quickly whirl around, just in time to see her emerge from her portal, with a stunned expression.

“’Know thy enemy,’ Yukari!” I fly at Yukari and unleash a sharp kick, sending her rocketing into the swarm of stars my spell created. At the same time, Yuyuko’s defenses became overwhelmed by the numerous blasts and, her shield broken, she gets hit by numerous stars as well. “I’m not screwing around,” I growl, “Get the hell outta my way before I use something that will REALLY leave a mark!” The effects of my spell end.

Yukari dusts herself off, “I’d like to, Marisa, but I honestly don’t know what’s right at this point. If you believe preventing Reimu’s awakening is the right thing, then prove your resolve here and now. Convince me, Marisa!” Yukari declares a spell card, “Bounded Field: Mesh of Light and Darkness!” Several portals open around Yukari and fire lasers. I take evasive action and fly as the storm of lasers follows behind me, occasionally grazing the bristles of my broom.

Meanwhile, Yuyuko, obviously planning to aid Yukari, readies a spell card of her own, “Ghostly Elegance!” Energy flows into Yuyuko’s body and a large purple ‘fan’ opens behind her, “Fatal Light Trap!” A massive swarm of butterflies flies out of the fan, with no distinguishable point of origin, in edition to red blasts of energy. This had just become much busier, as I dodge around Yuyuko’s butterflies and blasts, while still staying ahead of Yukari’s lasers, a few of both attacks nicking me, gradually wearing me down.

Shit! I need to get these two bitches outta my way, while still having enough energy to confront Reimu with. Of course, Yuyuko and Yukari are no pushovers themselves, and I need a degree of potential to take care of them. This situation is really bad. If this gets me, there will be no confronting Reimu, however. With some reluctance, I draw another spell card, intending to use one of my more energy-costly spells, “Loving Heart!” Golden energy gathers into both of my arms. I’m intending to use Double Spark, which allows me to fire off two Master Spark-level beams. Concerned with getting past Yukari and Yuyuko as soon as possible, I fly straight toward Yuyuko, barrel-rolling around her butterflies. However, she fires a large ball of energy at me, which slams into me head on, shaking me quite a bit. Damn! Must stay… focused! I barely manage to maintain control over my spell, as I get very close to the ghost princess and extend my left arm, firing my first laser.

“EEK!” Yuyuko lets out a cute scream as my spell slams into her, breaking her focus on her spell card. I start to inch in Yukari’s direction. I have my broom catapult me upward, above Yukari and I aim my right arm down at her.

“Double Spark!” I fire my second laser. However, Yukari has her lasers merge, forming a giant laser, rivaling the size and power of my own. Our spells clash and try to overpower one another. Luckily, my spell has the advantage, being fired off first, but, unlike me, Yukari has nothing to lose by focusing more of her power into hers… and she knows it.

“Hmhmhm…” Yukari chuckles as she boosts the power of her spell, which quickly starts to overpower mine.

“I’ll help, Yukari!” Yuyuko, who recovered from my last attack, decides to back Yukari up again, and fires a thin white laser at me.

Tch. I weaken and store the flow of my spell and dive down the side of Yukari’s laser, narrowly dodging Yuyuko’s attack. I fall down and past Yukari, landing on my broom, which swooped down and direct my arm up at her, as she notices and gasps. I shoot off the final burst of my spell at the now-vulnerable boundary youkai. “UGH!” Yukari staggers as her spell breaks.

“Yukari!” yells Yuyuko.

Yukari recovers, “That… was pretty good, Marisa… … … … Just maybe…”

Yuyuko interrupts, “Yukari, shall we use THAT?”

I ask, “What the hell is ‘THAT?’”

Yuyuko draws a spell card. Yukari shrugs, enters a portal and emerges next to Yuyuko, and then draws one too. At the same time, they declare, “Fantasy!”

“Huh?” I move backward a few feet. A combined spell? Between those two? The only instance of something like that I’ve only HEARD about was some of the techniques the Prismriver Sisters, three poltergeist musicians serving Yuyuko. Reimu fought them during the winter incident. Looks like I’m about to witness something of a similar nature.

Several ghostly wisps appear in front of Yuyuko and several of Yukari’s portals open all over the general area. They then declare, “Beauties of Nature!” Yuyuko’s wisps fires off a number of pink lasers, similar to the spell card Yukari previously used, only with less frequency and fewer sources, and sward of butterflies fly continuously out of Yukari’s portal. I move to avoid the lasers, but the butterflies are obstructing my view! I can’t even see the ghost and youkai anymore, there are so many! Shit! My back’s against the wall! I fire several blast of magic, but the cloud of butterflies is so dense, I don’t even know if Yukari is in my line of fire. I can tell Yuyuko’s location by the lasers shooting out. I’m no longer being aimed at, which means she can’t see me either, and she’s now firing her beams at random, but regardless, the butterflies break up my shots. The cloud expands, with me on the outside, being forced back, as the swarm will cut me to shreds if I get caught up in it.

Out loud, I express my bitter dismay, “Dammit! DAMMIT!” I reach into my pocket and pull out a spell card crumpled in my fist. I was going for potency, but still holding back enough for Reimu, but now I’m forced into a tight situation. Time to friggin’ end this! Reimu will no doubt have a major advantage over me, but at least I can face her! “Comet!” A transparent blue barrier surrounds me. “BLAZING STAR!” Focusing more energy into my spell than usual, I fly into the cloud at a blinding speed. My barrier protects me from the butterflies and lasers, though it gradually wears down. I zero in on where I know Yuyuko is. I break through the other end of the cloud and zoom toward the shocked Yuyuko, as Yukari watches on, equally surprised. “DAMN YOU!” I break into a series of barrel rolls, giving the shaft of my broom a ‘drill’ effect, and slam into the ghost princess, broom shaft first. White smoke pours out of her, the ghostly equivalent to blood, and behind me, the cloud instantly vanishes, indicating that the spell broke. Yuyuko falls, unconscious. Yukari emerges from a portal, catching her fallen friend.

Yukari says, “You win, Marisa. Go ahead and decide Gensokyo’s fate with Reimu.”

Breathing fast, I say, “It’s rather… obvious who has… the advantage now…”

Yukari give me an unsure smile, “Well… you’ll think of something. If the sun rises, you two wake up and Gensokyo completely fades into nonexistence. If you convince Reimu to not wake up, or knock her out and bring her back, you stay in this dram realm, and hopefully, continue your lives as you know it.”

“We’ll… see… When is… the sun supposed to rise?”

Yukari says, “Don’t know. Could be anytime. Well, I’ll bring Yuyuko back home, and then… watch you two or something. Have fun! Fufufu~” With her trademark giggle, Yukari disappears into a portal.

Fuck. The odds are stacked against me now. I fly ahead. Gradually, my breathing regulates, but I’m still significantly worn down from the battle. I take a couple deep breaths, then yell, “SHOW YOURSELF, REIMU!” My words echo for what seems like endlessly.

Suddenly, red mist, resembling what Remilia covered Gensokyo with, fills the air. Above, a pink incomplete moon, resembling the fake Kaguya used to control Gensokyo appears. Apparently, it has the same effects, but I’m resistant to the mind control. White flowers, unbloomed suzuran to be exact, grow on the previously dead trees, resembling Yuka’s previous actions. In the distance, to my left, the Mountain of Faith appears. To my distant right, a fully bloomed Saigyou Ayakashi appears. All around, various other sights, reminding me of former crisis’ Gensokyo faced, materialize. Reimu appears, the lunatic moon appearing to emphasize her presence, “Isn’t it nostalgic, Marisa?”

“Reimu!”

“Our dream is almost over. Soon, we will return to our everyday lives. For now, however, let us reminisce on our adventures together.” 
Spring Break is right around the corner, and it’s a good thing too, because I don’t know how long I’m going to be on the other side of the world. Of course, I tell my mom that I’m going on a camping trip with Alice and Cirno, which she was all too happy to hear about. You see, before coming to my new school, I didn’t have a lot of friends, so when Alice and Cirno came into the picture, my mom was overjoyed that I finally have someone to hang out with. I feel bad about lying to her, but I think she’d probably freak if she found out I was attacked by a vampire… and that’s IF she believes me, which she won’t, but no matter how she looks at it, a trip to Japan is not bullshit, so she’d likely get on my case if she knew. Sorry, mom.

I’ve never left this country… at least not in a way I remember, so being able to experience a whole new culture sounds both intimidating and exciting. Of course, Spring Break isn’t here yet, and when you are anticipating something, days go by much more slowly.

Finally, after a couple slow weeks, it’s Friday, with the weekend coming up, followed by Spring Break! Tomorrow is the big day! For now, though, I’m at school, and at the lunch table with Alice and Cirno once again. After another small lunch, Alice beats me again in a swift and sound game of chess.

“Checkmate.”

“Dammit!”

As Alice picks up the chess set, Cirno mentions, “Um… Maybe you should have moved that horse-piece instead of that castle-piece?”

“What good would that have done?” ask me and Alice at the same time.

“I dunno,” says Cirno with a shrug.

After a few minutes, I ask, “Hey… what was I like in Gensokyo? Was I any different than I am now?”

Alice says, “As Marisa Kirisame, you were quite into books. So much so, that you constantly raided Gensokyo’s largest archive.”

“Really?” Seriously, I can’t picture myself doing that. I don’t even read that much…

“Really.”

“So I was a bookworm? Did I know all kinds of stuff? A walking, talking encyclopedia?”

“You absolutely weren’t,” answers Alice, “You were only interested in books about magic, and I occasionally saw books laying around your home about staff fighting. In other words, anything that could make you more powerful. Despite what that tendency may imply, you were a seeker of strength.”

“Wow!”

“Other than that area, Marisa, your intelligence was pretty average. You acted pretty much the same way you do now. You had a rivalry going with Reimu since your childhood, and you were often the one left behind.”

“I see…” I think of another aspect within the topic at hand, “Did I have a lot of friends?”

Alice hesitates a little, “Not for a while… Reimu was your only friend for most of your life. When you were little, you wanted to be friends with me, but at the time, I didn’t want anything to do with anyone, other than my dolls. It took me some time to realize that I really did care. Ultimately, though, we did become friends, and went on a number of journeys together. You accompanied Reimu on a number of quests, and who were once your enemies became acquaintances to you, like Cirno here.”

“Mm hm!” responds Cirno with a jolly smile.

“You didn’t really have a lot of people you had a particularly strong friendship with, outside of mere acquaintanceship. Just four, to the best of my knowledge: Reimu, of course, me, though what we used to have was a love-hate rivalry, Sakuya, who was a maid of one of your earliest adversaries, and another girl named Youmu Konpaku, who, like Sakuya, was a servant of a former enemy.”

I lean over the edge of the table, saying softly and dreamily, “I see… Sounds nice…”

Cirno glances at me. I guess it’s so obvious that I was deeply touched that even she can tell, “Marisa?”

Alice also looks curious, so I figured I might as well tell them, “I’m no good with people. I know I can be a hardass sometimes, and I hardly ever pick the most peaceful solution to a problem, but I never could help it. It was like a part of who I am… and I never could fit in because of it…”

“Marisa…” says Alice.

“Thanks to my personality and other things, no one wanted me close to them. It’s been that way all my life. I know I’ve had trouble expressing it, but I was touched to know that you two wanted to be my friends. It seems I didn’t have a lot of friends in my other life, according to you, but even with just a few… it sounds great. I… want to know what it was like. Maybe I will if I meet that Reimu and regain my memories like I was told…”

Cirno looks at me sympathetically, “You didn’t have any friends before coming to Gensokyo?”

“No. I wonder… if I was a happier person in that life than I am here…”

“I think you were,” says Alice, “You’ve always been rough around the edges, whether it were here or there, but even if you never showed it, I’m sure you were happy whenever we were together, no matter what happened.”

“Alice, you said you used to not have any friends?”

“Yes…”

“I guess we’re pretty much the same, then. Friendship is not a concept that comes easily to us, and it’s the most valuable thing we can have.”

“I guess…”

Cirno changes the subject, “Well, tomorrow we go to Japan!”

I say to Alice, “You said someone can get us there instantly? How is that possible?”

“You’ll see, Marisa. She is capable of much more than that.” Dammit, Alice! Stop beating around the bush!


Well, it’s nighttime. When I wake up, the big day will arrive! As with times of anticipation, it takes me awhile to get to sleep, but it eventually does happen.

…

I find myself in a classroom; a kindergarten classroom to be exact. The walls are painted a bright yellow, the alphabet is lined up just below the ceiling, there a few desks and some juvenile toys laying around, and most of the floor is covered with a carpet with a picture of a simplified map of the US of A, which I happen to be sitting on… as a high-schooler… in my nightclothes. Right in front of me, Yumei is sitting on a chair with a hard-cover book in her hand, “Good morning, class (‘class’ being just me). Today I’m going to read you a story.”

I roll my eyes, “Did you really have to go for this set-up?”

Yumei says smugly, “You’re the one who’s dreaming it, not me, so you only have yourself to blame. Anyways, ‘class,’ I’m going to read an ages-old oriental classic known as the Tale of the Bamboo Cutter.”

“I know this story,” I say, “I was told it in 8th grade lit.”

“Well now, you are going to hear it again.”

“Whatever.”

“AHEM!” Yumei clears her throat, “Once upon a time, in a bamboo forest, lived a bamboo cutter and his wife. They were poor and weren’t blessed with children… or cursed. They probably didn’t know how good they had it…” Okay… Yumei is looking in her book, but it’s obvious she’s telling this story in her own words “… ANYways, one day, the cutter found this teenage girl named Kaguya Houraisan lying unconscious in the forest, so he brought her home…”

I raise my hand, “Um… wasn’t Kaguya an infant at that time…? And I don’t think she had a last name.”

“Shut up and let me tell the fucking story.”

“…”

“She was brought home and she said she didn’t have any parents, so she became their daughter, and the three of them lived happily. Apparently, people thought she was super-hot and, eventually, five young nobles wanted to marry her. Well, she wasn’t ready for marriage… or didn’t WANT to, and decide to have them prove their worth by giving them requests; IMPOSSIBLE requests. They were all asked to find and bring back a bunch of shit that didn’t exist. Some of them knew damn well that the items in question were nonsense, and tried to forge bogus replicas, trying to pass them off as the real thing. Kaguya didn’t fall for it. One of them made an honest effort and traveled to a faraway land, where he lost his life. Nice guys finish last, it seems. To sum it up, they fucked up. Moving on, Kaguya turns out to be the princess of them moon, and she was exiled for drinking an immortality elixir, thus she didn’t age at all while her foster folks withered more and more. Finally, for some reason, they, the moon that is, wanted her back and sent some emissaries down to pick her up. She loved her home, so much though, that she didn’t want to go back…”

I cut in, “She was taken back anyway and the emperor was given the immortality elixir, which he burned, right?”

“WRONG! I’m continuing into Tale of the Bamboo Cutter: Based on a True Story.”

“What the hell?”

“She wasn’t taken back to the moon. One of the emissaries, an old friend of hers, named Eirin Yagokoro, honored her wishes and killed the others.”

“Eh?”

“However, the other Lunarians… or moon people if you will, got wind of this and went to hunt them down. They ran away and made it to another world, where they hid. Kaguya loved this new world very much. However, the moon’s forces wanted to invade it, so she trie to counter it, but to no avail. Luckily, they never came before the dreamers responsible for the new world woke up, and our poor heroine got stuck inside the cranium of one of them… Now, Marisa, the legend continues, and YOU determine the fate of Kaguya!”

I get it, “That world was Gensokyo, wasn’t it?”

“Correct. It was thanks to your dream, that this old story got its alternate ending. You’re indirectly responsible for altering a story passed down through generations. Good job.”

“Well… um… wow!” Really, this information has me speechless. I had learned before that the history of the dream world extended back alongside the histories of other realms, but Yumei’s words put a new type of significance on it. My dream had that much power? Enough to change history?

Yumei slams the book shut, “Well, I just thought I’d let you know about that. In a couple days, you will help in freeing Kaguya, and in turn, me.”

I rise to my feet, “Then you will help bring back Gensokyo back, right?”

Yumei smiles, almost menacingly, “Absolutely.”

“Hey… might I… be able to live in it?”

“If you want to. It’s your choice. It will be my reward to you for helping free me.”

“Okay! Hey Yumei?”

“What?”

“Thank you. I don’t say this often, but thanks to you, I’ve been able to recall a few things about a past I’ve forgotten and have grown closer to my… friends.”

“It’s not a problem, Marisa. I want to help you so you can help me. A new day is about to begin and, if you want to be dramatic about it, your… no… OUR destiny awaits…” The classroom starts to fade around us, “Class dismissed!”

…

I wake up with my encounter with Yumei clear in the back of my mind. I look around my room to the window and see daylight shining in. I look at a clock on the wall, which says it is 9:45AM. No sooner do I notice that when I hear my mom calling up from downstairs, “Marisa! Are you up? Alice and Cirno are here!”

“Y-yeah… Just give me a few! I’ll be right down!” I leap from bed, only feeling half like shit from waking up after only about five hours of genuine sleep. I change out of my PJs and into a plain yellow long sleeved t-shirt, blue jeans, and white sneakers, give my hair a quick brushing, then thunder downstairs, where my mom is waiting in the living room with Alice and Cirno.

“Good morning!” greets my friends at the same time.

Mom holds up a plate with a couple pancakes, “I made some breakfast for your friends. Would you like some before your big day?”

“No need to ask.” I accept breakfast and am left in the living room with my friends.

“So… what are we going to do now?” I ask before I take a bite from one of my patties.

Alice answers, “Our friend is going to come here shortly and pick us up. From there… you’ll see!” Shit. Alice seems to enjoy provoking my curiosity. Well, when I meet this Reimu chick and supposedly remember everything, there will probably be little left to shock me about, so I guess I can’t complain much about a few extra surprises…

I finish eating my breakfast and ask, “What is Reimu like exactly?”

Alice answers, “She’s usually a pleasant person, but she’s pretty laid-back, though she is excitable. She’s the kind of person who is quick to forgive, probably because it’s simply unpleasant to be always harboring a grudge… though there has been one exception to that, but that’s generally how she is…”

“I see. She sounds nice.”

“You’ll see her yourself soon enough.”

Just as Alice speaks, however, the doorbell rings. “Could it be her?” asks Cirno.

We get up, but before we reach the door, my mom answers it. We hear a female voice, not belonging to Sakuya, who I was expecting, ask, “Hello, might this be the Starr residence?”

“… … Um… It is.” Huh? It’s not like mom to make such a hesitant greeting…

“I have come to pick up Marisa, Alice, and Cirno for their… camping trip.”

We reach the door. Standing on the front mat is a girl who totally stands out! Besides having purple eyes, saying her hair is blonde would be an understatement! It’s outright golden! Her clothes are even more surprising! It’s a dress, which looks like its maker couldn’t decide whether it should be Chinese-style or European-style, so she went for both. It has a purple strip down the front, with some vague oriental designs, but the rest of it is white and many layers of frilly edges. All in all, she’s an outrageous sight. No wonder my mom hesitated when she greeted our ‘guest.’

“I see. I… like your clothes. They’re so… unique. May I ask who you are?”

The weird girl glances toward Alice, “I’m Alice’s Aunt Yukari. Isn’t that right, my dearest niece?” ‘Yukari’ reaches over and playfully runs her hand through Alice’s hair. Judging by her reaction, Alice is less than happy.

“Er… Yes.”

Yukari says, “We have all the camping supplies we need in my car, so you don’t need to worry.” She points toward a car parked along the side of the road: A red convertible that looks like it’s fresh out of the car dealership. Overall, it’s a damn nice car and I’m surprised. Judging by Alice and Cirno’s reactions upon seeing it, I’m not alone on this. “Well, we shall be off!”

“Okay,” says mom, “Have fun on your camping trip!”

“Will do!” respond me, Alice, and Cirno in unison.

Yukari walks in the direction of the car. Alice notices this too and mutters, only I nearby am able to hear it, “Is she seriously…?”

Well, Alice’s inquiry is answered as Yukari open the driver’s door and scoots behind the wheel, “Hop in!”

“Okay!” Cirno runs ahead of Alice and me, and around to the other side of the car so she can claim the front passenger’s seat, not that I care. Alice and I just walk over and get in the back and we all buckle our seat belts.

Yukari inserts the key into the ignition and starts the car, “Well, let us be off!”

“Goodbye, Marisa!” calls out mom.

I hold up my hand and wave goodbye, “Goodbye, m_” I’m cut off by a sudden burst of G-force pressing me back against my seat. Along with squealing tires, the car takes off with a blast of speed.

I only catch a momentary glimpse of my mom’s shocked expression before all the other houses in the neighborhood start to blur by. Yukari makes a violent turn off my street and onto the main road, saying, “It’s nice to see you again, Marisa. You have a good mother.”

“Whatever! Why are you driving like this?”

“I always wanted to drive one of these. I know it’s my first time, but you don’t need to be like that.”

“Just open a gap!” yells Alice, “It’s faster!”

“And boring. First, we are going to pick up Sakuya, and then we will make a brief detour before heading to Japan.”

Not a lot of traffic comes through this part of town, so there aren’t a lot of cars. However, it isn’t long before Yukari heads onto the highway. She dodges around a car, and ends up in the left lane, where the opposing traffic approaches. “Yukari, or whatever your name is, you can’t be on this side!”

Yukari calmly asks, looking back toward me, “Really? It’s quite the opposite in Japan.”

“It’s different in this country… AND DON’T LOOK AT ME! WATCH THE ROAD!”

Cirno screams, “AHHHHHHH! INCOMING!” Right ahead of us, there is a large truck approaching. We’re going too fast and that truck is too big to corner worth a shit! No way around it, we’re going to crash! The truck’s driver honks repeatedly.

“We’re gonna die!” I yell. My body is shaking, my stomach feels weird, my heart is racing, and I’m tense all over!

Suddenly, Yukari holds her hand in front of her and a large purple ‘hole’ opens right in front of us. We drive in, and in the next instant, we’re driving on the highway again, no trucks, alive and well. I look around, and behind us, there is that truck getting smaller and smaller.

I ask the very words that are on my mind, “What the hell was THAT?” Seriously, it’s like there was some kind of rip that suddenly appeared in the time-space in front of us. A two-dimensional hole!

“My power. Pretty nifty, no? Fufufu~” Yukari giggles. What a weird laugh… She swerves back to the right lane, “There. Are you satisfied?” At that moment, however, we caught the attention of a police car, which chases after us. We’re going too fast, even for the highway!

“Um… You have to pull over…”

“Why?”

“Because bad things will happen if you don’t.”

Alice puts her hand on my shoulder, “Don’t worry, Marisa. With Yukari’s powers, everything is under control… I think…” Oh, gee whiz. Thanks, Alice…

I really want to ask what Yukari did back when we were going to crash into that truck, but right now, I’m worried about other things… like getting arrested…

Despite what I told Yukari, we’re not slowing down and stopping for the police. Instead, we keep going faster. We’re about 20-30MPH over the limit, and dodging around all the other cars, which go by fast. Alice and I duck down because the wind is starting to get too strong. After about three minutes of this, two more police cars joined the pursuit. Yukari is unfazed, despite the constant reminders from the cops’ loudspeakers to “pull over.” After a while, I guess they decided to say fuck it, and moved on to, “YOU’RE UNDER ARREST!”

I slump down. Oh god, I can’t believe this is my life…

Finally, Yukari swerves off to the next exit, the road winding down, and the centrifugal force reminding me all too well of that. We enter the downtown area, and Yukari slows down a little, but still nowhere within reason. The roads are now narrower and the area is more densely filled with cars, so our situation just turned worse. All the while, the police, now up to about seven cars, are after us, sirens blaring. Once again, Yukari uses that weird ‘hole’ thing to go ‘through’ vehicles that she can’t avoid. Suddenly, I feel a lot better about the situation. We reach a major traffic backup, due to an accident ahead. Yukari simply opens a ‘hole’ and completely bypasses it, losing the cops in the process. Well, I’m sure we just made a whole bunch of days for people... At least I’m pretty sure no one saw my face, though I’m sure mom will have some questions…

We turn into a side road, and approach the apartment complex where Cirno and Sakuya live. In the road ahead, with no cars, other than ours, Sakuya is standing as we blast forward at an unbelievable speed.

“Slow down!” I yell, “Sakuya’s ahead!”

Yukari, still unfazed, says, “She’ll be fine. Relax, Marisa.”

Sakuya runs toward us, and… she’s moving almost as fast as the car. It’s difficult to follow her movement, but I do somehow. She arcs around to my side of the car, jumps up, over me, twists in midair so she’s facing the same direction as all of us, and lands in the middle back passenger seat, between Alice and me.

“Good morning,” greets Sakuya calmly.

“Heeey~” yells Cirno.

“Holy shit, you’re fast,” I compliment.

Sakuya shakes her head in objection, “No. It was because you were slow. I was as fast as I normally am…”

“Eh?”

“Well, in your eyes, I’m sure the contrary applies… Whew…” Sakuya lets out a fatigued sigh, sweating a little.

“Are you feeling okay?” asks Alice.

“I’m fine. It’s just that the technique I used is excruciatingly tiring, just like any time manipulation technique I use without a spellcard…”

“’Time manipulation?’”

“Hm? Alice and Cirno didn’t tell you?”

“No,” respond Alice and Cirno at the same time.

Yukari slams on the brakes, bringing us to a violent and noisy stop, “Well, THAT was fun! Don’t you think?”

Since I’m in the back, I can’t tell how Cirno responded, Alice just sits there, as does Sakuya, and I nod slowly. No joke. It was just like that battle with Yumei/Remilia: once you get over that feeling of dread and impending death, there really is an element of excitement to be found in the aftermath.

There is a long moment of silence between us. Echoing in the distance, there are police sirens. I don’t know how many there are going in unison, but it’s probably more than fifteen… Out in force and they are getting closer, not that I’m surprised, with the shit Yukari pulled…

Yukari sighs, “More of those annoying sirens. Honestly, can’t the authorities of this world announce their presence in a more subtle manner? Well, we mustn’t stay here; otherwise there could be some problems…”

There is a slight vibration from under the car. I look over the edge and see another one of those 2D ‘holes’ open below the car. Within seconds, it becomes wide enough and we drop in, “Ahh!”


… … … The drop was a lot shorter than I thought it was going to be, but more importantly, where the hell are we? We’re at the foot of a grassy hill with stone stairs, lined at the sides with trees with pink petals raining from them, leading up to a Japanese style palace. My guess would be that this was Japan, except there are a bunch of white wisps flying around. Looking out, there are miles of field with more of those pink trees spread all around, the petals carried all over the place by a gentle breeze. It’s really quite a beautiful place…

“Where is this?” I ask, “Is this… Japan?”

Yukari answers, “You’re close… but no. Where we are is Hakugyokurou, the garden of the Netherworld.”

“’Netherworld?’”

“The land of the dead,” interprets Alice flatly.

My heart sinks, “The land of the dead? Why are we here? Don’t tell me we were actually found by the police and went down in a shower of gunfire, and I just imagined we fell into a hole to come here…”

Sakuya smiles in amusement, “Interesting imagination, but no. We are perfectly alive, yet we are here. This place used to be connected to Gensokyo.”

“Really?”

We step out of the car. A group of wisps come down and gather to form a figure: a girl with ruby-red eyes and semi-long pink hair, wearing traditional blue Japanese clothing and a strange-looking hat with a red swirl on it. She bows at me respectfully, which really doesn’t make me feel good. It makes me feel like I’ve been put on a pedestal I shouldn’t be on, “It’s been a long time, Marisa.”

“Um… Yeah. So like, who are you, exactly?”

The girl awkwardly smiles, “I guess it really is true. You don’t remember me… or anyone. You are Marisa, but at the same time, you’re a completely different person, aren’t you?”

“Something like that… When I meet Reimu, maybe I’ll remember you too…”

“I hope so. However, I will reintroduce myself. I am Yuyuko Saigyouji, ghost princess of the Netherworld.”

“Ghost?’” I try to touch her arm. Much to my surprise, she’s as solid as anyone.

However, Yuyuko didn’t even look at me funny when I touched her. She just tells me, “Real ghosts are very different than your image of them, Marisa.” What the hell? She totally has me figured out. She doesn’t LOOK smart, but… Well, pardoning the cliché, you can’t judge a book by its cover. Still, I can’t say I’m scared. For a ghost, she seems human enough…

Yuyuko looks over my shoulder at Yukari, “You said you’d bring me back a present from Marisa and Reimu’s world. What is it?”

Yukari taps the car’s hood, “This. It’s something people use to get around.”

Yuyuko’s face lights up, “Really? Something that beautiful? Do they get used a lot?”

Yukari nods, “They do. In any significantly populated area, you are sure to see these things a lot.”

“Wow! It must be a gorgeous place! These things all over the place? I wonder what everything else looks like…”

I take back the good things I said about her intellect, “She’s just sugar-coating it. It’s not that great.”

“Oh…”

Yukari says, “Well, we need to be on our way. See you later, Yuyuko.”

“See you…” I turn to leave.

“Wait,” Yuyuko calls out.

“What?”

Yuyuko’s face turns completely solemn, “I’m sure you’ll remember soon, and that would be the more opportune time to tell you this, but I’ve wanted to say it for a long time now, so here it goes… I’m sorry…”

“What?”

“Back when Gensokyo was ending as a result of Reimu’s awakening, you wanted to do anything it took to stop it; to preserve Gensokyo.”

“I… did?”

“You didn’t have any knowledge of you as you are now… as Marisa Starr. In the dream, the only identity you were aware of… or rather, could comprehend, was that of Marisa Kirisame. I… took Reimu’s side and tried to stop you, buying her time to recover. Ultimately, Reimu awakened, and so did you, in part because of me. I was part of the reason Gensokyo disappeared, so that’s what I apologize for.”

“…” I turn away from Yuyuko and walk away, “I have no memory of that, so I have no choice but to forgive you. There was once a time when I couldn’t comprehend being Marisa Starr? Well, now I can’t comprehend being Marisa Kirisame. If the right Marisa comes back to you somehow, give her that apology, not me.”

“Marisa…”

I walk back over to Alice, Cirno, Sakuya, and Yukari, who opens another ‘hole,’ “Are we set? Beyond this gap awaits Japan!”

Alice says after a short pause, “Well, that was an… interesting distraction, but it looks like we’re on our way now!”

Cirno says cheerfully, “I get to see Reimu and the others again!”

“Let’s go,” I say, “Time to resolve this, free your friends, and get Gensokyo back for you!”

With that, we enter the gap. 
In Japan, Saturday morning rolls in. For both Reimu and Youmu, there are no classes for either of them on this day. However, for Reimu, there are more important things than education that await her.

Youmu rises out of bed and gets dressed into her mid-length skirt and green sweater. However, Reimu is less that diligent in that regard and continues to sleep.

Youmu nudges Reimu’s shoulder, “Wake up.”

“Gghhh… Go away, Youmu…”

“But today is the day you meet Marisa. She should be in this city right now…”

“She’ll still be there later. Lemmie sleep…”

“Kaguya and Mokou are waiting!”

“And they can wait a couple more hours…”

“C’mon, Reimu! Rise and shine!”

“Zzzz…”

Youmu turns away from Reimu’s bed, “Oh… kay… We’ll be waiting in the park. Be there later, okay?”

“Mm… Zzzz…”

“Sigh… I’ll take it you heard me. Don’t forget, alright?” Youmu leaves the dorm room.

Reimu drifts off into another dream…

…

“LAST WORD!” White wings sprout out of Reimu’s back and black wings sprout from the faceless Marisa’s. They take to the sky. Their gohei and broom clash repeatedly before breaking. Afterward, they exchange blasts of energy.

Finally, Reimu yells, “This is it, Marisa! Time to end this battle… and this dream! FANTASY HEAVEN!” Many orbs of holy energy appear around Reimu, which bombard Marisa… leaving her hurt, “Can you perform your move… after that?”

Reimu can’t see Marisa’s face, but her voice indicates that she’s under pressure, “Of course… I can! APLOCALYPSE SPARK!”

“Wh…?” Reimu is surrounded by large magic circles, which bombard her with many large magical lasers, followed by a coup de grace beam from Marisa herself. After that, the world around them begins to fade and the injuries they both had taken disappear. Despite the intensity, no enmity is remaining between them.

Smiling cheerfully, Reimu says, “That was really fun, Marisa! I guess in the end, one of us couldn’t surpass the other.”

Marisa chuckles, “That’s the way it should be. I’m sure neither of us wanted a defeat that would last forever.”

“You have a point… So this is it, huh, Marisa? The end of the dream?”

“It’s no dream. Gensokyo was an actual dimension. Some that were born of imagination became reality. In the end, it’s not just another fleeting fantasy.”

“True. So… will we meet again?”

…

Reimu wakes up from a brief vision, her sense of curiosity and urgency returning, “... Ugh... Maybe I should get to the bottom of this after all..."

==

Well, this had been an interesting development. We entered Japan… only to find out that it was the dead of night on this side of the world, and we shouldn’t do anything until Reimu is awake, so Yukari warped us back to Sakuya and Cirno’s apartment, where I got some extra sleep. Finally, night falls in the US, which means morning in Japan, so we were taken back. Alice was right. That whole car trip was just a meaningless waste of time. At least it made for a believable image to my mom that I’m going out camping. She is probably thinking I’m sitting around a campfire and roasting marshmallows right now.

I had just been sitting in a park the whole time, on a bench, at the foot of another one of those pink petal trees, like the ones in the Netherworld, with Alice and Sakuya, watching a stone walkway in front of us. Yukari and Cirno went off to do their own thing. Honestly, I’m nervous about going out and about. I knew what to expect, but when it’s time to actually face it, DAMN! Anyone walking by in the park notices that I’m different in appearance, not to mention that I can’t speak Japanese, so I typically get an unusual gaze. Not that I blame them. Whenever I see someone of a different race walk by in the states, I tend to look at them, so it’s the reverse situation here. Luckily, Alice and Sakuya look out of the norm as well, so I can share the being-put-on-the-spot-ness. I was told that Reimu was going to come to this park later, which is why we are just sitting idle.

To make the time go by, I decide to make a little small-talk, “Hey, Sakuya? What was that thing you did back there? The thing where you were moving really fast?”

Sakuya answers, “As I said, Time Manipulation. I have a… degree of control over the flow of time.”

I’m sure it sounds normal to my ‘other self,’ but right now, “That’s really cool! I mean, really! You’re totally awesome, Sakuya!”

Sakuya blushes to my comment, “Um… Much thanks. I’ve never received a compliment like that before…”

Alice strikes me a jealous gaze, “What did you think of my Doll Manipulation?”

“Oh… um… That was really great too…”

“Agh…”

Dammit, she’s getting angry. I decide to elaborate a little, “It was a real surprise when I saw it, I mean. They just appeared out of nowhere and could do all kinds of things, like shoot… er… energy… show up with candles… that kind of thing. There’s a lot you can do with that power, right? How many do you have? Dolls, I mean…”

Alice looks content from my feedback. Phew. “I have hundreds of dolls of varying designs and operations existing in my space…”

I raise an eyebrow, “Your ‘space?’”

Sakuya answers, “Each of us have a certain… magic where we can store objects in a… ‘personal subspace,’ if you will. We can summon those objects at any time with a miniscule amount of stamina and they appear near us. That is where my knives come from, as well as Alice’s dolls.”

“I see…” Well, that explains that weird materialization concept, though I still don’t quite get it.

Alice continues, “I can only summon five dolls at max without a spellcard. With a spellcard, I can summon an entire squad... more with a greater deal of energy.”

“I see…”

Sakuya says, “It’s a similar case with my Time Manipulation, “Without a spellcard, I can only freeze time for about three seconds tops, or slow it for seven. However, it puts a great deal of strain on me either way, so I can’t abuse that power…”

“And with a spellcard?”

“I can extend the limit and it doesn’t have quite as much of an effect, though it is still more taxing than summoning a storm of knives…”

“I see. Haha! I’d think you were invincible with a power like that, but Remilia did seem to be a challenge for you, so I didn’t know what was up with that. That explains it…”

“Mistress…”

“Hm?”

Suddenly, another out-of-the-ordinary-like-us girl walks by in front of us. She has short yellow hair, golden eyes, wears a black dress, and a little on the diminutive side, though she’s not quite a midget. She looks at us, smiles, and then continues walking.

“Who was that?” I ask, “Strange girl…”

Alice stares in her direction, “Was that…?”

“What’s up?”

Alice rises from the bench, “I’ll be right back…” She walks away in the direction that weird girl went.

“Do you know what that was just about?” I ask Sakuya.

Sakuya seems perplexed as well, “I don’t know. That’s the first I’ve seen of that girl…”

I slouch back a little, “Well, whatever. By the way, when I mentioned Remilia, you said mistress. Also she… I mean Yumei, asked you before if you would attack your own mistress. I heard that you used to be a maid. Does that mean…?”

“Yes, it’s what you think,” answers Sakuya, “Remilia Scarlet was my mistress back in Gensokyo and I was her loyal servant.”

“I see. It’s a little hard for me to believe right now, but I have no memory of that time, and the only time since was seeing the two of you fighting.”

“I suppose from your point of view, that would most certainly be the case.”

I mention, “I saw some… visions during that battle. You were in a lot of them and dressed like a maid. I always though you’d made the cut with you cooking and cleaning skills, so that was one case where I was not surprised.”

“Really? I thought I was passing as a normal person fairly well.”

“You may be a lot of things, Sakuya, but I wouldn’t say ‘normal’ counts among them.”

We both laugh. For a while, I only thought of her as Cirno’s mom, but now we’re sitting around and talking like best friends.

After I finish giggling, I mention what just crossed my mind, “Sakuya… you’re… not Cirno’s mother, right?”

Sakuya asks, “Was it that apparent?”

“As a matter of fact, yes. What are you? Twenty-something? I’d say, based on appearance, that Cirno is twelve, which means, if you WERE her mom, you’d have to be eight or something when you had her. Of course, that’s bullshit if you ask me.”

Sakuya bends forward, resting her arms on her legs, “I suppose we didn’t make a good cover story for that. Oh well, it’s beside the point now…”

“How old are you, exactly?”

“I don’t know.”

“What?”

“A long time ago, I was given an elixir which gave me eternal life. I haven’t aged or anything.”

I pause and ask, “Something like that elixir Kaguya drank?”

“Yes. Exactly.”

“Yumei told me some things in a dream last night.”

Sakuya glances at me, “Yumei… What did she have to say?”

“She said that she would help us regain Gensokyo. She says she’s trapped there because Kaguya and another girl are, so I guess that’s how she’ll repay us.”

“I see… Do you trust her, Marisa?”

“Well, Yumei comes off as irritable and rough around the edges, but she seems okay.”

“I hope so.”

==

Meanwhile, behind a large tree in the park, out of everyone’s sight, Alice catches up with the mysterious blonde haired girl, who happily greets Alice by jumping up and roughly hugging her, “Alice! I’m happy to see you again, sister!”

Alice forces the girl off her and says, “I’m not your sister. At any rate, it’s been a long time, Yuki.”

Yuki pouts, “It has! I heard a year ago, you visited Makai, but didn’t even pay me or my sisters a visit! That was mean!”

Alice’s eyes turn to the side, “Sorry… I had some other things going on…”

“…” Yuki is not yet satisfied with Alice’s apology.

“I really am sorry. How are Mai and Yumeko doing?”

“They’re fine. They are as unhappy as I am that you haven’t paid us a visit in five years! Sure, you’re not really one of Mother’s children, but we still consider you part of our sisterhood, so you should be like a sister every now and then, okay?”

“I’ll keep that in mind. Well, what brings you all the way from Makai to the human world, Yuki? I doubt Shinki would go through the trouble of using her powers to open a boundary here, just so you can catch up with the good times.”

“That’s right…” Yuki stares at Alice solemnly, “Alice, Mother wants you to return to Makai with me.”

“What? Why?”

“Mother… she said that she has had a bad premonition and it involves you. She tends to foresee the misfortune of those she loves, and she’s usually been right. She wants you to live in Makai again and avoid that fate.”

“Just what happened? Did Shinki tell you?”

“She just had a bad feeling and said it was about you. That something terrible would happen. That is all. She doesn’t want the premonition to become worse and then come true.”

Alice responds, “I have things I want to take care of here. Tell me when things become more specific. Maybe she’s just having some kind of mood.”

Yuki sighs, “Well, Mother told me not to force you if you said no, so I’ll leave you be… but we might have to get forceful if she keeps having those feelings.”

“Fair enough. Tell Shinki, Yumeko, and Mai I said ‘hi,’ okay?”

“Will do. Here’s hoping you’re not making a mistake, Alice.” With that, a portal, not unlike one of Yukari’s, except pitch black in color, opens below Yuki and she drops in.

“Shinki…”

==

Alice returns, saying, “Sorry about that.”

“Who was that?” asks Sakuya.

“Just… someone,” answers Alice “… It seems Reimu still hasn’t come yet. I wonder what’s keeping her…”

“She decided to sleep in. We might be waiting a little while…” A new voice came from the walkway in front of us, belonging to a girl in a green hooded sweater, carrying a blue gym bag and a long object wrapped in blue cloth. She has blue eyes and short platinum hair, and is short, though not as short as that girl Alice went after. She smiles, “Alice, Sakuya… and you, Marisa. It’s been a long time!”

I’ve seen her before in those visions I got during that battle, though she was dressed differently. Alice had told me about four friends I had the strongest bond with, that appeared in the visions. She isn’t Alice or Sakuya, of course, and she isn’t that Reimu chick (body doesn’t match up), so I recall the last name I was given, “… … Youmu… right?”

The girl’s eyes widen, “Marisa… You remembered me?”

“Wh…?” Alice and Sakuya also look surprised.

“No. Not really. I just made a lucky guess based on what I was told.”

“I see.”

I stand up from the bench, “Well, hopefully, assuming all the stuff I’ve been told wasn’t bullshit, I will remember everything.”

Youmu lets out a small laugh, “Haha! Well, you may be a different Marisa, but you still sound the same as always!”

“I’ll take your word of it.”

Alice sighs, “Reimu’s sleeping in, huh? Looks like Marisa’s not the only one who hasn’t changed…”

Youmu says, “Well, we might be waiting awhile for my roommate. Have you eaten breakfast yet?”

Still operating on the time on the other side of the world ‘breakfast’ here would mean ‘dinner’ there, but regardless, I haven’t eaten anything since breakfast one. Practically responding to Youmu’s question, my stomach growls, “… … Um… no…”

Alice and Sakuya respond the same way.

Youmu nods in understanding, “I see. Shall we head to the restaurant across the street? My treat.”

“Okay,” we respond.

We head to a shop across the street from the park. The place is mostly empty. We look up at the menu’s selection, but I sure as hell can’t read what it says, so I just tell Youmu to get me whatever the heck they’d think I’d like. After Alice, Sakuya, and Youmu order up their meals, and mine, in Japanese, we sit at a booth next to a large window looking out in the parks direction, just in case Reimu arrives while we’re eating. They got me a cup of noodles, which is just as well. Despite the amount of time since I last ate, I don’t really feel like food anyway.

I decide to ask everyone some questions, not that there is a point, since I’ll regain my memories before long anyway, but I figured I’d might as well make the most of my final moments of curiosity. After all, it won’t be so much fun anymore when there is nothing left to surprise me, “How do all of you know Japanese?”

Alice says, “It might be more appropriate to ask how we know English. Japanese is our first language.”

“What?”

Youmu says, “In Gensokyo and close-by realms, Japanese is the norm. My mistress, Lady Yuyuko made me learn English a while ago, so that’s how I learned it.”

“Yuyuko is your mistress?”

Youmu raises an eyebrow, “You met her already?”

Her perplex is understandable as I did go through the Netherworld to meet her, “Yukari took us by… what was the name…? Hakugyokurou, on our way here, and that’s how I met her. So you’re her servant?”

“I am,” says Youmu.

“I see.”

Sakuya mentions to me, “You know, Marisa, in Gensokyo, as Kirisame, Japanese was your language too.”

“What?”

“It’s true,” says Alice, “Maybe you’ll recall Japanese as well as other things when you meet Reimu.”

“Er… Oooookay…” Before I let this topic get any weirder, I decide to change it, “So… um… Youmu… Have you been watching over Reimu like Alice, Sakuya, and Cirno had been watching me?”

Youmu slurps up some noodles of her own, “Yes, I have. So have Reisen and Eirin.”

“Eirin… I heard that name somewhere…”

Youmu says, “She’s a servant of Kaguya, one of those girls you have to rescue.”

“Oh… yeah.”

We finish up breakfast and return to waiting in the park.

I bend down as I sit on the bench and stare at the ground as I try to organize all that had happened. Will simply seeing some girl’s face really cause me to recall my memories? Yumei said so, but I wonder…

We hear a new voice, “Youmu…? Youmu…?” The rest of her words are in Japanese, but it seems like whoever is talking is looking for Youmu.

Youmu responds to the words with some Japanese of her own.

From behind a small group of people a girl runs toward us. She has long black hair and brown eyes, and is wearing a red t-shirt and a white mid-length skirt. She looks at me, then Sakuya, and finally Alice, “Who… are you?”

Something snaps in my mind. I just understood this girl’s words! She’s speaking Japanese, but I understood her as if she were speaking English! I look at her face for a long time and she looks at mine, and another thing snaps! That blurred face becomes clearer! Reimu! And, with that, a chain reaction I can’t even describe happens. Many buried memories become uncovered! I clutch my head as everything comes back to me in waves. The same thing appears to be happening to Reimu.

Alice, Sakuya, and Youmu watch as we react strangely to one another. It also grabs the attention of a few passersby.

…

“Reimu, ze? How come you are always better, ze?”

…

“Just you wait, ze! I’ll work hard and become better than you, ze!”

…

“Alice, ze? Do you want to be friends, ze?”

…

“I won’t let you hurt her, ze! MASTER SPARK!”

…

“It’s over Scarlet!”

…

“I will destroy that thing along with the damned tree! FINAL SPARK!”

…

“Screw talent! I’ve worked hard and studied hard and I’m not going to be beaten by something that just ‘came’ to someone! RRRRAAAGGGHHHH!”

…

Reimu Hakurei, Hakurei Shrine, Alice Margatroid, Forest of Magic, Magic, Youkai, Spellcard, Kourindou, Rinnosuke Morichika, Sakuya Izayoi, Remilia Scarlet, Patchouli Knowledge, Hong Meiling, Flandre Scarlet, Scarlet Devil Mansion, Youmu Konpaku, Yuyuko Saigyouji, Yukari Yakumo, Boundary, Ran Yakumo, Chen, Netherworld, Hakugyokurou, Saigyou Ayakashi, Spring Essence, Lunasa Prismriver, Merlin Prismriver, Lyrica Prismriver, Suika Ibuki, Cirno, Rumia, Wriggle Nightbug, Mysita Lorelei, Kaguya Horaisan, Fujiwara no Mokou, Reisen Udongein Inaba, Eirin Yagokoro, Hourai Elixir, Immortality, Tei Inaba, Eientei, Keine Kamishirasawa, Imperishable Night, Human Village, Moon, Lunarian, Bamboo Forest, Suzuran, Medicine Mealancholy, Nameless Hill, Yuka Kazami, Komachi Onozuka, Sikieiki Yamaxanadu, Higan, Aya Shameimaru, Bunbunmaru Newspaper, Tengu Mountain, Momizi Inubashiri, Youkai Mountain, Mountain of Faith, Kanako Yasaka, Suwako Moriya, Iku Nagae, Nitori Kawashiro, Sanae Kotiya, Tenshi Hinanai, God, Deity, the world is round, Faith, Dream, Mima, Thought’s End, Awakening, Shinki, Makai, Demon… … … GENSOKYO!

I want… excitement.

I want… friends.

…

Dozens of things rush by in my mind at a time. Everything begins to come together to the point where it’s like it happened yesterday. Finally, the countless memories establish themselves and my head clears. I look at Reimu, “Reimu…”

Reimu looks back at me, “Marisa…”

Finally, both of us announce at the same time, “I REMEMBER!”

I recount events that had transpired in the life I had forgotten, “When we first met, Reimu, our practice, our sparring matches, that time I protected you from a boar youkai, when I first went to live in the forest of magic, my speech I had as a little girl! I can recall everything!”

Reimu recalls our adventures, “Remilia using her red mist to block the sun and revive the vampire race, Flandre escaping, Yukari’s revenge on Gensokyo, Suika’s parties, Kaguya’s mind controlling moon to battle the Lunarians, Mokou and Keine trying to erase the moon to prevent an invasion, Yuka covering Gensokyo with suzuran, Kanako looking for enough love and faith from everyone to become powerful enough to influence everyone into creating her utopia… I know all of it!”

Reimu says with a half-tearful smile, “Marisa… I know I’m just starting to remember you, but… I missed you.”

“Reimu… Me too, strange as it feels…” It felt a little weird to talk just then. It’s like English and Japanese had just blended together. In fact, I had a little trouble figuring out what language I just used, but since Reimu seemed to understand what I said, I guess I just spoke Japanese, the language that I didn’t know a word of one minute ago.

Sakuya observes, “They know each other’s name without an introduction, Marisa’s speaking our language now… I’d say they have their memories back, strange as it turned out…”

The crowd that was watching our mild mind-attacks turns and walks away, some probably intending to inform the nearest mental institution that Reimu and I are on the loose. I turn to Alice, Sakuya, and Youmu, “Could the three of you leave Reimu and me alone for a bit?”

Reimu seems to agree, “Yes, could you?”

Youmu says, “I’d say you have some things to catch up on. Sure.” Alice, Sakuya, and Youmu walk away.

Reimu and I walk through the park, side by side. It hasn’t even been five minutes since our reunion, and yet, we feel so familiar with one another. Yumei wasn’t kidding when she said my memories would return upon seeing Reimu’s face, because… well… they did. She was my childhood friend in my ‘dream life,’ but this the first time I’ve met her outside of it. I start the conversation with a typical starting line, “It’s been a long time, Reimu…”

“Yeah, it has…”

“Honestly, if everyone hadn’t told me as much as they did about Gensokyo, I’d have been skeptical as to whether or not you actually existed… but here you are.”

“Heh… I felt the same way, Marisa. Still, I’ve seen memories of my Gensokyo days in my dreams. In a way, I’d never forgotten, although only now does it all make sense.”

“It’s better than me. I forgot completely! I had to see an out-of-this-world battle to come closer to grips with what was my other life. I was told that you’ve seen Kaguya and Mokou in your dreams.”

“Yeah. It was the strangest thing back when I didn’t know much. Now I know them completely... and of their predicament.”

“I’m sure Yukari told you that she could help get them out.”

“She did. It sounds pretty good too. They have been waiting a long time. I was told there is… someone else inside you head.”

“Yes. Someone named Yumei. But it’s a little strange. I’ve never seen her during my time in Gensokyo. She has straight rabbit ears, just like Reisen, so… maybe she’s a Lunarian, now that I can recall these kinds of things.”

Reimu’s eyes widen, “A Lunarian? That’s… strange. Might she have something to do with the Lunarians planning to invade Gensokyo?”

“I seriously doubt it. She’s as trapped in my mind as Kaguya and Mokou are in yours and she says freeing them would be freeing her. What’s more, she KNOWS a way of how we can recover Gensokyo!”

“Are you serious?”

“She said so and she says she’d help when she’s out.”

Reimu says, “A couple days ago, Yukari visited me and said that not even she knows what caused our dream to become a realm in itself. Perhaps this ‘Yumei’ has an idea?”

I respond, “She seems to know what she’s talking about, so I doubt her claims are bullshit. If we free her, we just might know for sure about the nature of Gensokyo as a separate realm.”

“Regaining Gensokyo… that would be nice…” whispers Reimu.

I stop walking, “Reimu… something that’s now bothering me… if we get Gensokyo back, where would you live?”

“Huh?”

“Well, it’s either here or there, right? Well, you did seem rather eager to return to this side, so I guess I know your answer.”

“I don’t know.”

“What?”

“My biggest desire when I was put into my coma was excitement. I wanted a life that was not redundant. Something with action… interest… not just to be another person who was being prepped for the real world. Gensokyo gave me that kind of life, so it seems more appealing… but I do have a family here, and I couldn’t leave them behind, so I don’t know…”

“What about when the dream was ending? What the hell was that about, Reimu?”

Reimu turns her head to the side, “I’m not quite sure myself. I guess I was disillusioned to find out that the life I knew was just a fantasy, so I lashed out. At that point, my memories of this life were returning, and I found what was real to be far more interesting… You have to understand that I was curious of a life that existed beyond what I understood as Reimu Hakurei, so I just couldn’t appreciate a false life as I was… but things are different. Both this life and the other may become a reality… and Gensokyo appeals to me more. Marisa, what do you want?”

Her question causes me to contemplate my own feelings regarding the matter. This choice could very well influence the rest of my life… whether my existence would be that of Marisa Starr… or Marisa Kirisame. As I am now, I’m both, “Well, I’m not sure myself… Before Gensokyo, I had no friends. During my time there, I had you, Alice, Sakuya, and Youmu… and I don’t want to lose any of you. Youmu would return to the Netherworld when all this is over, and Sakuya would most likely return to Scarlet Devil Mansion… but you and Alice… Even so, I also have a family I’d miss…”

“…” This situation is hopeless. It’s an impossible decision to make.

I try to reassure Reimu, “Well… it’s not like we’ll have to make our choice right away, even when Gensokyo is back, we’ll still have Yukari, right?”

Reimu smiles, “True enough.”

“Well, should we return to everyone? We shouldn’t keep Kaguya and Mokou… and Yumei… and Gensokyo waiting, right?”

Reimu nods in agreement, “Of course not. Let’s go!” 

“Teehehe!” Reimu extends her arm and fires several blasts of white energy at us, which we dodge.

“Reimu!” I yell, “I know who you are… what Gensokyo is!”

Reimu’s eyes narrow, “Oh?”

“You’re a mental product of a girl named Reimu Kiribayashi! She was knocked into a coma and dreamt of Gensokyo. So was, I, making this place into an actual realm!”

Reimu claps her hands slowly, “Very good, Marisa... My ‘co-creator.’ You’ve done your homework, I see. Yes, I am the persona of Reimu Kiribayashi, age 17, from Japan, only daughter of an ordinary working-class family, and student at Yumakura High School, senior class. Soon, all those things shall be mine once again. Soon this lie that I’ve been living will be erased forever.” Reimu glances at Yukari, “I take it you revealed that to them, Yukari. You certainly are an unusual figment. One in an infinite, I’d say. I’m amazed I created you.”

“Lie?” yells Sakuya, “Is that truly what you think of all you’ve gone through here? What do you think of me?”

Reimu answers, “A foreign element.” She glances at Kaguya and Mokou, “You two as well. You never should have come and lived here. Everything you’ve loved about this place was nothing more than a result of an active imagination. You shall be condemned for performing such unnatural acts.”

“Even if I am,” yells Sakuya, “I won’t just write off everything about this place I love off as an untruth! Even if Remilia-sama and the others were figments of Kiribayashi’s imagination, they were precious to me! What I felt with them… what I experienced! It was real! The feeling I had could not be faked! And you, Reimu! For you… I’ve felt no different… no… you were special to me in a different way… Reimu Hakurei was a kind person who didn’t take herself too seriously, wanted to live life her own way, easygoing, yet genuinely caring for her friends, was compassionate enough to understand what others were going through, and was powerful, yet endlessly forgiving, even becoming friends with those that were her mortal enemies! Before I met her, I was considered to be Remilia’s mindless follower, and before that, a cold-blooded hunter, but she were the first to acknowledge me as a real person! She was also the only other person I’ve felt so strongly about, other than Remilia-sama…” Sakuya looks intensely at Reimu, blushing slightly, “I… I really like you, Reimu! You may act different now, but behind all of that, I know there is the one…”

Reimu stares at Sakuya for a few seconds. Even though Sakuya was always obedient to Remilia, Reimu was the one subject where the two of them had differences regarding. Remilia had an adorable crush on Reimu since we defeated her when she unleashed the mist. Apparently, Sakuya, in spite of knowing how her mistress felt, also developed feeling for Reimu herself, causing the normally inseparable pair to clash on occasions.

A smirk crosses Reimu’s lips, “How moving, Sakuya. You’ve clearly poured out your heart and feelings. However, that doesn’t change the fact that… Reimu Hakurei was never a real person. Your feelings are directed toward nothing more than an illusion. Something inexistent. Still, those were rather entertaining sentiments. Teehehe!”

“Ugh!” Tears pour out of Sakuya’s eyes as she grips her chest tightly. I glare at Reimu. Even if what she said was true, she had gone too far and Sakuya’s affections were truly pure. How could she look down on us to such a degree? I can’t believe she was once the kind girl Sakuya described.

Apparently, my disbelief was not just my own. Mokou yells, “Damn you, Reimu! How could you say that? Do you even understand what you are doing?”

Reimu smiles, “Of course. I’m having fun with a part of my dream world. Even if she is not of my world, she became a part of it and I can do what I want with my ‘toys.’ That includes you too, Mokou.”

“ARGH!” In her rage, Mokou sends a wave of fire at Reimu, who forms an invisible shield around her protecting her. Mokou’s fist ignites and she flies toward Reimu, preparing to throw a punch, “Go to hell!”

“Hmph.” Reimu warps a foot to the side, dodging Mokou’s attack, then grabs the immortal’s arm.

Reimu smiles, “My toy. So easy to break…” Energy flows through Reimu’s arm into Mokou’s.

“AAARRRGGGHHHHHH!” Mokou howls in agony as the energy flows through her right arm. Reimu lets go and warps a few feet away. In that instant, Mokou’s arm explodes in a gruesome explosion of flesh, bone, and blood. “UUUGGHH…” Mokou clutches the place where her right arm used to be with her left hand.

“Mokou!” yells Kaguya.

I float in place, completely appalled. Sakuya, in her own despair, didn’t even notice. Alice covers her mouth, retching in disgust. Yukari’s eyes narrow at Reimu.

Reimu floats in place with a guiltless smile, “That will show you your place.” An invisible force pushes Mokou back.

“D-damn…” whimpers Mokou.

I float over to Yukari, whispering, “Yukari, take Alice and Mokou and go ahead to Hakugyokurou. The rest of us will keep Reimu distracted so she can’t control the boundary at the same time.”

“What about you?” asks Alice.

I answer, “We’ll go the long way. With luck, maybe we can get Reimu to revive Gensokyo. We may have a chance.”

“Okay,” says Yukari.

I tell Mokou, “Mokou, you’re hurt! Go with Yukari. The rest of us can handle this!”

Mokou responds, “No way, Marisa! I’m still fighting! I can deal with it. I’ve lost my arm before and I’ve still beaten Kaguya.”

“That’s a lie,” says Kaguya with a pout.

“Well I’m sure I came close…” responds the exposed Mokou.

“True…”

I yell to Reimu, “Reimu! We’ll do whatever it takes to save Gensokyo, even if it means forcing you from leaving!”

Reimu spreads her arms, “Try it! Know that I am Gensokyo and Gensokyo is me! If you cross me, you cross every force Gensokyo has to offer!” Reimu draws a spell card, declaring, “Remilia Sign!” An aura shaped like Remilia Scarlet’s silhouette surrounds Reimu.

Sakuya snaps out of her trance, “What? Remilia-sama?” The rest of us are surprised as well.

Reimu, appearing to be amused by our reactions, smirks and draws a second spell card, “Scarlet Sign: Scarlet Shoot!” Reimu extends her right arm and fires a volley of blood-red orbs at us. We barely dodge. I counterattack by firing a large blast of green magic, but Reimu fires one last orb, intercepting my attack. During that time, Yukari closes her portal, escaping with Alice.

Sakuya looks at Reimu, wide-eyed, “What was that, Reimu? That was one of Remilia-sama’s techniques!”

Reimu says, like she’s proud of herself, “I told you, didn’t I? I have every force Gensokyo has to offer! Everyone, who had vanished, returning to my mind, have powers that I now wield! I would have loved to have added Yukari and Alice to that repertoire, but oh well, I have more than enough to render all of you powerless against the might I wield.”

Mokou draws a spell card, yelling, “Screw you! I can handle anything you can deal!”

Reimu says calmly, “If that’s so, Mokou, then why did you foolishly attack me, losing your arm in the process?”

Mokou stammers, “Sh-shut up! You won’t catch me off guard again! Immortal!” A fiery aura, in the shape of a bird forms around Mokou, “Fire Bird -Flying Phoenix-!” Several flames, in the shape of birds, materialize around Mokou and fly toward Reimu, who pulls two spell cards from her pocket.

“Nitori Sign!” the shape of Reimu’s Remilia-aura shifts into that of Nitori Kawashiro, a kappa engineer responsible for building a massive shrine into Youkai Mountain, who can control water. “Water Sign: Hydro Camouflage!” Using one of Nitori’s techniques, several magic circles appear around Reimu and each fires out a sizable jet of water, extinguishing Mokou’s firebirds. At the same time, Reimu blends in with her surroundings.

“Dammit!” growls Mokou.

Kaguya provides support for her rival and prepares a spell card of her own, “New Impossible Request: Shining Trapezohedron!” Several blades of light appear in front of the princess and fly all around, searching for the hidden Reimu. Finally, one hits Reimu’s shield, revealing her location. “There!” The other blades change course and home in on where the first blade hit.

At the same time, Sakuya and I back up Kaguya’s attack.

“Love Sign: Master Spark!” I fire my massive magical laser at Reimu’s location.

“Illusion Sign: Killing Doll!” Several knives materialize around Sakuya and fly toward Reimu’s location in a concentrated formation.

Our attacks hit, blocked by Reimu’s shield, which soon shatters, revealing her form at the same time. Her aura vanishes and she rears back, stunned.

Mokou grins, “Got you now, bitch!” Her entire body ignites (probably to make sure there are no accidents this time) and she flies straight at Reimu, delivering a flaming left-handed punch to the side of her face.

However, Reimu’s reaction to the attack was minimal and as Mokou’s fist presses against her face, her eyes turn toward her attacker, indicating no signs of pain. After a few seconds, she laughs, “Teehehehe! You’re so weak, Mokou… all of you! You’re fighting Gensokyo itself!” Reimu’s body pulses with energy and sends Mokou flying back again. She prepares another two spell cards, “Suwako Sign!” Reimu’s aura appears again, this time in the form of Suwako Moriya, a goddess from the other side of Gensokyo, who was sealed until recently. “Divine Tool: Moreya's Iron Ring!” Disks of red energy materialize in Reimu’s hands and she tosses them at us.

Kaguya draws another spell card, “Divine Treasure!” Five small objects materialize around the princess as she flies in front of us, each glowing with silver energy: A stone bowl, a jeweled branch, a red cloak, a rainbow-colored shell, and a necklace of many valuable stones, “Buddhist Diamond!” A massive clear shield forms in front of Kaguya, which the disks harmlessly bounce off of. Magic circles appear on the shield and fire lasers at Reimu, who dodges to the side, drawing two more spell cards.

“Meiling Sign!” The Suwako-aura takes Meiling’s shape, “Colorful Flower: Rainbow Taijiquan!” Colorful chi gathers in Reimu’s hands and legs as she flies around Kaguya’s counterattack, with enhanced speed, preventing the rest of us from backing Kaguya up, and toward the shield. She delivers a series of powerful punches, then kicks, creating large cracks in the shield, and finally finishes her combo with a final punch, breaking through the shield and sinking into Kaguya’s gut.

“ACK!” Kaguya coughs out blood, as she slowly backs away from Reimu.

“Princess!” yells Mokou.

Sakuya says, “Forgive me,” then tosses several knives, but Reimu, still under the effects of Meiling’s spell card, skillfully deflects each knife.

Reimu draws another spell card, “Colorful Sign: Colorful Rain!” Reimu fires a blast of chi upward, which bursts above us can comes raining down as small blades. While we try our best to dodge, a few still manage to hit all of us, leaving us somewhat weakened as a result.

Sakuya admits, “She’s too powerful! She’s not the same Reimu at all…”

“Yeah,” agrees Mokou, “She’s nothing like the one we’ve come to know, personality OR ability…”

Kaguya says, “We are completely within Reimu’s clutches while we are here. Reimu has complete control over this realm! THIS is the power of an awakening dreamer within her mind?”

Reimu draws two more spell cards, “Keine Sign!” Reimu’s Meiling-aura shifts into that of Keine, a school teacher who lived in a human-populated village, who transformed into a monster on full moons. A friend of Mokou’s. “Shroud Sign: Rain in Showa!” Reimu follows through on her aerial attack and several magic circles appear high above and many laser pour down.

I draw a spell card, intending to counter Reimu’s attack, “Light Blast!” Several magic circles appear around and below me, “Shoot the Moon!” The magic circles fires lasers upward as an attack that is similar to Reimu’s technique, but goes up instead of down. The lasers clash with one another, canceling each other out. Only a few of Reimu’s lasers pass through, but we dodge them with ease.

Sakuya follows up with a spell card, “Silver Sign!” Several knives materialize around the maid, aimed at Reimu, “Perfect Maid!” The knives fly toward Reimu, who teleports through the swarm.

Mokou readies a spell card of her own as Sakuya’s attack was in progress, “Exalted Personage!” Mokou’s bird-like aura appears, “Advice of St. Germain!” Several wisps of fire fly from Mokou’s hand and home in on Reimu, who takes evasive action. However, Mokou’s flames are too numerous and Reimu gets hit and stunned by one, then bombarded by the rest. “Gotcha!”

“Ugh!”

Kaguya fires several blasts of silver energy at Reimu as she’s stunned by Mokou’s attack.

The smoke clears, however, only Reimu’s clothes show signs of harm. Her expression and posture show no signs of wear. She laughs, “Teehehehe! It’s no good. I have all the energy of Gensokyo in and around me! My wounds only take mere seconds to heal from those tenth-rate spells…” She’s right. Whatever damage we had inflicted on her had shortly disappeared. Hell, even as she’s talking, her clothes start to mend themselves “… and my stamina is unlimited! I can use all the spell cards I please, but not get tired. As for the rest of you…” Reimu notices how worn out the rest of us have become. Between the battle, getting damaged, and using spell card, we’ve started to become pretty weary. Is Reimu really invincible?

“Damn it…” whispers Mokou under her breath, “No matter what we do, we’re completely outclassed…”

“Within one’s own mind…” observes Kaguya, “It’s like confronting a god…”

Sakuya says, “We have to get OUR Reimu back somehow! Is this solving anything?”

I point out, “Well, if we knock her out, Gensokyo’s crumbling may stop. Or we could weaken her somehow. She’s too caught up with her awakening to listen to us…”

Kaguya asks, “But how do we weaken her? We’ve used so many of our best techniques… and…” Kaguya seemed to realize something. “Hold on, we have one last shot: Our most powerful techniques, surpassing everything else we’re capable of. It’s a long shot, but it’s worth a try.” Kaguya nods at Mokou and Mokou nods back, both with solemn expressions on their faces. They both pull spell cards out of their pocket. I have a guess on what they’re planning.

Reimu says, arrogantly, “So what futile attempt should I expect this time? Have you not realized that it’s worthless the way I am right now? After all, you’re only my toys while you’re here!”

Kaguya retorts, “Well each ‘toy’ is known to have a share of hazards to children, Reimu!”

Reimu raises an eyebrow, “Hm?”

Kaguya and Mokou both raises their spell cards at the same time, declaring, “Last Word!” Last Words are the coup de grace of spell cards, vastly surpassing all other spells and techniques a person can cast or execute. The difference is noticeable right away as the casters’ appearances change slightly after the initial declaration. Two flaming wings emerge from Mokou’s back, spanning several feet. Kaguya glows with brilliant golden light. When the light disappears, her clothes change to a white gown with blue and silver highlights, long sleeves, and complete with a silver tiara, making Kaguya look more like a princess than she normally does. Last Word was originally a mystery, but after its discovery, many of us sought to master these spells in order to counter the invasion of the Lunarians, who didn’t know of such powers. While these spells represent the ultimate power of their respective wielders, there is a major trade-off: the caster dies. It makes little difference to people like Kaguya, Mokou, and Eirin, who are immortal and only come back to life an hour after using their Last Words, but everyone else needs to drink a potion, created by Eirin, prior to casting the spell, which barely preserves the person’s life, leaving them temporarily unconscious afterward. Considering Last Words operate on a person’s life force, rather than their physical energy, like with all other spell cards, they are strictly a last resort.

Mokou declares, “Phoenix Rebirth!” Intense flames envelop Mokou, taking the shape of a large firebird with long blue feathers extending from its head and glowing white eyes, potentially becoming like a phoenix..

Kaguya declares her spell too, “Rainbow Facet!” A bright stone materializes in Kaguya’s hand her body radiates rainbow-colored energy.

Mokou, as a phoenix flies toward Reimu as Kaguya hold her hand out and sends fires a salvo of massive energy bursts, leaving trails of multi-colored light in their wake.

Reimu raises two spell cards as Mokou closes in on her, “Yuka Sign!” Reimu’s aura takes the shape of Yuka Kazami, which, by now, we know indicates she’s about to use one of Yuka’s spell cards, “Duel Spell: Twin Spark!” Reimu suddenly splits into two images of herself, one being fake. Mokou, during her pass, breathes a stream of intense fire at one image, which only passes through it, making it the fake. Kaguya’s attack also passes through. The two Reimus turn toward Mokou and extend their arms, releasing two massive lasers, slamming into the phoenix.

“Ugh!” Mokou reels as the attack hits.

“Gr…” Kaguya sends another flurry of bursts at the other Reimu, who dodges the first few, but gets hit hard by the subsequent attacks.

“Ugh!”

As Reimu is stunned, Mokou takes advantage of her state and prepares a second attack. She wraps her wings around Reimu and her body flares up, burning her all over.

“AHHHHH!”

Mokou completes the attack by kicking Reimu in Kaguya’s direction and breathing another stream of flame into her back.

Kaguya powers up for one final attack, as Mokou follows through, charging at the reeling Reimu. Kaguya’s body becomes completely energized with rainbow-energy and she charges as well at an immense speed. Sakuya and I watch on in awe. C’mon, this HAS to do it! I’m not expecting them to destroy her or anything, but at least knock her unconscious! The two attacks connect and there is a large explosion, leaving a cloud of smoke too thick for me to see what’s happening in there.

Suddenly, at the bottom, I see Kaguya and Mokou falling, too weak to even fly at this point.

“Kaguya!” I ride down after them. They’re done for if they fall into the dark void below.

“Mokou!” Sakuya chases after them as well.

How could I have been so stupid? I should have known they wouldn’t have any power left to fly above the void, and I was ignorant of that fact until it was too late! They’re too close to the void for me to make it in time now! Sakuya can freeze time, but she’s never done anything that involved moving anyone or anything, so I don’t know if she’s capable of helping them, even with that ability. Even though it is futile, I continue to chase them and Sakuya prepares a spell card, even though it’s questionable if she could help, as they’re too close to the void at this point.

“Don’t bother…” says Mokou weakly.

“What?” yell Sakuya and I at the same time.

Kaguya says, “We’ll only slow you down at this point. If you want to help us, get Gensokyo back to normal! I’d imagine it would revive around us. We’ll be okay if you do that!”

Mokou says, somewhat unsure of herself, “Um… That’s right! Just get Reimu back to normal! Don’t worry about us!”

I don’t want to admit it, but they’re right. Their best chance is Gensokyo’s revival. Both Sakuya and I stop as both rivals disappear into the blackness.

I grit my teeth as we turn back in Reimu’s direction. Well, it seems their attacks worked. She’s bleeding in several areas and is breathing faster.

Reimu forces a smirk, “Heh. They should have known that wouldn’t defeat me… and now they are doomed to float in a non-existent space. What a pitiful waste of life!”

Kaguya! Mokou! I promise I’ll find a way to return Reimu and Gensokyo back to normal! Your sacrifices won’t be for nothing!

Sakuya attacks Reimu by charging at her, tossing several knives as Reimu prepares another spell card, “Aya Sign!” An aura forms around Reimu in the shape of Aya Shameimaru, a tengu reporter with power over wind. Her reports often poked fun at Reimu, so there had been a lot of enmity between them. It’s weird to see Reimu using her powers. I guess it’s clear who ultimately came up on top in their rivalry. Instead of using one of Aya’s spell cards in particular, however, Reimu simply sends a strong gust of wind at Sakuya’s knives, reflecting them back at the maid.

“AH!” Sakuya attempts to guard herself, but she still gets cut a number of times by her own weapons, and is left bleeding in several places, blood dripping into the void below.

I draw a spell card, “Comet!” Blue energy flows into my broom, “Blazing Star!” Moving rapidly, I fly toward Reimu, intending to ram her.

However, Reimu reacts very fast and has enough time to declare a spell card, “Wind Sign: Wind God’s Fan!” Reimu releases a powerful gust of wind, which I manage to break through, though it still severely minimizes the power of my attack. I crash into her, sends her reeling, but she recovers very fast and knocks me back, near Sakuya, with a blast of wind.

Reimu prepares another spell card, “Wind God: Storm Day!” Chilly wind starts to spiral around, soon to result in a tornado. I grab Sakuya’s hand and try to get us to the outside of the wind’s zone, when suddenly, the wind stops.

“Huh?”

We look toward Reimu, who has a serene expression on her face, “It’s… almost time…”

I ask, “What are you talking about, Reimu.”

Reimu says, “The time is not far off, Marisa. I’m recovering. My awakening is mere hours away. It’s the end for Gensokyo, and Marisa, no matter where you go, you will wake up the moment I do. You may believe in who you are right now, but it’s not your true self. Do accept that fact in the time you have remaining. Farewell.” With that, Reimu disappears into thin air. Frigid winds blow around in the now-desolate Gensokyo. The piece of land we were above starts to crumble.

Sakuya says, “We can think about this later! She said this is the end for Gensokyo! If that’s true, we have to get to the Netherworld NOW!”

I reluctantly nod as the suction from the void starts to strengthen. We fly up toward the sky into the point the clouds swirl around, entering a dark tunnel of clouds. At the end, we reach four pillars with a gate beyond them and a barrier in front of the gate. We fly up and over the barrier and through the gateway. At the other side of the gateway, the scenery is greatly different and improved from that of Gensokyo, like it has ‘stability,’ as we are now at the edge of the Netherworld, but we are not in the clear yet. Before us lies a very long stone staircase, which is the point where Gensokyo and the Netherworld connect, meaning this area is partly Gensokyo’s. We fly up the stairs as fast as we can, not knowing how much time we have before this area starts disappearing.

Along the way, Sakuya, sweating heavily from her injuries inflicted by Reimu, asks, “Marisa… Reimu said… she only had a few hours left… until awakening…?”

“Yes,” I answer with a nod.

“Where she disappeared to… could it be… that boundary between Dreams and Awakening… Yukari mentioned?”

“That would be a safe bet, I imagine. We gotta get to Hakugyokurou very soon and find Yukari.” Suddenly, we see something gaining on us from behind: a wave of darkness swallowing the area behind us, “Shit! This area is starting to vanish as well! We gotta hurry!”

Sakuya wearily pulls a spell card from her pocket, which has a slightly different characters than her others, “You go ahead, Marisa, I can’t handle this much longer. I’m fading fast…”

I grab Sakuya’s arm, “C’mon, Sakuya! Just hop on! I’ll take us up!”

“No, I’ll slow you down and we’ll get caught by that void for sure. Listen to me carefully, Marisa. You have to get to Hakugyokurou, find Yukari, and get Reimu back. We’ve lost too many to fail now. I’ll give you one last helping of my energy. You have 45 minutes! Please go!”

“Sakuya, you can’t_”

Before I can finish my sentence, Sakuya breaks free of my grip and declares, “Chrono Sign!” Silver energy swirls around her, which she then sends over to me, “Silence Elongate!” The world around me becomes monochrome and eerily silent. Everything had stopped in their tracks, except me. I realize what Sakuya had done: she passed the energy of her spell card to me, so I get the benefits of it. I’ve seen her use that particular spell before. According to her, it freezes time for a period of 45 minutes of the user’s time, an effective way to get ahead when under a time limit. So this is what it’s like when Sakuya freezes time, huh? That means she gave me 45 minutes to go ahead to Hakugyokurou. Even so, I refuse to leave Sakuya behind.

I put my arm around the frozen Sakuya and say, “C’mon, even though you want me to go alone, I’ll just take you with me anyway! We have time!” I try to move, but Sakuya won’t budge a millimeter, even though she’s flying like me. On top of that, her entire body is harder than steel. I realize why she can’t move anything, other than herself, when freezing time and why she didn’t just stab someone in their suspended animation during a battle. With no options at all, I can only do what Sakuya asked me to do. “… Thank you, Sakuya…” I fly ahead, my tears staining the stairs behind me, like Sakuya’s blood had been before. I can’t fail! I won’t fail! It’s like Sakuya said: We’ve lost too many to fail now… and now I’ve lost another.

It’s my most dramatic loss yet. Next to Reimu and Alice, Sakuya is one of my closest friends. It was two years ago, but it doesn’t feel that long. When Sakuya and I had entered this place for the first time, Sakuya was completely focused on her mission, which was to get spring back at the time, and the solution was in Hakugyokurou. She apparently felt Reimu and I were slowing her down, so she used the spell, which I am currently under, to go ahead and ditch us. I was pissed off about that. Yet now, Sakuya did something noble and used that same spell so I could get ahead. She had changed since then, and even acknowledged Reimu, Alice, Youmu, and me as her ‘friends’ after we defeated Mokou. I didn’t fully appreciate that change until now.

I zoom ahead, making the best of Sakuya’s final act. Goodbye, Sakuya… 

On the other side of the mountain range, in the ruins of a city, the group consisting of Reisen, Cirno, Mokou, and Yuyuko, were soon ambushed by waves of fairies not long after landing. Fighting through the seemingly endless swarm, they made it into the city, on the streets below the highway area, trying to find cover among the ruins.

Reisen glares straight at a small group of fairies, and fires two beams of psycho energy out of her eyes, destroying all but one. She draws her handgun and takes out the last with a bullet. All the fairies burst and vanish upon being destroyed.

Three more fairies appear right ahead of them. Cirno extends her hand toward them yelling, “Go away! Leave us alone, dammit!” She fires three freezing beams, which pierce through the youkai, causing them to turn to ice, fall to the ground, and shatter.

Another fairy attempts to tackle Reisen from behind, but Mokou notices it, twirls quickly around to face it, her hair swishing around her, and tears through it with a flaming punch, “You might as well just kill yourself, ya damn fairy, and save us both the effort!”

However, the small amount of fairies they had just destroyed were only a vanguard for a much larger group, which surrounds them.

Mokou puts her hands into her pockets and glances around calmly at the surrounding swarm, “Well, shit.”

“More of them?” complains Cirno.

Reisen looks at the swarm frantically, “Shoot! If we take too long with them, that will buy them time for reinforcements to appear…”

Yuyuko, not even bothering to observe the situation, says, as she pulls a spellcard from out of her kimono, “Oh? Is that all?” She raises the card and declares, “Death Sign: Ghastly Dream!” From all around the four of them, butterflies, made up of spirit energy, materialize, quickly outnumbering the fairies, and fly out, cutting through them with their blade-like wings. Almost all at the same time, the fairies burst.

Mokou lets out an impressed whistle, “Da-amn! Glad you’re on our side, ghost girl.”

Reisen looks around. Her eyes are glowing as they are in a state of infrared vision, as she looks for heat signatures from fairies. Finally, her eyes return to normal, “I didn’t see anyone else. It looks like we got everyone…”

“… For now,” says Mokou, completing Reisen’s statement.

“For now,” confirms Yuyuko, “We mustn’t lower our guard. With all the fairies we’ve had to fight through, there are bound to be more before too terribly long.”

“Dammit!” whines Cirno, “I’m hungry and tired and I need to go pee! No more fairies! I hate fairies!”

“I won’t even point out the irony in what fairy girl just said,” remarks Mokou.

Reisen says, “Well, regardless, what Cirno said probably holds true for all of us. I’m hungry and I could use some rest. How about you, Mokou?”

With a lighthearted laugh, Mokou says, “Aw, what do you take me for, bunny girl? You haven’t seen a tenth of what I can do!” However, Mokou’s bravado is undermined by her stomach growling, “Er… heh…”

“I want food too,” says Yuyuko, “Let’s find a place to eat.”

“Do you even NEED food?” asks Cirno.

“… In a manner of speaking…”

“Anyway,” begins Reisen, “we should find a place where we can hide out and eat. Let’s get going.”

“You make it sound like it is no daunting task,” says Yuyuko, “but are you sure we can find nourishment among these ruins?”

“Of course!” answers Reisen, “Don’t forget, these ‘ruins’ came to be only a few days ago! That and it IS a city. There are more places with ‘rations’ than we can count! Houses, restaurants, anything!”

Cirno’s face lights up, “Ah! Reisen is so smart!”

Reisen rolls her eyes, “Not really. It’s just basic knowledge…”

Having eliminated their opposition for the time being, they focus on finding a place for nourishment and rest. As good fortune would have it, they find the remains of a supermarket within a half-hour of searching. Even though the exterior is as drab and broken as the rest of the city, the only thing unsightly about the interior are that the power, and thus, the lighting, is out, with the only way to see are the chunks of the ceiling that had collapsed into it, in turn allowing the sunlight to shine in.

Upon seeing the hundreds of packaged foods before her, Yuyuko’s expression becomes cheery in a childish way, “Ahh! So much food! I’ve never seen so much in one place! Reimu’s world is so amazing!”

“Well, treat yourself to whatever you want,” offers Reisen, who glances at the unoccupied cash register terminals, “I’m sure it’s all the same to whoever owns this place…”

“Yay!” Yuyuko runs deeper into the store, like a child who had gone to the fair for the first time.

Mokou studies the store attentively, “What to eat…?”

Reisen says, based on assumption, “There is no power here, so there is no cooling… I guess frozen foods, produce, and all that are out of the question…”

“Whatever,” says Mokou, “There is meat here, right? I can heat one up…”

Around the market, Yuyuko eats a wide variety of foods, Cirno freezes, and then treats herself to the frozen inventory, and finally, Mokou heats a steak, which she and Reisen share.

As Reisen eats her portion of the steak, she says to Mokou, who is sitting right next to her, their backs leaning against the wall, “You’re being surprisingly generous, Mokou…”

Mokou takes a bite out of her portion and says, “Yeah? What of it?”

“I’m only saying. Normally, I’d expect you to keep the whole steak to yourself, and not share it with anyone, especially not some follower of ‘that bitch Kaguya,’ as you put it.”

“Don’t overanalyze,” advises Mokou, “I can’t do this alone, and arguing with all of you is a pain in the ass that I can avoid, so I can do you favors every now and then…”

“It’s strange to hear that from a loner…”

“I know something of working as a team, y’know. I’d just rather… not.”

“Are you sure?” asks Reisen, “If I remember correctly, you were watching my back, back there. Could it be that you’re… fond of us?”

“Hell no!” protests Mokou, “I… um… It was a fairy, and we had to kill fairies, right? It was just another to take care of…”

“Hmhmhm…” chuckles Reisen, noticing the unconvincing tone of Mokou’s voice.

Mokou is aware that Reisen hadn’t bought in, so she decides to come clean, “Okay, you win, dammit! I’ve known you for so long. How about that? I have no quarrels with you, like I do with Kaguya, and I know you won’t live forever, so you should live as long as you can…”

Reisen blinks, “What?”

Mokou wildly chomps a few bites out of her steak, and states, “I used to be mortal, y’know. I remember what it was like. My life was the most precious thing I had, and I did all I could to hang onto it. Sure, I drank the elixir, and my life… is not worth so much anymore, but people like you still treasure it, right?”

“Um… right.”

“Then live, alright? When you die, you won’t get any more chances like me. Do your best to make the most of it. Don’t…” Mokou freezes, “Don’t make the mistake I made…”

“Do you regret it?” asks Reisen.

“That won’t change shit. I just accept it and live accordingly. An eternal life of angst? I might as well be in Hell if that were the case…”

“Mokou…”

Mokou tries to smile to the best of her ability, “Don’t look at me like that!” Her expression turns solemn again and she leans back further, her body sliding away from the wall, “Still… If I could change things, I would. That elixir should have burned. I was just so focused on getting revenge on Princess that I hadn’t given a thought to the future…” Mokou lets out a depressed laugh, “Haha… ha… I’m such a fool…”

Reisen tries to find the right words to console Mokou, “Mokou… I’m sorry… you…”

“Not another word, bunny girl. It’s just the way things are. Besides, there are ways to die that not even immortality can override. Hell, Princess and I had that chance inside miko girl’s head. Thanks for ruining that, by the way.”

“…” Reisen pouts.

“Oh well, it may be another few thousand years, but time will tell, and time is all I have now. At least I can ‘share’ it with another unfortunate victim of the hourai elixir…”

Reisen raises her ears, “Mokou…”

“Well, let’s find Princess and doctor girl, Leader.”

Reisen’s eyes widen, “’L-LEADER?’”

“Who else can play that role? I won’t, I have my doubts about ghost girl, and fairy girl sure as hell can’t call the shots. I’d say you’re the most dependable to keep us together.”

“You’re joking…”

“I totally am.”


Elsewhere, across boundaries, a large wooden ship skims across a seemingly endless body of water toward its destination: A place with tall buildings and roads decorated with occasional cherry blossom trees, with many people wandering about. Overall, a place much like a city. Many white wisps fly around the ship until it docks at the city’s harbor.

Standing at the ship’s bow, a girl with dark hair, dark eyes, and dark clothes, holding a scythe, announces, “We have arrived!”

The wisps fly away from the ship and approach the ground, each assuming a humanoid appearance in the process. Finally, one of those wisps assumes the form of Yukari Yakumo, who now has the characteristics of a ghost, namely small spiritual wisps circling around her body.

Yukari lets out a sigh, “That was a long trip… Still, it was a… unique experience and that shinigami was so diligent… unlike a certain other I know…” Yukari looks at the city, still mumbling her thoughts, “So this is THEIR Netherworld… but something is odd. I’m sure I was here years ago, but there were no large buildings. I remember it looking almost exactly like Hakugyokurou…” Suddenly, something catches Yukari’s attention: A large banner hanging from the roof of one of the buildings. On it, there is an insignia she finds vaguely familiar: A circle with part of it as a golden crescent, and the rest black. She remembers seeing the same thing as a pin on Reisen’s jacket, “I wonder…”

Yukari walks further forward. She gets an idea she can’t believe she hadn’t thought of seconds earlier, “My powers! Let’s see…” Yukari opens a gap in front of her, its destination set for Yumei’s Gensokyo. Yukari proceeds to enter the portal, but an invisible force repels her from entering. Yukari lets out a depressed moan, “As I feared… As a ghost I’m bound to the Netherworld. I can’t leave, even if I had a means to. Yuko and Mima both received special permission from Sikieiki, which is why…” She closes the gap and performs another experiment by opening a gap, the exit of which, is another gap to her left. She sticks her arm into it, and it emerges from the other. “It looks like I still have control within this boundary. That’s good…” Yukari suddenly gets an idea, “Wait! If I can only be within the Netherworld, then… Fufufu~”

CRACK! As Yukari is about to open another gap, however, her focus is sharply diverted by the loud noise of a whip cracking. Yukari and all the other ghosts that had arrived stop in their tracks. In front of them, a young-looking girl with long red hair tied by a yellow bow, wearing a purple kimono, and holding a leather whip, approaches. At her back and sides, there is a large group of girls in blue uniforms, each with rabbit ears extending from their heads and red eyes, much like Reisen. None of them have ghostly characteristics. Also among the group, there is a black-haired girl with a timid expression, dressed exactly like Sikieiki Yamaxanadu. Yukari and all the other ghosts focus their attention on the girl.

The girl announces, “Welcome to the afterlife, everyone!”

“…” There is absolute silence among the crowd.

The girl pouts, but continues to speak, “My name is Kotohime. I am the fourth princess of the Lunarian Empire. For the ignorant masses that don’t know us, all you need to know is that we are the future sovereigns of all creation…”

Yukari mutters, puzzled, “The Lunarians control a Netherworld? How is that possible?”

Kotohime continues to speak, “While you are here, there is one thing you must be perfectly aware of: I am your god. To cross me means to have your soul sent straight to Hell…” She glances back at the black-haired girl, “Isn’t that right… Yama?”

The girl, thoroughly intimidated, struggled to speak, “Um… you… you see…”

“Spineless fool,” mumbles Yukari.

Kotohime cracks her whip, “TALK!”

“Ye-yes… Um… Please do as Princess Kotohime says… please?”

“Hmph…” Kotohime’s expression turns to a satisfied smirk.

Kotohime focuses on the ghosts again, “Pay close attention. While I am present in this place, a resort designed by yours truly, you are expected to work. Yes, as of today, you can consider yourselves my slav… er… ‘loyal vassels!’”

A lot of commotion arises among the crowd. “What a bitch,” says one of the ghosts.

Kotohime lashes her whip wildly, “Who said that? I heard someone call me the B-word! I HATE being called the B-word! Talk! I will see to it that all of you get sent to Hell if one of you doesn’t own up!”

“…” The Yama looks at the ghosts worriedly.

A lot of the ghosts look at the one who said it, shortly forming a path for Kotohime and her bodyguards to walk through. She stops and looks at the ghost condescendingly, “Was it you?”

The ghost, now shaking, says, “Y-yes…”

“You shall be disciplined!” Kotohime prepares to strike the ghost with her whip.

Yukari thinks, So this is my afterlife, huh? Being bullied and enslaved by an outside force? Well, not if I have anything to say about it. Yes, time to teach that spoiled twit a lesson! Yukari enters a gap, and then emerges from another in the whip’s path. Yukari holds out her parasol in front of her, and the whip twirls around it.

“HEY! Where did you come from?” demands Kotohime.

“…” Without a word, Yukari pulls her parasol back, yanking the whip out of the Lunarian princess’ grip, then slings it off her makeshift weapon. Yukari opens another gap, enters it, and emerges a few feet in front of her original position, right in front of Kotohime. Yukari swings her parasol down hard over the princess’ head, causing her to fall to the ground. Thunderous cheer comes from among the ghosts.

Yukari says coldly, “I believe a new Netherworld order is needed.”

“Eep!” Kotohime sits up, and then crawls backward away from Yukari, saying to her bodyguards, “What are all of you standing there for? Attack her!”

“Yes, your highness,” respond the moon rabbits in unison as the reach for their handguns. However, Yukari is faster on the draw, and she sends orbs of energy slamming into each of the rabbits, knocking them to the ground, all of them unconscious.

Kotohime grits her teeth, “You monster! We’re not done! Special forces! Protect me!”

Suddenly, out of the shadows of the tall buildings, a few black blurs fly out and stop in front of Kotohime, revealing six figures in black jumpsuits, with dark red scarves wrapped around the lower parts of their faces. However, each has rabbit ears and red eyes, making them identifiable as moon rabbits. Each has a short sword sheathed at the hip opposite of their dominant arms, and small blades tucked under their belts.

“Tch…” Yukari prepares for more action.

One of the rabbits bolts forward, quick-drawing her sword at Yukari, who leaps back, narrowly avoiding the blade. However, another rabbit follows up her partner, thrusting her sword forward, impaling Yukari through her gut.

“Huh?” However, Yukari doesn’t feel any pain from the strike, but does feel an acute decrease in her ghostly body’s spirit energy, though the coming fatigue might as well be pain, though not enough to render her incapacitated. There is no blood emerging from her wound, but rather, white smoke. Yukari extends her hand in front of the rabbit’s face and releases a powerful burst of energy, knocking her out. The remaining five rabbits draw their swords.

Kotohime rises her to feet, “Not bad, monster, but you were just lucky!”

“How original,” says Yukari, drawing a spellcard, “Boundary Field: Mesh of Light and Darkness!” Portals open up around Yukari and they begin to fire volleys of lasers. However, Kotohime’s protectors disperse quickly to avoid the attack. Fortunately for Yukari, however, Kotohime lacks such agility, and the lasers home in on her.

Kotohime, her hands in front of her in futile defense, screams, “You idiots! Protect me!”

“Damn! Protect Princess Kotohime!” orders one of the rabbits. Two of the dark rabbits, their arms spread, appear in front of Kotohime as a living shield.

“Hmph!” Yukari smirks as she sees her plan work. The rabbits get bombarded by Yukari’s lasers. Yukari’s attack ends and the rabbits drop to the ground, unconscious.

“Grr… Useless fools!” growls Kotohime.

“Hah… hah…” pants Yukari, beginning to tire, “I still… need to get accustomed… to this body… Heh… So this is what it’s like to be Yuko…”

The remaining three rabbits surround Yukari. “She is wearing down! Now is the time to finish her!” announces one of the rabbits. They run circles around her in unison, their speed rapidly increasing to the point Yukari, nor Kotohime, nor the ghosts can follow their movements.

While Yukari has little power left, mostly due to the sword strike before, she doesn’t need to use much of her power at all under the current circumstances. The rabbits pause a second before they perform their intended action of narrowing in on Yukari, skewering her from different directions. However, Yukari open a gap below her and drops in, causing the rabbits to accidentally skewer each other. The ghosts cheer and whistle for Yukari. The Yama lets out a relieved sigh.

Yukari emerges from a gap in front of Kotohime, “Do you have anymore minions?”

Kotohime futilely tries to hide her fear, “Grr… C-curse you, monster!”

“I’m not monster, I’m Yukari Yakumo, a ‘ghost,’ just like everyone else here. Now, you Lunarian have no right to be here. If you hold your life dearly enough, you and your alien friends will return to the moon.”

Kotohime slowly walks backward as Yukari advances on her, “How dare you? I’m Princess Kotohime! Empress Lunariya’s fourth daughter! You’re nothing but garbage! What gives you the right to tell ME what to do?”

Yukari smugly replies, “Because in ‘Yukariland,’ your title is meaningless.”

Kotohime loses her royal composure and yells, “F-fuck you!”

Yukari smiles with satisfaction, enjoying the moment, “So you show your true colors.”

As Yukari advances on Kotohime, however, she fails to notice one of Kotohime’s bodyguards regain consciousness. She gets up and charges toward Yukari’s back.

“Look out!” yells one of the ghosts.

“Huh?” It’s too late. The bodyguard pulls a taser out of her uniform’s front pocket, activates it, and presses it against the back of Yukari’s head.

“UG-H-H-H-H!” Yukari’s spirit energy rapidly drops, due to the strong electric jolt, to the point where she can no longer stand. She slumps to the ground, and then lays on her front, unable to move.

“…” Kotohime walks toward the ghosts, who are now stunned into silence, picks her whip off the ground, walks back to Yukari, and then lashes her back repeatedly. CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!

“Ughhh!” groans the boundary ghost.

The lashing continues for a half-minute. Kotohime walks over to the Yama, her temper still uncontrolled, “You! Send her to Hell! Immediately!”

Despite her limited courage, the Yama explains, “That’s impossible to do right away, princess.”

“WHAT?”

“Um… there are… certain… proceedings, you see. Her sins must be looked at, and… well… It can take up to a month…”

“RAAGGGHHH!” Kotohime slaps the Yama so hard, she falls to the ground, “You’re useless! I’ll come up with an appropriate…” Suddenly, Kotohime’s lips curl into a smirk, “Wait… Hmhmhm…” She kneels in front of Yukari and lifts her head up by her hair, “I have a use for you~ That is a… rather interesting power you possess…”

“Wh…” Yukari is barely capable of speech in her current condition.

Kotohime slams Yukari’s head against the ground, stands, and turns toward her bodyguard, “You! Take her in for some… ‘conditioning.’ Afterward, throw her in the dungeon, along with that Yama who was foolish enough to lecture me and her stupid shinigami friend.”

“Understood,” responds the bodyguard obediently.


In the underground cavern, the girl, still unseen by Reimu, taunts, “You are outnumbered, nya. Just give up, nya!”

Reimu shakes her head and sighs, “That’s an amazingly simpleminded boast. In fact, I’d ask the same of you…” Reimu positions her hand in her pocket casually, “Come on! I dare you to order your fairy friends to attack!”

“Fine! Fairies, attack, nya!” The fairies start to close in on Reimu, all at the same time. At that moment, Reimu pulls a spellcard out of her pocket, declaring, “Dream Sign: Evil Sealing Circle!” A pillar of white light surrounds the miko and expands, engulfing and destroying most of the fairies. Two, who were further back in the group, avoided getting hit by the spell, but Reimu materializes two needles between her fingers and throws them, piercing and destroying the remaining fairies.

“NYA?”

“There goes the ‘outnumbered,’ aspect,” says Reimu, “Care to take this matter upon yourself, ‘Not-Chen?’”

“…” The hidden girl does not answer.

Reimu smiles victoriously, “What’s the matter? Too intimidated to talk now? In that case, I’ll take my leave. I have no intention to waste time here anyway.” Reimu walks in the direction of the passage on the other end of the large room. However, out of that passage, something zooms across the floor, leaps up toward and past Reimu. At that time, Reimu feels an acute pain in the side of her face and realizes she had just been cut.

The thing stops and stares at the miko. It is a black cat with red eyes, “Hsssss!”

“Ugh. Damn… A cat...? But… who was talking?”

“REAOW!” The cat springs toward, Reimu, who positions her gohei defensively, stopping the cat from going any further. However, the cat clings to her gohei, and bites Reimu’s hand.

“AGH!” The cat then leaps onto Reimu’s head, then straight into the air above her. Reimu recovers and looks up. In midair, the cat begins to shapeshift. It transforms into a girl with red hair tied in two braids, dark red eyes, and wearing a green dress with black highlights. As expected, she has catlike ears and a tail. Also, in her hand, she has a large object, but it’s so unexpected, Reimu can’t properly identify it in the time she currently has. The girl drops back down, swinging the large object downward. The miko leaps back, but the girl follows up her attack, swinging again, this time delivering a direct and heavy blow, which sends Reimu sailing back and slamming back-first into the room’s stone wall.

Reimu take a couple steps and finally gets back upright, “Who… are you?” She finally identifies the weapon: It is a wheelbarrow.

The girl proudly introduces herself, “I’m Rin, nya. Rin Kaenbyou. But you can call me Orin, nya. I serve the mistress of this underground complex, Satori Komeiji, and under the orders of the world’s absolute mistress, Yumei, she told me to take care of you, nya. Nothing personal, nya.”

“Yumei, huh? Where are Marisa and Youmu?”

“Your friends, nya? Somewhere else in the complex, nya. Miss Satori and Utsuho are taking care of them.”

“I see…”

“But why am I telling you, nya? This is where you will die, nya!”

Reimu’s eyes narrow, “Somehow, I fail to find that intimidating. I will defeat you and find my friends.”

“Let’s do this, nya!” Orin turns back into a cat for the sole purpose of covering the ground between herself and Reimu quicker, transforms back, and swings her cart, which Reimu manages to block with her gohei, who then counterattacks with a kick, which sends the cat youkai staggering back.

Reimu uses a spellcard, “Spirit Sign: Fantasy Orb!” She sends six orbs of holy energy flying toward Orin.

Orin positions her cart vertically in front of her, hiding behind it. The orbs slam into it. The force of the attack pushes the cat youkai back, but causes no harm. Orin goes out of hiding with a spellcard prepared, “No good, nya! Atonement, nya: Needle Mountain of a Former Hell!”

“Wh…” Reimu notices a magic circle appear below her. She leaps up just as several long spikes shoot out from it. Breaking into flight, she dives toward Orin.

Orin readies another spellcard, “Malicious Spirit, nya: Spleen Eater!” Suddenly, around Reimu, several wisps, not unlike the spirits found in the Netherworld, appear and quickly close in. Orin, with her open palm directed in Reimu’s direction, makes a fist, and all the spirits clash together and cause an explosion of spirit energy, which creates a force which sends Reimu crashing against the wall again, and falling to the ground.

“Ugh… Damn it…”

“Nyahaha! NOW are you scared, nya?” Orin leaps into the air with her cart raised and sails toward the downed Reimu.

“Tch…” Reimu raises her gohei and blocks the cart. Orin tries swinging her unconventional, but effective, weapon a few more times, but the miko continues to guard, despite being at the cat youkai’s mercy. Finally, Orin rears back to deliver and extra powerful attack with her cart, intending to break Reimu’s defenses, but the miko takes the opportunity to slap an ofuda on the cat’s chest. The ofuda creates a burst of holy energy, which sends Orin staggering back, and also dropping her cart in surprise.

“Nyaaooo!”

“Take this!” Reimu draws a spellcard and attempts the spell that failed before, now that Orin had lost her defensive measure, “Spirit Sign: Fantasy Orb!” The orbs slam into Orin and send her tumbling and sliding across the ground until she stops, almost at the other end of the room.

Orin gets back to her feet, though she stumbles a bit before regaining her proper footing, “You’re… good, nya…”

“You’ve lost,” says Reimu, walking toward the cat youkai.

However, Orin simply chuckles, “Nyehehehnyahaha!”

Reimu stops, “What’s so funny?”

Orin says, “Thank you for helping me back there, nya! Now you’ll see my real power!”

Reimu raises an eyebrow, “’Helping you?’ ‘Real power?’ What are you talking about?”

Orin responds with actions, “Cursed Sprite, nya!”

“Huh?”

“Zombie Fairy!” Suddenly, the fairies that Reimu had destroyed before reappear. They have the signs of the injuries they had received before, many of them singed by holy energy, and two penetrated by needles.

Reimu’s eyes widen, “This is… necromancy?”

Orin smirks, “Let’s see you beat them this time, nya!”

Reimu rolls her eyes, “They’re still fairies. No match for me.” She whirls around, tossing needles in rapid succession. However, while the needles hit home, the fairies don’t burst; they simply keep approaching her like nothing happened. The fairies retaliate by charging at the miko, who jumps out of the way, but then they turn and fire blast of energy, which Reimu blacks a couple of with her gohei, but the rest get past her defenses and bombard her. Reimu gets forced back with her arm over her torso, “Damn…” A couple more fairies body slam her, knocking her to the ground. However, Reimu notices something strange: Orin isn’t using one of the taunts she uses when the battle starts to flow in her favor. Reimu momentarily glances through the group of fairy zombies and notices that Orin’s eyes are closed in concentration. “I see…” She realizes that it is the same case when Alice is controlling an abundance of dolls and she has to devote a lot of her concentration to controlling them, leaving her open.

The fairy zombies fire another volley of energy bullets, which Reimu rolls to the side of, narrowly avoiding harm. Still on the ground, she tosses a needle, which goes very low, under the fairies, and finally, pierces through the fabric of Orin’s dress and sinks into her right shin. Orin’s eyes burst open as she feels the pain, “MEOWCH!” The fairy corpses drop to the ground like ragdolls.

Reimu springs back to her feet and dashes toward Orin. The cat youkai fights back by extending her arm toward the miko and firing a blast of spirit energy, which Reimu deflects by swinging her gohei. Orin attempts to deliver a kick, but Reimu outmaneuvers her by dodging to the side, then stunning the cat youkai by thrusting her staff into her gut, “ACK!”

“It’s… OVER!” Reimu dashes to Orin’s front, and jumps away in a backflip, her foot connecting with the cat youkai’s jaw, launching her several feet upward. The miko finally finishes her combo with a spellcard, “Border World: Hakurei Danmaku Bounded Field!” Several portals open around Orin, and each fire out lasers of holy energy, riddling to cat youkai. After the spell ends, Orin falls to the ground, exhausted and unconscious.

“Whew…” Reimu takes a few seconds to catch her breath, and then runs ahead.

==

I enter the door. Beyond it is a large room. It is round and goes up quite a ways, so it’s almost like being inside a large cylinder. It actually reminds me a lot of the room where I fought Kaguya during the moon incident, except the walls are white, as opposed to the light blue walls, and it stings my eyes a little. Looking at the floor, there is a small hole in the middle of it, and around it, the floor is painted black and yellow, looking like a ‘nuclear’ symbol. I still have a bad feeling about this. However, at the other end of the room, there is another door. I decide to make a move for it.

However, before I’m even halfway across the room, I notice a ball of orange energy shooting down at me from in front and above, I jump back, dodging it, then jump again to dodge another. I look at where they came from.

“Crap! I missed! You’re really annoying you know. You are going to die anyway, but you always pulls some fancy tricks under some lameass idea that you’ll live somehow. It’s so stupid…” I look up at the person who bitched to unreasonable lengths about targets that naturally try to avoid harm: A girl with unkempt long black hair and black eyes, wearing a white shirt with some red eye-like design on it, a short green skirt, and a green hair ribbon… but that’s not all. She also has black wings, reminding me a lot of Aya Shameimaru’s, which she wears a white cape over, and on her right arm, there is an orange… cylinder-shaped… thing… Seriously, what the hell is that thing? It looks like something a robot would have. Her right foot also seems to be encased in something gray, but who cares about that? What’s on her arm?

“Who the hell are you?” I demand.

The girl poses proudly in midair, “My name is Utsuho Reiuji. I am in possession of ultimate power. A power which_”

“Okay, okay!” Damn, this girl is full of herself, “Where is Reimu and Youmu?”

‘Utsuho’ answers, “Oh, they’re somewhere down here, dealing with beings worth less than myself. I hope you said goodbye, because you’re gonna die here! You’ll never see them again!”

“Shut the hell up. I will see them again if I have anything to say about it!”

“Do you know who you’re dealing with?” demands Utsuho, “I have the power of nuclear fusion! There is nothing greater! That is why your life ends here! Whatever power you have can’t compare!” Well, that does sound pretty intimidating, not that I was unprepared, what with all the ‘nuclear’ symbols I’ve been seeing around here. Of course, I was afraid because of the effect it’s had on society in my ‘other’ life. Nuclear energy has proved beneficial to everyday life, but has also been the cause of countless deaths… but whatever. So has water.

I pull a spellcard out of my pocket, “You obviously don’t know me. I’ve seen some pretty impressive powers, and the way I see it, yours is just another for me to overcome. Come and get some!”

“Yahoo! The moment I’ve been waiting for! Taste nuclear death, bitch! Hrahaha!” Utsuho points her ‘arm thing’ at me and begins firing blasts of fire from it. I continuously dodge to the side, “Hold still, dammit! Die with some dignity!” How the hell is standing there and letting myself be killed dignified? She’s weird…

However, it seems like she can only fire off a few shots at a time. There is a break in her attacks, and I declare my spellcard, “Magic Sign: Milky Way!” I fire flurry of magical energy at Utsuho, who tires to dodge, but is too slow (good thing she isn’t as fast as Aya, despite sharing some attributes…)

“UGH!” She gets hit by the magical blasts and crashes into the far wall. She gets back to her feet pretty fast, though, “Ow! That hurt, dammit! How dare you hit me, Utsuho, with such a cheap shot!”

I shrug, “This is a battle and I fought back.”

“Shut up!” Utsuho takes to the air, firing her ‘cannon’ like crazy. I hop on my broom and take to the air as well. We circle around, exchanging blasts of nuclear fire and magical energy. I dodge everything Utsuho sent at me, but the bird youkai get hit by a couple of my attacks, “Shit! Stop dodging! This isn’t fair!”

“It’s not my fault your aim sucks.”

“YOU BITCH! I’m the one with ultimate power, not you! I won’t lose to trash like you! RRAAAGGHHHH!” With a desperate look in her eyes, Utsuho flies straight at me. I hit her with a few magical blasts, but she only winces slightly to them. She swings at me with her ‘cannon’, but I tilt back and dodge it, but the bird presses her melee assault and gets me across the face with a second strike. The impact knocks me off my broom, sailing through the air, slamming against the wall, and falling to the ground, feeling sore and my head ringing… Holy shit… She has some serious pride in her powers… She’s like Cirno, except the fairy has her head on right…

“Ugh. Dammit…”

“Hahaha! You like that?” Utsuho draws a spellcard, “Atomic Fire!” A large ball of energy starts to build at the tip of her ‘cannon,’ “Nuclear Fusion!” She fires the ball at me. I rise to my feet and try to dodge to the side. However, when it hits the corner I was in, a force pulls me in momentarily, and then sends my flying as it creates a somewhat sizable dome-shaped explosion. I hit another wall, near where I dropped my broom.

Utsuho, looking proud of the fact that she fucked me up a little, draws another spellcard, “Try this! Explosion Sign!” More energy gathers at the tip of her cannon. This time, she’s trembling a little, so the next one has to be something big.

I decide to counter with a spell of my own and hope something good comes of it, “Love Sign!”

We both fire off our spells, “Mega Flare!”

“Master Spark!” We both fire large beams at each other, only mine is a golden beam of magical energy and hers is an orange beam of nuclear energy. Our attacks cancel each other out, one not proving to be any more potent than the other.

Well, both of us prove our stubbornness for the next couple rounds of spells, “Magicannon: Final Spark!”

“Explosion Sign: Giga Flare!”

We do the same thing again, only with larger beams, but the result is no different. Finally, I go for my top tier magic beam. Beat this, Utsuho, “Magicannon: Final Master Spark!”

“Explosion Sign: Peta Flare!” One more time, our spells clash. Dammit! Utsuho has one to match my Final Master Spark? Before, when our spells proved ineffective against each other, we stopped and moved up to a higher spell, but this time, we keep going, trying to overpower the other. It looks like Utsuho is on her most powerful beam as well, otherwise she’d just upgrade again… either that, or she’s running out of stamina. I know I am…

We keep pouring more and more energy into our spells. Whenever I try to one-up on Utsuho’s spell, she increases her power, and vice versa. Finally, after one of the longest minutes of my life, we both reach our limit and end our attacks. We’d be out cold of we kept rapidly losing energy like that.

Frankly, it’s time to give up, but Utsuho’s pride, naturally, gets the better of her, “Dammit… I have… ultimate power… I will… not… LOSE!” Utsuho points her ‘cannon’ at me and fires off more shots. However, she is so weak at this point, they are just small bursts of fire, which I intercept and dispel easily with basic magical shots. At this point, the bird youkai looks like she’s on the verge of tears, “No! NO! You don’t have ultimate power… I DO! How can you…”

I force a grin, “It’s not about ‘ultimate power,’ dumbass. I’m just better than you.”

“ARGH! You’re not better than me! I’ll show you!” She pulls a spellcard from her pocket. What? How can she…? “Blazing Star… RRAGH!” Utsuho falls to the ground. She tries to get up, but it seems that her legs are now so weak, they can’t support her weight. She coughs out some blood. She tried using a spellcard when she has too little strength to do so? She’s so proud, it’s stupid…

I let out a long sigh, “It’s over. You’ve lost.”

Apparently, I didn’t choose the right words, because she attempts a REALLY stupid move in retaliation, “I…. have… not… lost… yet…” She moves her hand slowly across the floor to her pocket and pulls out a spellcard, “Die… Last…”

‘Last…’ as in ‘Last Word?’ I extend my arm toward her spellcard, “Oh no, you don’t!” I fire off a very small magical laser, which couldn’t hurt a fairy, but is enough to burn a spellcard.

“No…” Utsuho doesn’t even have the energy to look angry now. She just gives a whimpering expression, then closes her eyes and passes out. I walk toward the exit. Damn, I don’t think I’ve ever seen anyone so desperate, just to win. I enter the doorway, using my broom as a support for my walking, since I feel like shit, due to the energy I expended, though it’s probably nothing compared to Utsuho’s situation. Beyond the door is a corridor of showers and brushes, which I totally welcome. I’m no expert at nuclear physics, but since Utsuho has that kind of power, I wouldn’t be surprised if my body had become irradiated at some point, so this is good. I want to sleep, but right now, I gotta find Reimu and Youmu, wherever they are…

==

In Satori’s chamber, Youmu continuously attempts to attack the mysterious girl, but she keeps dodging with perfect precision, as if she were reading the gardener’s mind, and all other things considered, she just might.

Youmu delivers a horizontal slash, which Satori ducks. She then places her hand on the gardener’s chest and releases a moderately powerful blast of energy, which sends the gardener sailing back, letting go of the Roukanken in surprise, and landing hard on her back, “Ugh… Dammit…” She looks at Satori, “How can you dodge me for so long? No one has ever done that! It’s not fair!”

Satori’s eyes narrow, “I just did, so obviously, someone can. Stop complaining.”

“Gr…”

“Tell me, Youmu. How much do you love your mistress?”

“Why are you asking me this?”

“Answer the question. How much do you love Yuyuko?”

“… With everything I’m worth. I would gladly give my life for her.”

Satori smiles mysteriously, “I see. So that is your answer, is it? Are you truly positive about it?”

“I am!”

“Then let us explore that, shall we?”

Youmu rises to her feet, “What are you talking about?”

“…” Suddenly, Youmu feels a slight draft. A breeze, seemingly coming from Satori’s forehead, lifts her bangs us, revealing a slit.

“Wh…?”

The slit opens, revealing an eye. Satori says, “Let us explore the deeper reaches of your heart…” The eye glows as Youmu looks at it. Suddenly, everything blacks out.

…

Youmu finds herself surrounded by grass and cherry blossom trees, and at the foot of a long flight of stone steps leading up to a palace. She immediately recognizes the location, “The Netherworld… Hakugyokurou? I’m back? What happened to Satori?” Youmu glances at two statues at the bottom of the stairs, which bear a close resemblance to Yuyuko, whom they represent. Youmu briefly recalls her father telling her that he sculpted them himself not long before she was born.

However, no sooner does Youmu have her recollection when there is a bright white flash. Soon after, the heads of the statues fly off and hit the ground with a thud. Youmu’s eyes widen, “What?”

Between the statues, a figure Youmu least expects appears: someone who looks exactly like Youmu, except her dress is blue and her hair is shiny pink. She stands with her own version of the Roukanken drawn.

Youmu is speechless at the sight of the other Youmu, “Wh… who… why…”

The other Youmu smiles, “Just the reaction I’d expect. It’s not everyday something like this happens. Tell me, how did you feel when I cut through those statues?”

Youmu recovers from her shock and her eyes narrow, “How dare you? How could you disrespect Yuyuko-sama in such a way? Especially when you LOOK exactly like me? Are you some evil fake created by Satori? Answer me!”

The other Youmu sighs, “I was going to answer you anyway. You didn’t have to tell me to. As for me being fake… well, it takes one to know one, doesn’t it? Admit it, you actually LIKED what I did, didn’t you?”

“WHAT?” 

A few weeks following Sakuya’s encounter with the mysterious entity that had the ability to assume the forms and powers of the Gensokyo residents that vanished along with the dream, the ex-maid meets up with Yukari to discuss the matter.

That night, the two of them stand on the roof of a skyscraper and look out at the illuminated cityscape.

“Indeed a far cry from our former home,” notes Yukari, referring to the city, “If Gensokyo lived on, would it look like this someday? I can only imagine…”

Sakuya asks, “Yukari, what do you think of that figure that attacked me? She seems interested in reuniting Reimu and Marisa and setting Kaguya and Mokou free. I don’t know why. It just seems that she has something to gain out of that…”

“Anything else worth noting? I never met that person, but I find her fascinating. From what you described, she most certainly is a link to the non-existent Gensokyo…”

Sakuya recalls, “Before she left, she turned into a rabbit youkai. Not the kind that Tei and the other Gensokian rabbits are, but more like Reisen. She also referred to Kaguya with a tone of familiarity…”

“Sounds like a Lunarian,” says Yukari, “But what do they have to do with Gensokyo. Sure, they wanted to invade it, but…”

“At any rate, our objectives seem to coincide, so I doubt we’re enemies. She really wants us to hurry in reuniting them…”

“We’re in no rush, Sakuya. Kaguya and Mokou are immortal. They can stand to wait…”

“Are you sure we can’t just take them to you and reuniting them by going through the boundary?”

Yukari shakes her head, “Theoretically, we could, but humans of this realm are shallow things. They are terrified of the unknown. As they are, I doubt they will cooperate that way, plus they don’t remember who they once were…”

“Whoever the rabbit was, though, something tells me she may have different ideas…”

“Just keep watching over Marisa, along with Alice and Cirno. The time will come. You’ll see.”

“Understood…”

==

CONCEALED THE CONCLUSION, part 2: Embodiment of Dreams


I rush out my house and head en route to school. Yeah, I am late! It hadn’t happened before moving, when I could just wake up, get dressed, and head to school, eating breakfast there. Now it’s waking up, getting dressed into a school uniform, which has more pieces of clothing than casual clothes do, eat breakfast, because my new school doesn’t serve it there, then head on over! Damn it! I run as fast as I can, my wavy blonde hair riding the wind my speed produces.

My name is Marisa Starr. I recently turned 17 and my life is pretty typical… well, from anyone else’s viewpoint, that is. About a year ago, I was in an accident, which caused me to fall into a coma for a few months. Not too long after, my dad, who I don’t see often as it is, got a new higher-paying job, which caused us to move. I used to attend a public school, but because I don’t fit in well with anyone, mostly due to my tomboyish nature, they decided to transfer me to an all-girls private school, hoping that I’d be able to make some friends, which is even worse, because most of those girls are stuck-up bitches, not to mention that, and this is between us, I tend to be attracted to girls, rather than guys, which makes me all the more awkward! I guess you could say that I’m a lesbian, not that I outright announced that to the world. It’s my secret, and now yours too.

The town I live in… well, there is not much to say about it. It’s pretty typical. There is a LOT of green. Green grass on the ground, green leaves on the trees, green bushes seem to be a popular decoration around buildings. All in all, it’s a pretty secluded place, peaceful even, not that I’m complaining. At least I prefer it to the big city, so it’s all good, despite being a little boring.

I rush up to the front gate of the school after dashing through a few blocks. The outer walls of the main building are white, and the roof is blue. It was built only a few years ago, so it’s pretty tidy, as opposed to my old public school, which was basically a hellhole from a cleanness standpoint, so even if I’m awkward around all the other snobs that attend this place, it’s still a fresh environment. All the students there wear the same kind of uniform: A white collared button-up shirt under a blue wool vest with a pocket on the front of it, a medium-length skirt, which is blue and green with a checker-like design, black dress shoes with blue socks that come up just below the knees. Finally, a gold badge (or shiny yellow plastic that is supposed to pass as gold) with the school’s insignia on it.

In front of the gate, my two friends wait for me: Cirno Izayoi and Alice Margatroid. I was half-lying when I said that I didn’t fit in the private school. Not long after I attended, those two joined at the same time. They instantly wanted to be friends with me for some strange reason. Unlike all the other girls at the school, they are actually pretty nice. The three of us always stick together, plus we have all the same classes. With my personality, it’s not easy to make friends, so I treasure the ones I do make.

“Heeeeey!” Cirno is 12 years old and has blue eyes and short blue hair complimented by a green ribbon. While my school is high school level, Cirno was allowed in because she’s some kinda “child prodigy.” The school board can believe whatever the hell they want about her, but I think they screwed up. Cirno isn’t really all that bright. In fact, one would say that she’s a little… stupid. Most of the time, she has to peek at Alice’s or my test papers to pass. She also wears a large backpack ALL the time, even when she’s sitting at her desk. She sometimes gets bullied by the other girls because of that. Still, we often play games together and that’s always a good time.

“Good morning, Marisa!” Alice is 18 years old and has bright blue eyes and short blonde hair with a red headband. She’s a bright girl, but she really doesn’t talk to anyone besides me and Cirno. During class, she’s usually off in her own little world. She likes dolls; probably too much for someone her age; something she gets made fun of sometimes by the other students, but she usually ignores those bitches. She’s really cute when she smiles, seldom as that is.

“What’s up?” I ask, “You two didn’t have to wait for me. I’m late and if you’re waiting for me here, you’ll be late too!”

“Whatever,” says Cirno, “We’re always together! If you’re late, then we’ll be late too.”

I turn to Alice, “Are you okay with that?”

Alice says with a slight shrug, “I really don’t care…”

“Anyways, let’s get to class.”

We enter the school building. While there is a lot of green on the outside, there is a lot of blue and white on the inside. As this is a new school, there are empty racks reserved for whatever prizes this school is bound to win. All there is so far are some plaques for academic achievement and a few chess championships, as well as a couple trophies for ranking in some fencing tournaments.

On our way to our homeroom, one student passes going the opposite direction and sneers, “The loser trio is late again. You’re so pathetic!”

Alice pretends to ignore her, Cirno gives her a mean look, and I extend my arm in the bitch’s direction, and extend my middle finger, “Fuck you, Ashley.”

“My name is Melissa!”

“Whatever. Your name is Shitbitch for all I care.” We get bullshit like this a lot. This is why I hate my schoolmates outside of Alice and Cirno: Everyone acts like we’re inferior because our families aren’t quite as distinguished. In fact, the three of us are probably the only students here that don’t act that way, which is all the better that we hang around each other all the time: We can always reassure one another.

Cirno smiles at me, as if to say, ‘Yeah, you sure told her off!’

Alice says, “Honestly, Marisa. You could have picked a better way to resolve that scenario…”

I respond, “Sometimes, you just have to do what I just did. If you don’t stand up for yourself, they will just pick on you some more. You have to prove that you’re not the kind of person to just stand there and take that kind of crap.”

Another student passes by, saying to Alice condescendingly, “Nice headband, bitch! Did you get that out of a dumpster?”

“…” Alice grits her teeth in annoyance, but says nothing.

I stand up for Alice, “No, she didn’t. Is that where you got your face?”

“Ah!” The girl looks at me, genuinely insulted, and stomps off in a rage.

“And don’t come back!” yells Cirno in a way that, honestly, makes me look less cool.

Alice pauses, smiles, and then giggles a little. She’s so cute like that! “Hahaha!”

“What’s so funny?”

“Nothing! You are just exactly how I remembered you.”

“’Remembered?’”

“Oh… It’s nothing. Forget I said anything.”

“Anyway, you should have said something like I just did. People like her pride themselves on their appearance and look down on others in that regard. You have to hit them where it hurts!”

Alice responds, “Garbage like her is not worth wasting my words on.”

“Ouch!” exclaim me and Cirno at the same time, impressed by Alice’s logic.

We arrive at class and promptly receive our third tardy in a row. One more and it’s detention. Damn. We sit at our desks, in the back of the class, me sitting in the far right corner, facing from the front of the room, Alice in front of me and Cirno to my left. Every class is the same: a lecture where I sit bored, Cirno, being the smart one for once, reading comics, hiding them from the teacher’s sight with a textbook, and Alice daydreaming or asleep. She usually has to ask the teacher to repeat herself when asked a question. That is how each class goes.

Before long, it’s lunchtime. As expected from our ‘mindblowing’ popularity, we get a cafeteria table all to ourselves. After each of us eats a meager mid-day meal, Cirno’s food of choice being ice cream, Alice lifts her book bag onto the table and pulls out a miniature chess set. We decide to play a game. We only have 20 minutes left to play, and most people would probably not be able to finish a game in that time, but not Alice. Either she’s too good or I suck that badly, probably both, but she always beats me in a timely fashion. The game ends in 17 minutes with my king’s escape route cut off by two of my own pawns and opposed by one of Alice’s rooks.

“Checkmate.”

“Dammit! I lose again!” I’ve never beaten Alice at chess. To make matters worse, I always lose to Cirno at VIDEO GAMES!

Cirno gives me a reassuring pat on the back, “You did good, Marisa.”

“Do you even know HOW to play this game, Cirno?”

“No…”

“Then don’t say anything.”

Alice puts the chess set away, “Well, class will be starting again soon.”

Shit! I lost to Cirno at IaMP over the weekend and I lost to Alice at chess today! The score will not go unsettled! “Alice! Fencing! After school! Be there!”

There is a few seconds of silence between us. Finally, Cirno asks, “So… um… what will we do when we graduate?” She gives Alice the sort of glance that indicates something that is just between two people, but whatever.

Alice says, “Personally, I want to study abroad in Japan.”

“Me too! It’s like you read my mind!” says Cirno.

Alice and Cirno both look at me longingly. I respond, “Wh-what?”

“I want you to come too,” says Alice, somewhat direct.

“We won’t take ‘no’ for an answer,” adds Cirno.

“Well…” Going abroad with my friends? It doesn’t sound like a bad plan at all, still… “I’ll think about it…”

Before anymore words can be added, the bell rings.

A couple more hours pass. At long last, the final bell rings. Cirno decides to head straight home, while Alice, who accepted my challenge, and I head to the gym, then to the locker room to change into white fencing clothes and masks.

The school prides itself on two things: chess and fencing, so obviously, the team is practicing, the sounds of their clashing blades echoing through the gymnasium. Still, Alice and I get our own strip to play on, as no one wants to be anywhere near ‘losers like Marisa Starr and Alice Margatroid.’

We decide to do epee, the ‘anything goes’ style. Without anyone to referee the match, we’re left to our own devices, but we stay as close to the rules as possible, though the team members occasionally mock the way we play.

“En garde!” The ‘battle’ begins! I take the initiative and advance toward Alice, who attempts to counterattack, but I feint my move, retreating out of her range, then quickly advancing again and performing a lunge, twirling my blade so it connects with Alice’s left thigh, “Touche!”

“I won’t fall for that twice!” A new round begins and Alice goes on the offensive. She attempts a straight on attack, which I parry, then attempts to strike at my right knee. She’s using her strategy, but unfortunately for her, I’m faster. I quickly step back and riposte, my blade connecting with her mask, around the right eye area. Good thing fencing has this equipment.

We keep playing well past when the team leaves. Needless to say, I won. Alice may kick ass at chess, and Cirno may kick ass at video games, but I kick ass at fencing. After my two previous losses, I feel pretty good to have won a round, even if it is within my area of expertise. Also, Cirno never played us at chess or fencing, probably because she’s too dim to win at chess and too short to win at fencing. I like fencing. It emulates a fight and that’s always a good way to let off steam. I’ve probably only been in real fights twice in my lifetime (surprisingly not against other students here), but part of me felt good at those times.

We change back into our school uniforms. Alice wipes the sweat off her forehead, “Good game. Are you satisfied?”

“Hell yeah,” I respond, wiping off some sweat of my own. That was quite a workout.

We head home. We walk out of the school and it’s already dark out, the full moon shining down from above. We walk toward the school gates. There aren’t any homes around for quite a ways, but the street lamps give off plenty of light. The coolness of the night and the gentle breeze refreshes us after those furious hours of swordfighting.

We walk out the gate and turn left onto the main road, which passes in front of the school.

We walk a few steps, when suddenly, a figure appears before us. Huh? Where did it come from? I didn’t even see it. It’s like it came out of nowhere.

Alice’s eyes widen and she steps backward, “It can’t be…?”

I look at the figure: It’s a girl, about 14, with blue hair, and wearing an elegant pink dress and a pink hat that no one around here would be caught dead wearing… But screw that! On her back, there is a pair of bat-like wings, and it’s more than a costume, because she’s slightly hovering off the ground, and red claws extending from her fingers. She also has eyes that are a red as blood. She smirks slightly, giving me a view of her teeth, which have fangs like those of a cat.

I say to the girl what is on my mind, “What the hell are…?”

Alice cuts me off, saying, “You’re… Remilia Scarlet!”

“Do you know her?” I ask Alice.

“…”

The weird girl, ‘Remilia’ says, looking at me, “We meet at last, Marisa Starr.”

“Wh-who are you? WHAT are you?”

Remilia smirks deviously, “I’m a vampire and I vant to suck your blood. BLAH!” As she makes her cliché reference, she flies at me. However, Alice steps between us and a few things that look like dolls appear around her. That’s right, APPEAR, as in materialize out of thin air! As if that wasn’t weird enough, the dolls, moving on their own, hold out their arms and circles that seem to be made completely of light appear in front of them. From those circles, multicolored ‘shots’ pour out toward Remilia, who deflects a few with her claws, then backs off, putting some distance between herself and Alice.

I back away from Alice, shocked and scared of what I just witnessed. My heart starts to pound so hard, I can hear it. Tears stream from my eyes. Just what the fuck is going on? “Alice, just what the fuck ARE you?”

Alice says after a long hesitation, “Stay back, Marisa…” She pulls something that looks like a piece of paper with a weird symbol on it out of her uniform’s front pocket “… I’ll handle her.”

Remilia smirks at me, “Funny, Marisa. I recall you having more bravado than this…” Her eyes turn to Alice, “Alright, Alice Margatroid, entertain me!”

‘Recall?’ What the hell? I never saw her before in my life!

Remilia lunges at Alice and strikes with her claws, which my now-mysterious ‘friend’ dodges to the right, jumps backward, raises her piece of paper, and declares, “Magipulation!” The slip disappears, and in its place, a doll radiating some kind of blue light appears. “Return Inanimateness!” She tosses the doll at Remilia; it connects and explodes in a large blue burst. The weird winged girl is sent reeling backward and crashes into the school’s outer wall, leaving a sizable dent. Damn! I didn’t think Alice could fight like that!

Even though I’d imagine the blow Remilia just received would hurt like a bitch, she just grins, not showing much pain, “Pretty good, Alice! Now…” She stretches her hand out in Alice’s direction, “Red Magic!” From her hand, several round ‘shots’ fly out, quickly escalating from a volley to an outright salvo.

Alice won’t dodge in time. Hell, I have faster reflexes and I couldn’t. In defense, Alice raises her arms in front of her upper body and face. She gets hit by several of the blasts, each one appearing to impact her like getting hit by a baseball flying from a pitching machine, also, even from where I am, on the side, it felt pretty hot when Remilia started using that attack. The shots that fly past Alice keep going into the woods behind her, either crashing into trees or knocking off branches.

Remilia’s attack ends, then, as the weirdness can’t possibly end where it is now, SPLITS into a swarm of bats, which disperses. I guess she really IS a vampire!

Alice, appearing to be in a bit of pain, and small amounts of smoke emerging from the places where she had been hit, lowers her defensive stance, looks where Remilia was, “Where…?”

The bats gather again behind the unsuspecting Alice and Remilia completely reappears and prepares to slash with her claws.

“Alice! Behind you!” I cry out.

“Ah!” Alice glances behind her, and, noticing Remilia about to attack, ducks down and avoids the attack, then jumping back, putting some distance between them.

“Haha!” However, Remilia presses her assault, and dashes toward Alice, slashing her across her upper chest.

“Ah!” Alice staggers backward, holding where she was just struck, blood streaming down the front of her school uniform and dripping onto the ground, making this whole thing look even more intense. I think I’m going to be sick…

Remilia delivers a kick to Alice, knocking her off her feet, and then turns her attention toward me. I’m shivering in fear and thus, I don’t have the reflexes I usually do, which explains why I didn’t react when Remilia leaps toward me, tackles me, and pins me to the ground. She tries to wrestle me down and she’s succeeding. For someone who looks to be 14, damn she’s strong! “Stay out of this! I’m going to shut you up!”

My fear is reaching such a point that I’m starting to feel dizzy. I whimper, rather pathetically, “Alice… help me…”

“Zero Sign!” A familiar juvenile voice cries out from behind.

“Hm?” Remilia stops wrestling me down and sits up on top of me.

“Ice Vulcan!” Suddenly, several small sharp crystals, which look like ice fly into Remilia’s chest, the force knocking her off me and onto her back.

Alice returns to her feet, “Whew. You made it!”

I look behind me and see Cirno standing with her right arm stretched out, light blue smoke rising from her palm.

“Cirno?”

Cirno calls out happily, “Heeeey! Marisa? Are you okay?”

I get back up, “Ye-yeah…” I never thought that my life would be saved by CIRNO, of all people!

Alice says, “She has to be the one that_”

Suddenly, Alice’s words are cut off as Remilia returns to her feet. Blood is running down her front, but she’s alive. No fucking way! No one could have survived that (although I’m a little relieved, as I thought I was going to faint if she was killed before my eyes)! She looks over me shoulder at Cirno, “Another annoyance! Die!” She dashes past me and toward Cirno.

Cirno, who seems to be almost as scared as I am, not that I feel she has a right to, raises her arms in front of her reflexively, “EEK!”

SWIP! Suddenly, an object shoots down in front of the vampire, stopping her in her tracks. I look at the ground. It’s a knife, which has to be pretty damn sharp as it just pierced through concrete. I look beyond to who I assume had thrown it. Past Cirno, standing on a branch extending out from a tree is a girl with mid-back length silver hair and blue eyes, wearing a pretty standard baggy white t-shirt and blue jeans, holding a few knives between her fingers. She’s Sakuya Izayoi, Cirno’s mom… or at least that’s what Cirno CLAIMS she is, although I call bullshit on that, as that’s just wrong on too many levels. She and Cirno live in a cheap apartment and I visited a couple times. She has fantastic cooking and she’s equally skilled at keeping the place tidy. I swear she could easily become someone’s maid.

With a rather dynamic pose, Sakuya says, “Hold it right there!”

Remilia responds, “Sakuya… you dare attack your own mistress?”

“My mistress disappeared with Gensokyo! You are nothing but an imposter!”

Remilia makes a fist, “You may be right, but my powers are very damned real!”

Alice runs past, stopping by Cirno’s side. Sakuya jumps down from her perch and lands next to Cirno and Alice. Cirno throws off her backpack, revealing a pair of crystalline WINGS! Well, hell. Why not? There isn’t much left to be surprised about.

“Remain at a safe distance, Marisa,” advises Sakuya.

“Okay…” I take a few steps back.

“Try me…” Remilia raises her arm into the air, “Spear the Gungnir!” A large spear-shaped object, made completely out of red ‘energy,’ for lack of a better term, appears in her hand.

“You were right, Sakuya,” says Alice, “She can use spells without a spellcard. She did the same thing before you arrived too.”

“We can discuss this later,” says Sakuya, “Get ready!”

“HAAAAA!” Remilia charges at Alice, Cirno, and Sakuya. Alice nod at Cirno and both of them retreat several feet while Sakuya holds her ground. Remilia gets within range to attack ‘Cirno’s mom’ and swings her spear. However, Sakuya dodges the attack by jumping away and ascending so high off the ground, she puts pro basketball players to shame! She performs half a midair back flip to the point where she’s upside-down and twirls 180 degrees so she’s facing Remilia, and tosses two handfuls of knives (which just seemed to come out of nowhere, like Alice’s dolls) down at the vampire, who parries all of them with her spear. “Hm?” Around the same time, though, a knife materializes in front of Remilia and flies toward her (where the hell did THAT come from?) Remilia sidesteps at the last possible second, the blade just grazing her hip.

Sakuya flips back upright and lands on her feet at the same time that Alice draws another slip of weird paper, “War Sign!” About five dolls armed with swords and two dolls armed with lances appear, “Doll’s War!” As Remilia’s guard is lowered by Sakuya’s attack, Alice’s attack flies in and the sword dolls spin and pass the vampire, cutting her several times. Finally, the lance dolls shoot at her like rockets and skewer her at the same time, then disappearing.

“Ugh! Fuck!” Remilia staggers back.

“It’s my turn!” Cirno charges at Remilia and draws her own piece of paper. I guess Alice isn’t the only one who can use those. “Cryo Si_” However, Remilia recovers amazingly fast and swings her spear, knocking Cirno to the side and headfirst against the school’s outer wall, “Whaaa! Why am I the odd one out?” The impact caused Cirno to let go of her paper and a passing breeze causes it to flutter to my feet.

I kneel down and pick it up, “How do these…?” Somehow, I feel stronger by holding it.

The battle rages on. No matter what kind of punishment Remilia receives, she always recovers like nothing happened. The vampire lifts off the ground and into the air. Cirno, being the one with wings, follows her up, but is promptly kicked back to the ground. Moving like lightning, Remilia strikes at the nearby streetlamps, causing everything to go pitch-black.

“I can’t see anything!” screams Cirno.

“But I can see you with my vampire eyes,” taunts Remilia.

I hear a sound like a blade tearing through flesh, followed by a yell from Sakuya, “ARGGGH!”

The scream is followed by the noise of a blade cutting through empty air. Remilia’s voice, now a considerable distance away from where Sakuya screamed says, “Nice try, Sakuya, but face it, you can’t win against what you can’t see.”

Alice says, confidently, “You really think that beat us? Think again, vampire!”

“What?”

“Flame Sign: Luminous Candle Dolls!” Suddenly, several dolls holding candles appear all over the place, providing light. Granted, it’s not as good as the lamps, but whatever. We can see again.

“Gr…” Remilia swings her spear at one of the dolls, but it moves back, avoiding the attack.

Alice yells, “Sakuya! Cirno! I need to focus to make this spell last! I’m sorry, but it’s up to the two of you now!”

The battle continues, now with Alice having about as much physical participation in the battle as I am.

Before, it seemed like they had a good shot at defeating Remilia, but now with Alice out of action, it look even, with the odds tipped slightly in Remilia’s favor. I tremble again. Shit! If they die, will I be next? However, my pessimism is interrupted but some weird… visions. They feel spontaneous, but also… somewhat nostalgic: Battles, not unlike the one I’m witnessing. From the point of view I’m in, I’m also a part of them. A lot of them have people I haven’t seen, but also some I have seen. I see Alice, though she is wearing a long blue dress with red ribbons, Sakuya, though she’s dressed like a maid. How appropriate. There is also a platinum-haired girl with swords I see several times in the visions, but who I’ve never seen before, and… a girl in white and red, though her face is blurred. Who IS she? What the hell am I seeing?

The battle rages on. I look at the piece of paper Cirno dropped, focus, and suddenly, two words spontaneously escape my lips: “Love… Sign…” The card disappears and suddenly, I feel intense energy inside me. It feels like it’s pressing against the inside my right palm, begging to be unleashed. More illogical visions. I look at Remilia right ahead, not suspecting anything from me. I direct my open right hand in her direction, with my left hand around the arm to control my trembling. Finally, I utter two more words: “MASTER SPARK!” Out of my palm, a massive beam flies out.

Remilia instantly turns her head in my direction, wide-eyed, “WHAT THE HELL?” The beam slams into her, knocking her head-first through the outer wall.

My attack ends with scentless smoke rising from my hand. Despite the power I felt before, I suddenly feel weak. I slump down, “What…? What did I just…?”

Alice looks at me, the candles flickering slightly, “Marisa! You just…?”

Sakuya asks a question I don’t get, “Are you starting to remember?”

Cirno also look impressed, “Is Kirisame back?”

“What the hell are you talking about? You know something, right? What did I just do?”

Before anyone can say anything, Remilia emerges from the hole in the wall, “Heh… heh… Well done, Marisa. Looks like you’re starting to recall some things…” Suddenly, her form changes, her injuries as Remilia disappearing: She turns into a girl, who looks about 25, with red eyes and short red hair, who wears a black business suit, black slacks, and a small pair of glasses. However, like her previous form, something isn’t entirely human about her: She also has a pair of rabbit ears extending from her head “… I hope you reunite with HER soon.”

“It really is you again!” yells Sakuya, “Just what do you hope to gain from this?”

“Do you need to know? What the hell could you do with that information anyway? Our objectives are the same. Quit fucking around and see for yourself.”

Cirno charges at the rabbit-girl, “I’ll beat what you know outta you!”

Suddenly, a spear materializes in the rabbit’s hand. It’s not made of ‘energy,’ like Remilia’s, but rather, more like a plain metal spear, though with a somewhat large blade. She points the weapon mere millimeters away from Cirno’s throat, “Touch me, and you’ll be breathing from THREE places, fairy. Comprende?”

“Uh huh…” Cirno backs away.

“At any rate, I’ve done what I came here to do. Looks like all is well. Ciao!”

“Wait!” Alice calls out, “Just who are you? WHAT are you?”

The girl answers, “You can call me Yumei. That is all. Remember, Marisa. This is not a dream… not anymore.” With that, she vanishes into thin air.

“’Yumei…’”

I get back up and walk over to Alice. I would have grabbed her by the collar if I didn’t know that she is capable of cutting me down with an army of armed dolls, “Okay, just what the HELL was all that about? I almost got killed! Out with it!”

Sakuya hesitantly says, “You’ve seen everything. There’s no use in hiding it anymore…”

“Just fucking tell me!” I’m not angry. Not really. I’m just frightened and confused. However, those feelings are intense enough right now to be interpreted as anger.

Alice explains, “Marisa… a year ago, when you were in a coma, you were leading a very different life than you are now.”

“What? What life? The only life I was leading was ‘being asleep and depressing.’” I don’t know why I’m saying this. I just feel the need to joke, usually in a vain attempt to keep me from going overboard with emotion.

“You were dreaming,” says Cirno.

“What?”

Sakuya picks up, “You… and a certain other girl who met an identical mishap were dreaming the same dream. However, it was no ordinary dream.”

“How so?”

“It was more than a dream world. It was a dimension. I don’t know how that got to be the case, but it was. A lot of people… including Alice and Cirno, were born from that dream. Also, there have been some outsiders that became a part of it… like me.”

Cirno gives another small tidbit, “That dream world was called Gensokyo.”

“Gen… so… kyo…?”

Alice says, “Right. It was a dream that transcended time, and had thousands of years of history. You lived there for 18 years as a witch named Marisa Kirisame.”

“What? You’re shitting me, right?”

Alice answers, “I’m not ‘shitting’ you, Marisa. I know it’s a farfetched story, but it’s true. When you woke up, Gensokyo was no more. Only a few of us escaped.”

I want to protest more, but after what I’ve seen, can I argue? Right in front of me, there is a girl that controls battle dolls, a girl with wings, and a girl… well, I don’t even know…

Alice explains, approaching me, “Marisa, we need your help. Two of our friends are trapped in_”

“Stay away from me!” I shove Alice away.

“Marisa?” says Cirno.

“My coma is done and over with and I want to forget that ever happened! It was just a dream and its over! This is a dream too! It HAS to be! None of this is possible! Nothing is realistic about it!”

Sakuya speaks up, “I know it’s hard to_”

“SHUT UP! You’re nothing but fictional characters! You shouldn’t even exist!” Alice and Cirno both look deeply hurt by my words, but I’m more concerned about myself right now “… Just stay the hell away from me! I never want to see you again!” I run away, frightened and thoroughly freaked out.

==

Cirno starts to chase after Marisa, “Wait! Marisa!”

Sakuya puts her hand on the ice fairy’s shoulder, “Let her go for now. Yukari was right, humans in this realm are terrified of the unknown. I think what we should do right now is let her be for awhile, let her calm down, and confirm that all of this is not a dream.”

Alice looks crestfallen, “Marisa…”

I run home. I pass by some people out for a late night stroll, asking me what the matter is. I don’t answer. Why should I? This is nothing but a dream! A fantasy!

I return home. I don’t even eat dinner, brush my teeth, or get changed. I just jump into bed. When I wake up, it will be a brand new day. Alice and Cirno are just ordinary classmates and we will have fun as always!

… Right? 

At an initial glance, everything appears simple, but behind all that, there is a much deeper meaning.

What is the true nature of “life?” What is the true nature of “death?” What is the true nature of “existence?”

Are we who we think we are? Do you know who you are?

Do the things we believe we see, hear, taste, feel, and smell truly are what we believe? Are they what we think they are? Is there a grander meaning behind all the things we take for granted?

What is the universe? What are the possibilities? 
I’m flying on my broomstick at roughly 45 miles per hour across a lake to an island; an island I have visited many times before, all for the same reason, save the very first time, and this time is no different.

My blonde hair blows in the wind and I keep my large black pointed hat from flying off by holding it down with my left hand.

My name is Marisa Kirisame, magician extraordinaire! The world I live in is known as Gensokyo. It is a land that was originally inhabited by youkai until humans started living in it as well. Youkai come in many forms. Most of them are unintelligent creatures that try to live by eating humans, but there are others that are very intelligent and sometimes can’t be told apart from humans in any easy sense. My best friend Reimu, a miko, and I used to live by hunting youkai that endanger human lives, but since then, we’ve befriended quite a few of the stronger youkai in Gensokyo.

I am on my way to Scarlet Devil Mansion, a castle-like building, which is the home of one of those said youkai, a vampire named Remilia Scarlet. Besides Remilia, however, there are also a number of other residents that live there: Aside from its staff of maids, composed purely of low-level youkai, there is Flandre Scarlet, Remilia’s younger sister, who is insane and can cause horrifying amounts of destruction when she gets angry or wants to have some sadistic fun. However, she is usually spoiled, and thus, docile. She also seems to have a crazed crush on me, much to my dismay. Another resident is Hong Meiling, who guards the mansion’s front gate, who is an expert martial artist and can control her chi. There is also Patchouli Knowledge, who lives in the mansion’s library and spends most of her time reading, which makes sense, considering she’s not in the best of health. She can cast powerful elemental spells, however. Lastly, there is Sakuya Izayoi, the sole human in Scarlet Devil Mansion, who works as the head maid. She’s good with knives and can control time to a degree. Even though she’s generally viewed as Remilia’s loyal dog, Reimu and I have a better relationship with her than anyone else in the mansion. Remilia once tried to cover Gensokyo in a red mist, blocking out the sun, which is fatal to vampires like her and Flandre. Of course, this caused crops to stop growing and everything to become cold. Reimu and I fought through the mansion and convinced Remilia to recall her mist. Later, Flandre escaped the mansion and attacked a village. After a rough battle, Reimu and I stopped her and brought her home. Since then, Sakuya had been an ally of ours in stopping subsequent disasters that befell Gensokyo.

While I’m on generally friendly terms with Scarlet Devil Mansion’s residents, Patchouli doesn’t like me stealing books from her library. She’s very protective of them, so it’s probably useless to ask to borrow them. Well, that’s what I plan to do. Sneak into the library and steal some books without getting caught. No big deal. After all, she’s a youkai and I’m a human, so between us, I’ll probably die first, at which point, no one is going to stop her from taking her things back… Of course, considering Patchouli’s resistance to diseases, or lack thereof, I just might outlast her, at which point, her books will be all mine!

The island shortly comes into sight, along with the mansion, which always surprises me by how big it is, even though I’ve been here many times before. Within minutes, I’m close to the front gate. Standing in front of it is a red-headed girl wearing a green Chinese dress, the door guard, Hong Meiling. She’s a youkai, even though she looks exactly like a human. In fact, there are quite a few youkai that are hard to tell from humans. Even though she’s pretty tough as youkai go, she’s pretty easy to get past. From a distance, I observe Meiling’s posture. She’s leaning against the wall next to the gate. I pause for a few seconds and I hear her snore. Bingo! She tends to take naps on the job, which makes things easier for me. I fly over the gate and slowly open the front door. I sneak across the vacant lobby, which is the closest location leading to the library. I made it this far. It would be bad if I get caught now…

“EEEK! You’re…!” A fairy maid comes out of one of the guest rooms to the side. Shit!

“Sorry,” I say as I extend my hand toward the maid and fire a small blast of magical energy from my hand, knocking the fairy out cold. I hope her scream didn’t alert others in the mansion. I run to the door leading down to the library.

After descending a long flight of spiral stairs, I’m in the mansion’s basement, where all the books are kept. It has a ton of tall bookcases, making the place feel like a maze. Without them, however, you could make an underground gymnasium out of the place. I tiptoe around, trying to remain silent. Patchouli rarely leaves this room, so she’s here… somewhere… I just have to get what I’m after and split. After a few minutes, I find what I’m looking for: a book entitled ‘Elemental Spells.’ I’ve wanted that one for a while, but it’s so deep in the library, that there’s a high risk of getting caught. I must be lucky today. I remove the book, which is about 1,638 pages thick, from the shelf, but suddenly, I hear a high pitched noise, which makes me flinch upon hearing it. Suddenly, all the bookshelves lower into the ground, completely blowing my cover. In front of me, beyond where the bookshelf was, there is a girl with long purple hair and pale skin, wearing something that looks like a nightgown: Patchouli Knowledge herself. Behind her, there is a red-haired girl with bat-like wings extending from her head, wearing a black dress: Patchouli’s assistant, Koakuma.

Aware of my situation, I mutter, “Oh fuck…”

Patchouli says, in her one-tone voice, “Marisa Kirisame. That alarm indicates one thing: you tried to steal my book on elemental spells.”

I shrug and say, “Yes. Why is there an alarm for that one?”

Patchouli’s eyes narrow, “I’m sure even you can figure out that book, which I read seventy years ago, taught me the magic I wield today. I take it you had the goal in mind to mimic my spells?”

I answer, “Well, yeah. That was kinda what I was planning…”

Patchouli says, “I may be a sickly girl who spends 95.8% of her time in this basement, but even I have pride in my abilities and I intend to be the only one in Gensokyo who wields elemental magic. I shall keep that book from entering the outside world… through force if needed. Koakuma.”

Koakuma steps up, “Yes, Miss Knowledge?”

“Stop Marisa.”

“Understood,” Koakuma pulls a piece of paper with a complex character painted on it out of her pocket. It’s a spell card. Among Gensokyo’s higher-level residents, those are a common tool in combat. There is only so much someone can do on their own, so spell cards are used to extend that limit. They provide their users with extra energy, so they can cast high-level spells or techniques. They require a degree of the user’s energy too, however, so overusing them can be disastrous. “Cold Sign!” She makes her initial declaration. The spell card turns into blue energy, which fills Koakuma, which indicates that’s she can make the actual casting of her spell at any time. She extends her hand toward me, “Icicle Mist!” Several tiny blades of ice form around Koakuma out of thin air and fly toward me.

I jump back, throwing the book to the side and pulling out a spell card of my own, “Magic Sign!” My card turns into gold and violet energy, which flows into me. I feel more powerful and energized. The first time, it was the greatest sensation in the world, but it became a regular feeling every subsequent time. I extend my hand toward Koakuma, “Stardust Reverie!” The energy in my body converts into a flurry of blasts of magic in the shape of stars. I feel a split second of dizziness, but recover instantly, with only a slight decrease in my physical stamina. My stars intercept Koakuma’s icicles. I jump to the side, dodging the icy blades that got through my counterattack, but Koakuma isn’t as fast and she gets bombarded by my attack. She gets knocked off her feet and hits the floor back-first, defeated. Well, since I’ve been caught and I’m being fought by two librarians, I might as well enjoy this. I look at Patchouli, “C’mon, Patch! Are you gonna have your little bitch fight your battles for you?”

Patchouli responds, “I was merely trying to wear you down so I can defeat you easily.”

I grin, “Well it didn’t work very well. I’m good to go for several more rounds.”

“We shall see…” Patchouli draws a spell card, “Metal & Water Sign.” Gray and blue energy fills Patchouli, “Mercury Poison.” A terrible smell fills the room as a shiny green blob of liquid metal appears in front of the librarian. A spiked tentacle shoots out of the blob and toward me. I roll to the side and take to the air on my broomstick. It will be bad of that thing touches me! “There is no escape, Marisa.” Patchouli’s blob sends several tentacles lashing at me. I stay ahead of most of them, but one intercepts me, knocking my broomstick out from under me. I plummet down toward the blob.

Shit! Not good! Not good at all! In a ditch effort, I thrust my hand toward Patchouli’s face and fire a white laser. The librarian staggers back and her blob vanishes as I distracted her enough to break her focus on her spell. With the spell broken, I hit the wooden floor with a thud. “Owwww…” Damn! That still fucking hurt!

“Ahh! Marisa…” Patchouli covers her face with her hands, trying to regain her proper vision. I take advantage of her stunned state and draw another spell card.

“Love Sign!” Golden energy flows into me. I jump toward Patchouli and thrust my hand toward her at point-blank, “Master Spark!” I fire a large beam of magical energy, which sends Patchouli flying toward the back of the library.

“AHHHHHH!” She hits one of the large bookshelves on the edge of the room (those didn’t lower into the floor) and become buried in books.

“Miss Knowledge…” mutters the weakened Koakuma.

I grab my broomstick and Patchouli’s book, saying, “Well, I’m gonna get going now! Better luck next time, Patch!”

Patchouli’s voice, muffled from her burial under the books declares, “Metal Sign: Metal Fatigue.” A few metal blades shoot out of Patchouli’s pile and toward me. Luckily, there is enough distance between us for me to see them coming, so I turn my body and dodge them with ease.

With a victorious smile, I turn toward the exit. However, from my destination’s general direction, I hear a voice asking, “What is all the commotion down here?” Oh shit! That voice belongs to Sakuya! While we are generally friends, she doesn’t take kindly to uninvited visitors. I’m predicting one hell of an escape…

A girl with semi-long silver hair, braided down the side of her face, wearing a maid’s uniform arrives. As you probably figured, this is Sakuya. She is the head maid of the mansion and Remilia Scarlet’s closest servant, even though there had been some rivalry between them recently, “Marisa?”

Another figure enters the library beside Sakuya. She has semi-long light-blue hair and wears a pink dress and hat. Most noticeably, however, are the two bat-like wings extending out of her back, her blood-red eyes, and the fangs among her teeth. She is Remilia Scarlet, the mistress of this mansion. Remilia glares at me, “What the hell are YOU doing here uninvited?”

I take a couple steps backward, “Well…”

Behind me, Koakuma slowly gets back on her feet and Patchouli pushes some books out of her way and gets out from under the pile. Four against one. I don’t stand a chance. I close my eyes in defeat with the words ‘MISSION FAILED’ running through my mind (Reimu: “Marisa, are you there? This isn’t funny! Marisa? MARIIIIISAAA!”)

“Did someone say ‘Marisa?’” I hear a very cute voice coming from the upper floor and upon hearing it, the words in my mind change to ‘MARISA IS DEAD.’ Within seconds, another girl, with similar youkai attributes to Remilia’s, only with steel wings with prism-like shards dangling from them, blonde hair tied in a ponytail, wearing a red dress comes running toward me excitedly. She’s Remilia’s vampire sister, Flandre: the last person I wanted to run into here. My mission has officially become an utter failure… She leaps to hug me and probably suck the blood out of my arm, because that’s her twisted way of expressing affection.

“Shit…” I close my eyes, preparing for the impact… but I don’t feel anything. I open my eyes and look ahead, but Flandre isn’t there. I turn around and see her on the floor. Did she pass through me or something? Out of nowhere and for no reason I can figure out, her form starts to become transparent. "Huh?"

Apparently, Flandre realizes this and she looks toward Remilia fearfully, “Onee-sama? What’s going on? What’s happening to me?”

“Well…” As Remilia is trying to figure out Flandre’s predicament, she notices the same thing is happening to her.

“Remilia-sama? Remilia-sama! What is happening to you?” Sakuya tries to grab her mistress’ arm, but her hand passes through.

“I don’t know…” growls Remilia “… I’m fading… I can’t touch anything…”

I look at Koakuma, who is also fading, who asks Patchouli, “Miss Knowledge! What is happening?”

Beyond her, Patchouli is also fading, “I… I… I don’t know!” Okay… if Patchouli doesn’t know, then we are all completely stumped. She’s oftentimes had an answer to every question that’s arisen in the past.

I yell, “Just what the hell is happening to everyone?” I look at myself, but I’m as opaque as I always have been. I turn toward Sakuya, who is the only one in the room who isn’t crying out at the sudden and unknown occurrence. Sure enough, she isn’t disappearing either. What is happening all the sudden and why are Sakuya and I not affected by this?

Sakuya looks toward Patchouli intensely, “Are you sure you don’t know?”

Patchouli, now practically blending in with the background, says, looking like she’s about to cry, “I really don’t know… I’ve never heard of anything like this before… I’m scared… What’s happening to us? Why aren’t you or Marisa vanishing like the rest of us?”

“…” Neither of us have an answer for that question.

A terrifying minute passes as Remilia, Patchouli, Flandre, and Koakuma continue to cry out at their situation as they continue to fade more and more as Sakuya and I are helpless to do anything. Finally, they completely vanish, their voices gone with their bodies. “REMILIA-SAMA!” Sakuya and I are left with eerie silence, which makes sense. Neither of us knows what the hell just happened. Remilia and the others just disappeared. It’s like they don’t exist anymore. Sakuya breaks the silence, “Marisa… What_” FLASH! There is a sudden flash of white light. It didn’t seem to come from a particular source, but rather it came from everywhere. Both Sakuya and I cover our eyes to the unexpected happening. This whole situation is fucked up! As my eyes adjust, there are a couple more flashes, followed by shaking, like an earthquake. The ground shakes violently, especially since we are in a basement. I open one of my eyes, squinting as a result of the flashes, just in time to see an overhead beam of wood fall down toward Sakuya.

“SAKUYA!” Wasting no time, I toss the book to the side, as it is now a moot concern and hop on my broomstick, approaching the maid as quickly as it can take me. Within mere seconds, I reach her and tackle her out of the way of the beam.

There is a long pause and we both sigh with relief. “Thank you, Marisa,” says Sakuya gratefully.

I say, “We gotta get out of here! If the earthquake continues, we’ll be in big trouble.”

We both want to try to make heads or tails of why everyone disappeared and the sudden flashes, but it’s dangerous here. “Yes,” nods Sakuya in agreement.

We move to the spiral stairs as the earthquake continues. The quake had already knocked some steps from the staircase, so Sakuya and I fly up through the middle, dodging chunks falling from the ceiling. I can fly using my broomstick as a flight tool, but a lot of people in Gensokyo, like Sakuya, can fly using a basic form of magic to carry them.

Finally, we reach the top and enter the lobby. All around us, there are fairy maids in the process of vanishing, just like Remilia and the others had and chunks of rubble from the crumbling mansion. A chandelier (which is unlit. It’s just there for show) loses its grip on the ceiling high above and plunges toward one of the maids. I doubt it would harm her, as she’s vanishing, but it doesn’t feel right just to let it fall on her either. However a sudden blast shatters the chandelier to pieces, which fly everywhere, forcing me and Sakuya to shield ourselves with our arms. Meiling had fired a blast of chi, ‘saving’ the fairy maid. She too, is in the process of vanishing.

Sakuya rushes over to Meiling, “Meiling! You’re disappearing too!”

Meiling says, trying to make the situation seem less serious than it really is, “Looks that way. So are the fairy maids, but it looks like you and Marisa, however the heck she got in here past me, are alright.”

I point out, “Remilia, Flandre, Patch, and Koakuma have all disappeared.”

Meiling’s eyes widen, “All of them?”

“…” I nod without a word.

“I see…” mutters Meiling, her form becoming more transparent as the maids vanish completely. “I don’t know what the hell’s going on, but it looks like it’s not much longer for me, either…”

Sakuya slumps to her knees, “Meiling… not you too…”

Meiling instructs, “Get out of here. Both of you. I saw the mansion from the outside and it’s worse than it seems from here. The clock tower had completely crumbled and… I just have a bad feeling…”

“You have to escape with us!” Sakuya tires to grab Meiling’s arm, but, like with Remilia, her hand just passes through.

Meiling smiles nervously, “I don’t think I’ll be worth worrying about in a few seconds. Just escape. Please…” With that, Meiling’s form vanishes completely.

“Meiling…” Sakuya sobs.

The ground shakes again and several more chunks of debris fall from the ceiling. I tightly grab Sakuya’s arm, “Sakuya, we gotta get out of here NOW! If what Meiling said was true, there’s no telling when this whole building will become rubble!”

The two of us run out the front door and away from Scarlet Devil Mansion as fast as possible. Behind us, there are loud noises of the mansion’s foundations breaking. We run past the gate and to the outer wall, which is a far enough distance away. We turn around and see the mansion collapse to the ground, reduced to a massive pile of debris. Sakuya slumps to the ground, her eyes agape with disbelief. I can understand. Her mistress… her friends… her home… all in a matter of minutes, all those things disappeared from her life. Honestly, I feel like crying too. Scarlet Devil Mansion, the place where Reimu and I had so many adventures, is now destroyed, and the friends we made there, save Sakuya, have vanished mysteriously. Are they gone? Are they dead? Will we ever see them again? With these thoughts plaguing my mind, I slump to the ground as well. We stay this way for a half-hour. The earthquake stops, but the flashes become more consistent.

“Marisa! Sakuya!” A familiar voice comes from in front of us. A ‘portal’ opens and inside, there is a girl with golden hair, wearing a white and purple dress and a white hat with a red ribbon. She’s Yukari Yakumo, a youkai, also hard to tell apart from a human, with a WEIRD power. She has the ability to control boundaries. That means she can freely venture through the dimensional fabric of Gensokyo and other places. Thanks to her, we learned about parallel worlds that exist alongside this one. She once tried to trap Gensokyo in an eternal winter and revive her long-lost best friend. Don’t ask. It’s a long story. Anyway, my friends and I defeated her and she learned the folly of her ways. Now she’s a friend whose powers have come in very handy to us.

“…” Sakuya doesn’t respond.

I ask, “Hey, Yukari? Do you know what’s going on? There are these flashes… these earthquakes… and people are disappearing…”

“Disappearing… like this?” Yukari extends her arm to the outside of her portal and it starts to become transparent. I try to touch it, but, as expected, my hand just passes through, like it was nothing but air. She withdraws her hand back into her portal, where it solidifies once again.

“Yeah…” I answer, “It’s so weird… It all happened so fast, but… it’s almost like it’s the end of the world, or something…”

“It just might be…” says Yukari softly.

“Huh? Do you know what’s going on?” I ask.

Yukari closes her eyes, “I’m not 100% sure, but I might. Could the two of you do me a favor? Find Reimu.”

Sakuya breaks her silence, “Reimu? What might she have to do with this?”

Yukari says solemnly, “It’s possible she is a central figure in these occurrences.”

I demand, “What the hell are you talking about, Yukari? Why would Reimu do this? HOW would Reimu do this?”

Yukari answers, “If it’s what I think, then I’ll tell you. For now, I want the two of you to go to the Hakurei Shrine. I’m going to investigate something else that might be connected to this.”

I shrug and say, “I don’t know what you’re talking about, but I guess I’ll do it. What the hell?”

Yukari throws something at me, which I catch. It is something that looks like a blue ball. “This will open a portal to a ‘safe place’ for five seconds. Just drop it on the ground when you're ready.”

“What is the meaning of this?” I ask.

Yukari answers, “Gensokyo is becoming a dangerous place. I don’t know how much longer it will last, so if things get bad, escape to that ‘safe place.’ I’ll meet you there later.”

“Wait! Yukar_” Yukari disappears into her portal before I can ask any more questions.

Sakuya whispers, “The end of the world…?”

There are a few seconds of silence. I put a reassuring hand on Sakuya’s shoulder, “C’mon, Sakuya. Let’s go to Reimu’s. I don’t understand what’s happening, but maybe we can reverse this whole thing. Maybe we can stop what’s happening. Maybe we can get everyone back…”

Sakuya smiles slightly, “Yes, you may be right…”

We take to the sky and fly in the direction of Reimu’s shrine. Along the way, we see wild youkai disappearing and villages crumbled to the ground, along with cries from people who are vanishing. Both Sakuya and I are helpless to do anything, and along with the mysterious flashes and the sky that had suddenly turned dark and the temperature around us becoming uncomfortably cold, it feels like a horrible nightmare. It has that apocalyptic feeling in many ways I can imagine.

Along the way, Sakuya points out, “Yukari… when she reached out of her portal, her hand became transparent, but when she withdrew it, it became normal. Obviously, Yukari is subject to the things that are happening to everyone else, but perhaps it only affects things that are inside Gensokyo…”

“But why aren’t we disappearing?” I ask, “We’re still here, we aren’t fading, and I feel fine. Why the hell are we exempt from this?”

Sakuya points out, “Well, we are both human. Might that be it, perhaps?”

I sigh, “Maybe. This is weird…”

After a half-hour, we arrive at the stairs leading up to Reimu’s shrine and we dash up to its front walkway, hearing a very creepy laugh, “Tee hee hee!” Fucking laugh gives me the creeps!

We reach the top of the stairs and find out who that laugh belongs to: A girl with long black hair and brown eyes, wearing a red dress with white sleeves separate from the main portion of the outfit, and a red hair ribbon, namely, my long-time best friend, Reimu… or at least that’s what she LOOKS like. The thing is, she’s not acting like herself. She is skipping around, laughing that spine-chilling giggle. Normally, she is fairly unenergetic and lazy, despite being a talented miko. But here, she is the opposite from how I know her. She looks like she’s having the time of her life as Gensokyo is crumbling around her.

Nearby, Reimu’s student (more or less), a short girl with orange hair, with long horns extending out of her head, wearing a purple dress with chains, and carrying a large purple gourd around, Suika Ibuki, is disappearing, and seems to be just as surprised by Reimu’s behavior as Sakuya and I are. Suika is an oni, a top-level youkai, who LOVES having wild and drunken parties. Her gourd contains a limitless amount of sake, which she CONSTANTLY drinks out of. As a result, she is usually drunk. In spite of that, however, she is a powerful youkai, who can turn into mist, alter her size, and split into several smaller versions of herself. She once tried to make Gensokyo into a big endless party zone, but me, Reimu, and my friend-slash-neighbor, Alice Margatroid managed to stop her. Afterward, Reimu took her under her wing as a student.

Suika cries, in her drunkenly slurred voice, “Raymoo! Wye ar yoo aktin’ dat way? Whut’s hapnin’ ta Gensohkeeyoh?”

Reimu looks at the fading Suika with a smile you’d expect a pedophiliac rapist to have, “Silence, child! You are but a mere figment! Now begone to the fiction that you are!”

“RAYMOOooooo!” Suika vanishes from existence, just like so many before her.

“REIMU! Just what the hell is going on? What’s happened to you?” I yell, outraged.

Reimu laughs, “HahahahaHAHAHAHA! It’s happening at last, Marisa! It’s time! It’s time to leave!” She looks straight at me. Her eyes are void and empty, like she’s missing her soul.

“What are you talking about?” asks Sakuya.

“It’s time!” yells Reimu, “It’s almost here! Our goodbyes draw nigh!”

I run over to Reimu, grab her by the shoulders, and shake her, “What are you talking about? Snap out of it!” Suddenly, there are several flashes of light and a pulse erupts from Reimu’s body, knocking me back. When my eyes adjust, I see that Reimu’s clothes had transformed into a completely white outfit. The sight makes me depressed somehow.”

Reimu smiles creepily, “My friends and family await! Enjoy this while you still can! Teehehehehehehehe!” With that, Reimu vanishes into thin air.

Sakuya and I are left to the hell that surrounds us. Sakuya says, “Yukari was right! Reimu does seem to have some involvement in this…”

“But what?” I ask, “She wasn’t herself! She didn’t speak the slightest iota of sense!”

Sakuya sighs and says, “I hope Yukari can fill in the blanks. At least we now have a lead…”

I whisper, “Reimu… what’s happened to you? Why have you become so… deranged?” My train of thought is derailed by a loud noise right in front of me. I look at the Hakurei Shrine and realize it had just burst into flames. However, that is secondary to something else I’m seeing.

A figure materializes in front of the burning shrine. It’s a girl with long green hair and green eyes, wearing a blue dress and blue hat with blue ribbons, holding a staff with a shape that looks like a crescent moon at the end of it, “The time has arrived, it seems…”

I glare at the mystery girl, “Just who the hell are you? What’s going on?”

The girl answers, “My name is Mima. You can think of me as a harbinger of the mere thought that is Gensokyo is about to end.” 
Lunarian capital, Tsuki no Miyako…

The Imperial Lunarian Academy, a massive institute of many dome-shaped buildings, dedicated to passing on the near-limitless knowledge the Lunarians had gained over their many-millennia history and discoveries. Inside one of the domes, a class is being held. The students, almost seventy in number, sit in ring-shaped balconies that circle around the building’s higher ground, and listen to their professor at the ground level, a girl appearing to be an older teen, though she had lived for hundreds of years. She has dark red hair and red eyes, and wears a red dress over a white shirt. She is Yumemi Okazaki, one of the Lunarian’s top researchers, and also, little to her knowledge, was the one behind the experiment that resulted in the existence of Gensokyo. “… and that is the result of mixing the sub atomic composition of mysterium with mithril. Next, class, I will tell you_”

“PROFESSOR!” A girl, fifteen years old in appearance, frantically rushes into the building. She has brown eyes and blonde hair tied into two small ponytails and wears a white sailor uniform.

Yumemi leers at the girl, expressing her discontent at having her class interrupted, “Whatever you have to tell me, Chiyuri, can it wait another twenty minutes? I’m trying to teach a class!”

“But professor…” says the girl, Chiyuri, “We just found out about something incredible!”

“’Incredible,’ hm? Do tell, and be quick about it!”

“Okay, well… um… how can I put this?”

“Just tell me.”

“Um… you know about Earthly Realm #0756: Gensokyo and how it disappeared, right?”

“Yes. Quite strange. Well, if that is what this is about, then you have my interest, Chiyuri. Tell me more.”

“Well, you see, just a few minutes ago, Earthly Realm #0578: Terra had stopped emitting its… um… ‘energies,’ and started giving off Gensokyo’s… er… ‘signature.’”

Yumemi finds the information very interesting, “I see. Well, then, do show me…”

“Okay!”

Yumemi addresses her class, “Class, for the last twenty minutes, I want you to review chapters 14 through 24. There will be a quiz on them. Study hard.” She leaves the building with Chiyuri.

Minutes later, they arrive at an establishment dedicated to monitoring the status of Earth’s boundaries. It’s a dark building, only lit by the monitors of many computers. Yumemi looks at one of the monitors, and, as Chiyuri had claimed, the energy signature of our realm had been replaced by that of Gensokyo.

The professor is intrigued by the latest discovery, “Most curious. This is quite a find, Chiyuri. This hadn’t happened in over 800 years!”

“What might have caused this?” asks Chiyuri.

Yumemi takes a few seconds to think, “A shift in boundaries, but… where could Gensokyo have been during the period between its disappearance and reappearance? That is an answer I don’t know, but as a scientist, I simply cannot let these reasons go undiscovered. We will monitor this newly-established boundary. We might even go down to Earth if need be.”

Chiyuri shutters, “You mean actually SET FOOT of Earth’s soil? How can you even consider doing something so… disgraceful?”

Yumemi smirks at Chiyuri, “Sometimes, scientific prowess requires sacrifices, don’t you think so, my dear assistant?”

“Perhaps…”

Yumemi glances at a monitor, showing the moon’s current phase: first quarter, “Still, we have to wait for a little while…”

==

Three days have passed since escaping to Hakugyokurou, and along with that, Yukari’s death. Since then, it has been the most depressing downward spiral of emotion I’ve ever experienced from everyone else. I, for one, say we go back, find Yumei, and avenge Yukari, along with our world, but it seems I’m one of the only ones moving forward. If it’s not Yukari, it’s something else.

Yuyuko, ever since hearing of what happened to Yukari, has holed herself up in her palace and not come out, Reimu is moping around for the same reason, Youmu is trying to figure out how to make Yuyuko happy, Reisen seems to be ready to go like, me, but she’s been in her own world, more and more, Mokou, now revived… well, who knows what she’s thinking, Sakuya seems to have stuff on her mind as well, Alice seems to be avoiding me for some reason, and Cirno is just plain depressed. It seems we have some things to sort out before we go after Yumei…

==

Youmu leaves the palace, and into the gardens, after another attempt at trying to cheer up Yuyuko, which failed, “Dammit… I’ve never seen Yuyuko-sama like this. I can protect her from any threat, but not her own emotions. Even with my swords and skill, I’m powerless to fight it…”

She spends several hours aimlessly wandering the gardens of Hakugyokurou, eventually finding Reisen, “Reisen…”

Reisen glances at Youmu, “Oh. Youmu. Hi.” She is still concerned about Eirin and Kaguya.

However, for that moment, Youmu recalls her unfinished business with Reisen. She unsheathes the Roukanken, which she had recently regained her possession of after returning to the Netherworld, “Reisen, you won’t escape this time! You will tell me about my father!”

Reisen says, “Give it up, Youmu! You won’t overcome my illusion before I make my escape. Besides, I don’t feel like dealing with you!”

Youmu says, “Eirin and Kaguya, right? They’ll be fine. They are immortal, after all. You don’t need to worry about them as much as you have to worry about me!”

“Just leave me alone!” yells Reisen. Her eyes glow red and she looks into Youmu’s eyes. Youmu begins to see a large group of illusory Reisens. A couple Reisens run toward her. The gardener attempts to attack them with her sword, but the Roukanken just passes through them.

“You can’t beat this technique, no matter how many times you try!” taunts Reisen, “Just leave me be!”

Youmu’s eyes narrow, “Is that it? I’ve been waiting for you to do that, Reisen! I figured out a way to overcome it!”

“What?”

Youmu runs toward the group of Reisens as her ghost-half radiates an intense light. Reisen reacts and covers her eyes in reflex, while her illusions are unaffected. Youmu, having found the real Reisen, positions her sword inches away from the Lunarian rabbit’s neck, “I win, Reisen.”

“Not bad…” Reisen’s illusions vanish.

“Talk!” orders Youmu, “Why have you been keeping this a secret from me? More importantly, where is my father now?”

Reisen, instead of giving a straight answer, says, “Can you move your sword? You’re making me uncomfortable.”

“Fine.” Youmu returns her blade to its sheathe.

Reisen explains, “It’s not like I didn’t want to tell you, Youmu, it’s just… I was told not to.”

“By who?”

“Who else? Master Konpaku, of course.”

“’Master’ Konpaku?”

“Your father. Duh! Where I come from, he is referred to as ‘Master.’”

“’Where you come from?’ You can’t mean…”

“It’s exactly what you think, Youmu. Your father is an honorary Lunarian.”

Youmu steps away from Reisen in disbelief, “I… I can’t believe it… You’re lying!”

Reisen shrugs, “It figures. Master Konpaku knew you couldn’t handle the truth, so that’s why he wanted me to keep it a secret.”

Youmu says, “Okay, assuming you are telling the truth, what exactly is your relationship to my father?”

Reisen pauses and answers “… He’s my father too…”

Youmu jumps away from Reisen, “Wh-WHAT? You’re… my half-sister, then? That’s ridiculous!” Youmu thinks again, “Or is it? He always has been a ladies’ man…”

“Whoa, whoa, whoa!” calls out Reisen, “I didn’t mean it like he’s my actual father. It’s just that I’ve thought of him as the dad I’ve never had.”

“Huh?”

Reisen leans against a cherry blossom tree and slumps down, “We moon rabbits… compared to Lunarian humans, we have very few rights. Our ability to telepathically communicate, our vision in the dark… we are seen as naturally born scouts. As a result, we are given military training from a young age, and expected to serve the empire. I was no exception… and I had always been at the bottom of my class. No matter what I did, all my classmates had done better. As a result, I was an outcast. One day, I was kicked out of a self-defense class. That’s when I first met him. At this point, he had risen through the ranks, and had become the leader of the royal guard. I was intimidated by someone of such a rank, but he was very kind. He didn’t look down on me as an inferior moon rabbit. He treated me as an equal, and… in fact, he seemed particularly sympathetic toward us. He told me that one day, if he had anything to say about it, moon rabbits would have the rights of humans. We became close, like father and daughter, and he always encouraged me and took care of me. However, that fateful full moon night came when I, and hundreds of other rabbits, were dispatched across Earth’s boundaries to find Eirin-sama, and possibly Kaguya. I was worried, but he came to me with his final words of comfort: To not worry about anything, and use this chance to live as I want, not worrying about the Lunarians’ rules. Needless to say, I was sent to Gensokyo, where I did find the targets, but never parted with the truth. I was living as the Master told me, and I couldn’t have been happier.”

Youmu responds, “I see. Is that the last you saw of him?”

Reisen shakes her head, “No. I met Master Konpaku one last time. He found out where I was sent, found me, and appeared before me. He told me Gensokyo was connected to this realm… his old home, and that he had a daughter. He told me that if I ever met her, not to tell her anything about him.”

Youmu sits on the grass, “I see. You were just honoring my father’s wishes…”

“Yes…”

“Well, I now know what became of him. That is all I need to know. There is just one last thing…”

“What?”

“Reisen, do you know why he joined the Lunarians? He just disappeared with some woman the last time I saw him, telling me that serving Yuyuko-sama was now my responsibility. He must have had a big reason for doing what he did.”

Reisen says, “Perhaps that’s true, but not even I know. I’m sorry, Youmu.”

“I see…” Youmu rises to her feet.

“Now that you know, what are you gonna do?” asks Reisen.

Youmu answers, “I’ll address that issue someday, but right now, I need to find a way to cheer up Yuyuko-sama, and I also want to help Reimu and the others get back at Yumei. I may not have been very friendly with Yukari, but I won’t let what happened to her go unanswered.”

Reisen also rises to her feet, “I see. Well, there are some things I need to take care of too.” With that, she walks away.

==

I sit on the stairs leading up to the palace, wondering what the new Gensokyo is like. Something tells me it’s not going to be the bright and beautiful place it once was. As much as I hate Yumei right now, I guess I have to give her credit for delaying my decision, because right now, between Gensokyo and our world, I have neither to choose from, and I sure as hell can’t live here, surrounded by the dead.

“Oh! Hello, Marisa! It’s been a long time!” my thoughts are interrupted by a male voice. Walking up the stairs, with a friendly smile is Rinnosuke Morichika, or as I affectionately nickname him, Kourin, after his store, Kourindou.

“Huh? Kourin? Is that you? I thought you disappeared with Gensokyo!”

Kourin rubs the back of his head, “I guess I would have if Yukari didn’t take some time to rescue me… and I just heard from Reimu that she unintentionally saved me again, when I requested she send me here just as a vacation from my house in the middle of nowhere. You’re all here because that ‘Yumei’ character destroyed your world, right?”

“That’s right… and now, Yukari is dead.”

Crestfallen, Kourin turns his eyes away from me, “Yes, I heard too. I can’t believe it… Yukari is the strongest youkai I know…”

“She died saving all of us…”

There is a long pause between us. Finally, Kourin says, “Reimu is at a bench on a cliff, not far to the west of here, looking out at acres of sakura trees. She’s very depressed. Maybe you can cheer her up?”

I rise to my feet, “Maybe I will, Kourin.”

==

Elsewhere in the expansive gardens, Cirno wanders around, thinking of the past events. Ahead, she sees Mokou lying on her back at the base of a tree, grabbing a petal out of the air and incinerating it.

Cirno rushes over to Mokou, “Hello!”

“…”

“What was your name again? Fuzzy-wora no Mocha?”

Mokou glares at Cirno, “It’s ‘Fujiwara no Mokou.’ So, who the hell are you?”

Cirno gladly introduces herself, “I am the great ice fairy, Cirno! Next to Alice, I am the strongest remaining youkai from Gensokyo!”

“Like I give a shit.”

“But you asked for my name!”

“Shut the hell up!”

“No, YOU shut up!”

Mokou smirks, “Hmph. You’re pretty brave, considering I can reduce you to ashes with little trouble…”

“Try it!” challenges Cirno.

“Nah. Don’t feel like it…” Mokou takes a breath, “So, what did you want with me?”

Cirno takes a few seconds to find the right words, “Well… um… Aren’t you from the world Reimu and Marisa come from?”

“That’s right,” says Mokou, “What about it?”

“You… know that it disappeared, right?”

“Yeah,” says Mokou, her confrontational demeanor weakening, “Alice told me.”

“Well, if that was your home, why did only Reimu and Marisa start to disappear? Only people that are born there disappear, right? But you didn’t fade at all!”

“Wh… what?”

“You were just like us, not fading away, but if that was where you came from…”

Mokou says, “I don’t know. My earliest memory was being found and adopted by a nobleman. I knew I wasn’t his biological daughter, and that my ability to create flames wasn’t considered natural… but now I find out that I’m not even from within that boundary? Damn! Just what the hell am I?” Mokou focuses her gaze on the sky, “Of course, ‘Fujiwara no Mokou’ isn’t my real name. It was just the name dad gave me…”

“Mokou…”

Mokou looks at Cirno’s sympathetic expression, “Don’t give me that look, fairy girl. All that shit I just said, it doesn’t matter anyway. With all that’s happened, that’s the least of my worries.”

“Um… okay…” Cirno turns to walk away.

“Hey.”

“Um… yes?”

Mokou gives Cirno a reassuring smile, “Thanks for listening. You know, you’re not half bad, fairy girl.”

“Yay!” Cirno walks away, feeling better.

Mokou continues laying back, her mood improving since she had a rare chance to talk about herself to someone.

“… Kaguya…”

Not long after Cirno left, Mokou receives another visitor, Reisen, “Oh! Mokou! You’re back! Are you feeling better?”

Sarcastically, Mokou answers, “Oh yeah, I totally am! Especially after spending 14 months of hanging with Kaguya 24/7 and occasionally Reimu, and getting shot in the head by you. It was nice.”

Reisen says, “Mokou… Why did you and Kaguya attack me and Eirin-sama. You realize you could have spent an eternity there rather than just 14 months?”

“That’s just it,” says Mokou, “we WOULDN’T have spent an eternity there.”

“What are you talking about?” asks Reisen.

“Okay…” Mokou explains, “After princess and I fell into the void, we were we encountered by Yumei. She told us a whole bunch of crazy shit, like how she was going to erase that world I used to live in, and that if Reimu died while we were still there, we would be phased out of existence. Do you get it? REAL death! Not even immortality can stop that!”

“What the hell?” says Reisen, “You want to die?”

“Why not?” says Mokou, “I’ve lived for hundreds of years, burdened with an unending desire to kill Kaguya, and having to live as an outsider. With all that, you start to get a little tired of living, yet you know you can’t. Anyway, even though that world was a part of our lives that princess and I left behind, we sure as hell wouldn’t let that psycho, Yumei erase it, along with the things that represent our dearest memories. You see, the presence of outsiders like me and princess in the remains of Reimu’s dream caused an interference that prevented Yumei from leaving. That’s the reason why she couldn’t leave while we were there. We would save the world and perish for good. It was all too good to be true. However, before Yumei was separated from us to join with Marisa, she did… something. It might have had something to do with the fact that we couldn’t clearly communicate with Reimu all those times we told her to not free us, or the reason you and your egghead doctor couldn’t hear us.”

“I see… So, Mokou… What are you going to do now? Kaguya was captured by Yumei.”

“…” Mokou gives Reisen a ‘why should I care?’ look.

“A-anyway… I just thought you should know…” Reisen walks away.

“…”

==

Partway through the gardens, on my way to finding Reimu, I happen across Alice. Instinctively, I call out to my friend, “Heeeey~ Alice!”

“…” Alice glances at me, but suddenly turns her head away, “Hmph!”

She starts to walk away. Seriously, what the hell is her problem? She started being pissed off at me again ever since we got here. Well, I found her, so why not get to the bottom of things while the chance presents itself? I chase after her, “Hey! Alice! Stop! What’s the matter with you?” I catch up to her and grab her arm. She struggles to break free of my grip, but I hold on tightly. Finally, she stops and turns toward me. I let go of her. “C’mon, Alice…”

SLAP!

I feel a sudden impact across my face. Alice slapped me… again. This is the second time since all this crazy shit started that I got slapped by Alice. I knew I deserved the first one, but what the heck did I do this time?

“Wh-what the hell, Alice? What was that for?”

Alice glares at me, “So the truth comes out, Marisa?”

“What are you talking about?”

“About what you said to Yumei? About ‘not giving a shit about Gensokyo?’”

“Erk!” Yeah, I said that didn’t I?

“Hmph. It must be very nice to just live in your own world and not care about the plight of anyone else.”

“What?”

“Marisa, you said before that you would be happy just going to school with us and not worrying about Gensokyo… but the rest of us don’t want that! We want to go home!”

I can’t exactly say that Alice’s reasoning put me in a good, or even a humble mood, “Yeah, go home and leave me behind! I can’t just say goodbye to my old life and join you! As great as Gensokyo sounds, I can’t just leave the people that raised me, even if my day-to-day life was putting up with those stupid elitist hussies!”

“Marisa…”

“All I wanted when I got into that accident was friends… Thanks to Gensokyo, I made friends that followed me back to my normal life… and now you want to go back, and leave me alone? I don’t want to lose any of you, but I love my family and can’t stand the thought of just abandoning them. Don’t you get it, Alice? I can’t just pick a place to live out my life in! No matter which I choose, I will be miserable because of what I had left behind! To me, it’s better for there just to be one choice! Don’t you DARE treat me like I’m the bad guy here!”

“Marisa… I…”

“I’ll admit, what I said back there was stupid and selfish, but don’t pretend to know me, because you don’t! What we all want is to be happy, but with the way things were, that’s impossible! Someone is gonna get hurt! Can you blame me if I’m someone who doesn’t wanna deal with that kinda pain?”

Alice takes my point, “I see. I’m sorry, Marisa. You’re right, I thought what you said was truly insensitive, but I never considered your side of the whole ordeal…”

“Just as long as you know that…”

“…”

I look toward the sky, “Besides… None of that is an issue anymore. Now it’s Yumei’s Gensokyo, built on the ruins of my home and family. I will not let Yumei get away with that!”

Alice looks at me sympathetically, “I will help you, Marisa.”

I start to walk away, “You don’t have to. It’s not your fight.”

“What do you mean it’s not?” asks Alice, “Yumei is using Gensokyo for her own ends, and I’m not going to let the land that I loved be used like that! Don’t think you’re alone here, Marisa!”

“Yeah… sorry, Alice. We’re in this together…”

==

In a washroom inside the palace, Sakuya cuts her hair short again with a knife, braids the two longer strands extending from the sides of her face, and finally, changes back into her old maid outfit, which she left in Yuyuko’s care, muttering to herself, “Vacation is over. Gensokyo has returned… just not in the way I’d have thought…” She thinks about what Yumei had said, “Gensokyo… the mistress… Patchouli… Meiling… Flandre… They were all a result of a Lunarian experiment? And… I am a Lunarian…” Sakuya laughs for a few seconds, “A Lunarian serving a product of a Lunarian experiment. How ironic! Still…” She walks toward the washroom door, “I most certainly can’t let Yumei get away with Yukari’s death or using Gensokyo… and my mistress, as she pleases.”


Meanwhile, behind the palace, at the base of the Saigyou Ayakashi, Yuyuko looks blankly up at the tree, “Yukari… Yuko…”

Youmu approaches Yuyuko, not knowing how to react to her mistress’s unusual mood, “Um… Yuyuko-sama? I prepared a five-course meal for you!”

Yuyuko blankly responds, “Give it to someone else. I’m not hungry.”

Youmu says, “I know that Yukari’s death was a hard thing for you, but you will see her again, right? This is the Netherworld, after all! This is where the dead go! Plus, she’ll be a ghost like you!”

Yuyuko says, “I never told you this, Youmu, but this is not THE Netherworld, it’s A Netherworld.”

“What?”

“There are as many Netherworlds as there are Yama, and unfortunately, the souls from the world you were in are not assigned to come here. Yukari is going to go to another Netherworld.”

“Oh…”

“This… is an eternal parting…”

“Yuyuko-sama…”

“Youmu… Did Yukari say anything about me before…?”

Youmu answers, “She said she wished she was the judge of character you are so she could know of Yumei’s true motives…”

Despite finding out, however, Yuyuko feels even worse, “I could have been there!” Tears rapidly emerge from her eyes, “If I were there, Yukari wouldn’t have… If not for my position here, I could have…” Her gaze fixes on the Saigyou Ayakashi, “I’m sorry, Yuko… I failed to take care of Yukari…”

Youmu tries to find some comforting words for her mistress, “Yuyuko-sama… um…”

Staring at the ground, Yuyuko tells Youmu, “Please… just leave me alone, Youmu. I want to be alone…”

“…” Youmu walks away, takes a brief glance back at her anguished mistress, and then keeps walking.

==

I finally find Reimu in the place Kourin told me she was, sitting on the edge of a cliff, looking over acres of a beautiful sea of pink petals and green grass. Of course, that sight is a paradox to the mood hanging over us all.

“Hey! Reimu!”

Reimu glances back at me, saying unenergetically, “Oh. Hello, Marisa.”

I want to ask how she’s doing, but I already know the answer to that question, so I pick another topic, “Well, that was pretty strange, huh? Having a dream, which was used in some alien experiment. Pretty unusual stuff, doncha think?”

“Marisa…” says Reimu, “Shut up! Don’t you get it? It was BECAUSE of our dream that our world had been destroyed!”

“Then what could have been done about it, Reimu? Avoid getting into that accident? We don’t know where and when shit like that happens. Hell, we could be dead five minutes from now! We had a dream, we had many adventures is Gensokyo, it happened. It was a good dream, but sooner or later, we had to wake up, and we did. We had some friends trapped in your head, so we had to get them out. What were we gonna do instead? Ignore them? We had the means to help them, and so we did. So it led to the destruction of our world. That sucks, but did we know it was gonna happen? No.”

“What’s your point, Marisa?”

“It was inevitable, Reimu. It happened, and right now, you’re here, wondering what we could have done, lamenting something you had no control over.”

“…”

“Reimu, instead of thinking about how our dream may have been part of what destroyed the world, think of all the good things! If not for it, we never would have met, we learned things about the universe most people never would have learned, we made friends that even I would take a blast for if I had to, we went on exciting adventures, and this… could just be another one. We’ve always found a way to pull through, right? Let’s keep doing that.”

My little pep talk seems to have brightened Reimu’s mood a little, “So, how do you think we can pull through this time?”

I grin, “Just join us for dinner, alright? I’ll talk about everything, then.”

==

Lunarian Imperial Palace, throne room…

The throne room is a large chamber, though, like the rest of the building, its floor, walls, and ceiling are all made of wood. Sitting on the throne is a woman who appears to be in her mid to late twenties, though in actuality, she is older than any other Lunarian alive. She has long flowing shiny black hair and dark red eyes, and wears a silver robe over several layers of regal clothing, and a silver tiara.

Another person enters the room. She has the appearance of a mid to older teen, has light-blue hair tied into a ponytail with a yellow ribbon, brown eyes, and wears a red dress and white blouse. She stops short or stairs leading up to the woman, and kneels respectfully, “Mother, I have a report.”

The woman says, resting her head against her hand, “Yorihime, how many times have I told you not to refer to me as ‘mother’ when you are conducting official business?”

“But, mothe… Your Imperial Majesty Lunariya… We are alone.”

“Third Princess, Watatsuki no Yorihime… As a leader of the defense corps, you must set an example by composing yourself properly, no matter what the situation.”

“I understand.”

“Your report…”

“Yes. We received word recently from the Science Division, specifically Professor Yumemi, that the Earthly Realm, Terra, had vanished, and was replaced by a realm that had mysteriously vanished over a year past.”

Lunariya looks at Yorihime with a stern expression, “What does this have to do with the war with Earth?”

Yorihime responds, “Nothing, Your Majesty, but if knowledge serves, that was the realm where you exiled First Princess Kaguya. Of course, my sister and I weren’t adopted by you yet, but I do believe it was there. Are you not worried about her? She is your only biological daughter, out of her, my sister, Toyohime, Kotohime, and myself, after all.”

Lunariya coldly responds, “She broke our laws, and she received her punishment accordingly.”

“But… that law is no longer in effect, and what about my mentor, Eirin Yagokoro?”

“Yes, that was rather unfortunate. I’m honestly surprised she evaded us for as long as she has, but these things happen. After all, we did suspect that they somehow escaped to another boundary, did we not? It’s too early to assume that they are gone.”

“Understood. I’m sorry to have bothered you.” Yorihime turns to exit the chamber.

“Do not waste my time again.”

==

Inside the palace, we meet up in the dining hall: Me, Alice, Reimu, Sakuya, Youmu, and Reisen. Yuyuko’s not here, surprisingly, neither is Mokou, unsurprisingly, but Cirno just came briefly and left with some food. Hell, if I know what that was about.

We all look at the food spread across the table, stuff from all food groups and the aroma fills the air. Reimu and Reisen are awed by all the food. Reimu asks, “Youmu, did you cook all this?”

“Half of it,” answers Youmu, “Sakuya did the rest. The share I made was all originally meant for Yuyuko-sama.”

HALF? That’s still too much for one person, but I was already aware of Yuyuko’s monstrous eating habits, so there’s no point in acting surprised. Anyway, we sit down and chow down.

As we eat, Reimu says, “So, Marisa, what did you want to share with us?”

“Yeah…” I stop eating so I can talk to everyone, “Right, so… uh… It’s been three days since all that depressing shit happened. How long are we gonna mope around?”

“It’s about time someone said that,” says Reisen, “I want to save the princess and Eirin-sama as soon as possible, but I can’t do it alone.”

Sakuya adds, “I’ve honestly wanted to see the new Gensokyo for myself. I… have some fears that I want to confirm…”

“But what’s the point?” asks Reimu, “Even if we get back at Yumei, it won’t change the fact that our world is gone.”

“Or will it?” I ask.

“What do you mean?” asks Alice, “What are you thinking?”

“Think about it,” I say, “Yumei did that by erasing the boundary between dreams and reality. Well, what would happen if it was put back up? Do you think it might reverse what happened? I don’t know if the result will bring everything back to the way they were, but it’s worth the try, right? Besides, we know that she has the power to make Gensokyo its own boundary again.”

“Indeed,” says Sakuya, “At the cost of her life. Honestly, I doubt she would be willing to do that.”

“Well, it’s not like I thought of everything, so we’ll cross that proverbial bridge when we come to it.”

“…” Silence in the anticipation of what I’m going to add.

“Look, I had some time to think things over. I’m not the kind to give into despair for long, you know. We have to look ahead, right? The issue here is not whether or not we get back at Yumei for what she did, but to convince her somehow to undo what she had done,” I turn to Alice, “What do you think, Alice? You’re the smart one here.”

“Fair enough,” says Alice, “We’d might as well. It’s not like anything is getting accomplished, neither for the sake of Gensokyo nor of your world, if we just stay here.”

“Well, there you have it,” I say, “I say we savor this moment, because this will be our last decent meal in awhile, get a good night’s sleep, and finally, head out tomorrow morning. How does that sound?”

“I’d say you have a decent idea,” says Reimu, “Count me in.”

“I most certainly have a desire to,” answers Sakuya.

“I gave my answer,” says Reisen.

“I’ll go along,” says Alice, “I can’t call this place my home, can I? At least not yet.”

Youmu pauses on her response, “Um… We’ll see. I’ll have my answer by the time you have to go.”

“Okay,” I respond, “That thing Yukari gave us is a one-way ticket. There’s no turning back after we use it, so think carefully.”

“I will.” With our next course of action confirmed, we eat the rest of our dinner.

==

In the gardens, Cirno finds Mokou lying in the same place she was at before, still staring blankly at the evening sky.

Mokou is broken out of her trance at Cirno’s words, “Hey!”

Mokou sits up and looks at the ice fairy, “Hello again, fairy girl. What’s up?”

Cirno holds out a small tray of food from the palace’s dining hall, “I brought you some food! I didn’t see you at the palace, so I thought you may be hungry.” She places the tray next to Mokou.

The immortal eats a handful of wasabi peas. Completely unaffected by the intensity of the spicy flavor, she says, “You didn’t have to go through all that trouble for me. Even if I starve to death, I’ll wake up, feeling like I had a four-course meal.”

Cirno protests, “But… food! What about tasting good stuff?”

Mokou takes another handful of peas, “Well, I can’t argue with you there.”

They eat until the tray is completely cleared.

Cirno pats her gut, “I’m sooooo full!”

Mokou sighs, “You should have brought more, fairy girl. It’s not often I get to eat decent homemade goodness.”

“You don’t eat often?” asks Cirno, “Or do you do that ‘starve and come back full’ thing?”

“Both,” answers Mokou, “I lived in some remote area of the bamboo forest, hunting for youkai.”

Cirno flinches, “EEK!”

“Not like you. Unintelligent, un-humanoid youkai. Sometimes I eat with an… acquaintance from the Human Village, but her cooking sucks.”

“That sounds horrible,” says Cirno.

“Nah,” responds Mokou, “It wasn’t so bad… at least compared to being inside Reimu’s subconscious. No food at all. Kaguya and I died from starvation and regenerated more times than I can count. Believe me, dying from no food… is not very pleasant.”

Cirno changes the subject, “We’ll probably have to go to Yumei’s Gensokyo, and stop her.”

“Tell me,” says Mokou, “Do YOU want to go and risk your life? You’re not like me. When you die, that’s it.”

Cirno says, “Well… um… I liked Marisa’s home. It was a great place. Sure, some people were really mean, but I don’t want Yumei to just get away with what she did to it. Um… what about you? I mean, you said you weren’t… well, born there, but it’s where you lived, right?”

Mokou responds, “What should I care? That’s a part of my life I left behind a LONG time ago.”

“Okay… just wondering… So… are you gonna stay here?”

“Why not? This is the Netherworld, the home I’ll never have, after all.”

Cirno begins to walk away, “Okay… Marisa seemed ready to go back… and I’m gonna go with everyone. I won’t see you again for a while…”

“…” Mokou looks blankly at Cirno.


At the Saigyou Ayakashi, Yuyuko is also unmoved from her spot. Youmu approaches her, “Yuyuko-sama… Reimu and the others are going to return tomorrow. I was wondering if I could have your permission to accompany them. I’ll understand if you want me to remain by your side. I don’t know when, or even if, I will be able to return…”

“…”

“Yuyuko-sama?”

“… … … Do as you wish, Youmu.”

“… Understood. I wish you well.” Youmu leaves.

Despite her outwardly underwhelming reaction, Yuyuko’s contemplation takes another path, “Hm…”

A few minutes later, Mima approaches, “Yuyuko, are you feeling better?”

Yuyuko says, “Mima, I have a job for you…”

==

Well, it was a long night, and it’s a good thing too, as I doubt I’m gonna sleep that well for a while. After breakfast, me, Alice, Reimu, Sakuya, Youmu, and Reisen meet up at the foot of the Saigyou Ayakashi.

“Are we ready?” I ask, “There’s no turning back after this. Reimu, you have the ball, right?”

Reimu pulls Yukari’s gap-ball out of her pocket, “Right here.”

“Youmu?” I ask, “Are you sure you want to do this? What about Yuyuko?”

Youmu responds, “Yuyuko-sama gave me permission. It’s alright.”

“Let us go, then,” says Sakuya.

“It’s about time,” says Reisen.

“We might as well get this over with,” adds Alice.

“Okay,” I say, “Throw it, Rei_”

“WAIIIIIIIIIT!” A high-pitched yell comes from above. Cirno flies down.

“Cirno!”

Cirno complains, “You’re mean! I wanted to come too!”

“Are you sure?” I ask, “It could be dangerous.”

“Are you saying I’m weak?”

“No. No. Welcome aboard.”

We hear another voice approach, “Well, if she’s going, I’ll go to. I’d feel bad if she didn’t have someone like me backing her up.” Mokou comes into sight.

Cirno asks, “Mokou, you’re coming too?”

“I didn’t expect that,” says Reisen, “Are you sure that you want to help rescue Kaguya?”

“Better me than anyone else,” says Mokou, “If anything, she’ll be embarrassed that I, of all people, came to rescue her.”

“Well, whatever,” says Reisen, “glad to see you’re with us.”

“Do you have room for one more?” Another volunteering voice comes from above.

“Yuyuko-sama? You want to come too?” Youmu asks her mistress, who just volunteered.

“Well, it’s not like I’m helping much by just moping around, am I?” remarks Yuyuko, “Besides, I wasn’t there for Yukari when I could have saved her. The least I can do is seeing this through.”

“But what about the Netherworld?” asks Reimu.

“That has been taken care of,” says Yuyuko, “Shall we go?”

“Okay!” Reimu tosses the ball. Halfway through midair, it turns into a gap. The nine of us proceed to enter it.

LET’S GO! 

Yukari points out, “Your appearance had taken a turn similar to Reimu’s. Is there anything else different? You know… in your mind?”

I nod, “Yes, actually. I remember everything! My life before this dream started!”

Yukari asks, “Now that you remember who you really are, Marisa, what do you want to do? Wake up and resume your life, or keep dreaming?”

“I don’t know… I now realize the significance of what I lost… but Kaguya and Mokou. I don’t want them to continue being trapped in the non-existent Gensokyo. That hasn’t changed…”

Yukari sighs, “Just thought I’d bring it up. The truth is, now that the sun had risen here, there is no turning back…”

“What?”

“You two are on the verge of awakening. Gensokyo is gone. Not a speck exists in that space anymore… except for our two favorite immortals. I can no longer access it. Nothing can get in and nothing can get out…”

I tighten my fist, “Damn it! After all that, I couldn’t save them? I’ve always found a way to win in the past, no matter what the odds. I felt that as long as I was there to do something, everything would turn out alright in the end… but this is different. I promised myself and others that I would return it to normal… and after all that, I failed in the end! Damn it… DAMN IT!” I grit my teeth as tears pour out of my eyes. I can only think of what Kaguya and Mokou are feeling right now… Alice, Sakuya, and Yukari can’t find the right words.

I suddenly feel a reassuring hand on my shoulder. Reimu looks at my face with a kind smile, but I’m not feeling any better, “Marisa…”

“What do you want, Reimu? It’s because of you that Gensokyo is gone, everyone there is gone, save a few, and Kaguya and Mokou are trapped there!”

Reimu responds, “Every dream must end, and this is no exception. However, just like they end, they also begin. Gensokyo is our creation. Yours and mine. As long as we exist, new dreams are made… and even dreamt all over again. As long as we dream, there may still be hope!”

I stop crying, “Really? Is that true, Yukari?”

Yukari shrugs, “You tell me. It’s your dream. I’m just something you two thought up. Reimu has a reasonable point, however.”

I ask Yukari, “Can’t you just… you know… open a boundary into our dreams, or something, so we can get Kaguya and Mokou out?”

Yukari closes her eyes for a few seconds “… I might, as a matter of fact, but I’m not entirely sure. That could be a problem, though, as I will need both of you together…”

“We’re here,” says Reimu, “We’re together.”

“I mean your OTHER selves,” says Yukari, “your physical selves sleeping, awaiting awakening.”

Reimu points out the difficulty behind that, “We aren’t even aware of each others’ existence on the other side… and we’ll likely forget about everyone… and everything…”

As odd as it is, I can now fully grasp the things that Reimu is talking about. In fact, at absolutely any moment, I could wake up and end this dream… but I know that Kaguya and Mokou weren’t dreamt up and we gotta figure out a way to save them somehow, so I’m trying as hard as possible to remain asleep. I’m sure Reimu is the same way right now.

Sakuya guesses, “Even after Reimu and Marisa awaken, you, Yukari, Alice, Reisen, Eirin, Cirno, and I will continue to exist?”

“Yes,” answers Yukari, “provided you, me, and Alice are out of this dimension by the time they wake up.”

“Then perhaps we can find a way to reunite them on the other side?”

“They won’t know us anymore, so it will be more complicated than that… but you may be onto something, Sakuya…”

I let out a relieved sigh, “So there’s hope after all. That’s great.”

Reimu claps her hands together, “Well, there’s our solution… hopefully. We’ll just meet again on the other side, Marisa, and get the two of them out!”

“I hope it works,” I look at Yukari, “I’m counting on you.”

Yukari says, “You can depend on us. We’ll find a way to bring you two together. Well, the only way left to go is forward. We’ll leave the two of you to awaken and return to your day-to-day lives.” Yukari opens a portal and takes a few steps toward it before looking back at us, “We will be watching!” With those final words and a wink, she disappears into the portal.

Alice approaches the portal and looks back at me, “Marisa… you… won’t forget me… will you?”

I have no truthful answer to Alice’s question that may not hurt her feelings. All I can say is, “Well, no matter what happens, we’ll see each other again, I’m sure… so… um… don’t worry, okay?”

Alice’s sadness seems to be rising. She escapes into the portal as if to hide her weakness.

“…” Sakuya turns toward the portal.

I call out, “Sakuya! Wait!”

Sakuya looks back at me, “Yes, Marisa?”

“How did you do it? How did you escape? I thought you were going to get swallowed by the void!”

Sakuya answers, “Yukari went to check on us after you went on ahead. She took me to the Netherworld before you arrived there.”

“But… If you were okay, why didn’t you come and tell me?”

Sakuya smiles somewhat mischievously, “I figured the shock treatment might work to your advantage.”

I yell out, “Damn it! You bitch! How could you leave me like that?”

Sakuya chuckles, “Heh… You shouldn’t let yourself continue to worry about it. It turned out okay for us in the end, didn’t it?”

“I guess…”

“Well, goodbye for now. Our parting will only be temporary. We shall reveal ourselves when the time is right.” Sakuya disappears into the portal, which shortly vanishes after.

“I suppose it’s that time,” says Reimu.

“Reimu?”

“Yes?”

“I don’t get you. Before you were all happy about Gensokyo disappearing and stuff, not caring about anything, but now you care about saving Kaguya and Mokou by more or less, returning to it. Why the sudden change of heart?”

Reimu looks to the bright sky, “Before, I guess I was just excited. I gained so much power over something I was among an equal in before. I was happy that I was going to see my parents and friends again. I guess I felt that Gensokyo was keeping me from them, so I lashed out against it. But as time went on, I began to see a little more clearly. I’m aware that Kaguya and Mokou aren’t of my dream and are now trapped because of my haste and selfishness. I… want to make it right. I may forget about them soon, but I hope to eventually get them out of whatever they are trapped within. I’m… happy that Yukari is a product of my dream, otherwise it wouldn’t be possible…”

“I see. Well, I’m glad you came around in the end. Well, we should move on to the next step and wake up. Everyone is waiting for us!”

“Not just yet,” says Reimu.

“Huh?”

“There is one thing, Marisa…” Reimu’s clothes suddenly transform into the red and white clothes she wore as her in-dream persona, Reimu Hakurei “… I want to resolve one thing before closing our book…” She points her gohei at me, “Our rivalry. As Reimu Hakurei and Marisa Kirisame, let us determine once and for all which one of us is strongest. Sure, the victory will be less than fleeting, but let’s make this the last memory of ourselves as we were in Gensokyo, Marisa.”

“… Fine.” On a mere whim, my clothes turn back to the white and black clothes I wore as Kirisame. Something amazing is the power I suddenly gained over my other self. Even though she was worn out from fighting Reimu before, thanks to my will, she is now back at full strength. It’s almost funny that we are basically downgrading from our actual selves for our final duel, but hey, this is between Kirisame and Hakurei, settling one final conflict before we leave the dream behind us. Our true selves have no such rivalry, as in actuality, we don’t even know each other.

Our surroundings become brighter and brighter, eventually becoming a white void. Soon after, a lot of brown and green starts to appear. When the void completely vanishes, we are in a grassy clearing surrounded by forest. It bears a remarkable resemblance to the Forest of Magic. In fact, as our surrounding are at our command, it just might as well be. I quickly hop on my broom, ascend, and glance around. On the outer edges of the forest, there is the Hakurei Shrine to the north, Scarlet Devil Mansion to the west, Eientei to the south, and the Mountain of Faith to the east. The forest we are in is diamond-shaped with each point corresponding to each location and we are in the very center of all of it.

From each location, there are spectators from the dream, who I just know are there, despite being such a distance away. From the steps leading up to the Hakurei Shrine, Suika Ibuki, Ran Yakumo, Minoriko Aki, Shizuha Aki, Keine Kamishirasawa, Chen, Letty Whiterock, and Lily White are watching. From a balcony on Eientei, Tewi Inaba and many of the other rabbit youkai are viewing us. From the clock tower of Scarlet Devil Mansion, we are being watched by Remilia Scarlet, Flandre Scarlet, Hong Meiling, Patchouli Knowledge, and Koakuma. Aya Shameimaru, Kanako Yasaka, Suwako Moriya, Sanae Kotiya, Hina Kagiyama, and Nitori Kawashiro are watching from the summit of the Mountain of Faith. Hovering in various points in the air, not from any specific locations, Yuka Kazami, Mystia Lorelei, Medicine Melancholy, Wriggle Nightbug, and Rumia watch us. It’s like all the major locations and people in Gensokyo being brought together into one place! I descend back down to Reimu.

Reimu says, “This should be a fitting location. Appropriate for our final memory!”

I nod my head, “I agree.”

“Then let the final resolution begin!” Reimu jumps away, tossing a handful of needles down at me. I jump over the needles and toward Reimu, who then throws an ofuda, which I intercept with a blast of magic, both attacks canceling each other out in a burst of smoke. I dive through the smoke and toward Reimu, delivering a punch to the side of her face, however, she just as quickly attacks back with a quick slap, followed by a kick, launching me away from her. We both land on the ground on our feet. Reimu tosses another handful of needles at me as I charge straight at her, which I narrowly dodge by sliding under them. Just as I’m about to deliver a low kick to her legs, Reimu leaps up, tossing an ofuda down at the place where she was standing.

“Oh sh_” The ofuda bursts in an explosion of light sending me sliding across the ground. Reimu flies above me and dives down foot-first. I dodge her kick at just the right moment. She gets ready to counter by tossing a needle down at me, but I swing my broom, striking her leg, stunning Reimu long enough to get back to my feet. She thrusts her gohei at me, but I quickly dodge to the side and deliver a kick, knocking her back a few feet and putting some distance between us.

Our onlookers cheer with excitement. Reimu smiles as she says, “Very good, Marisa. It’s a decent start anyway…” Reimu draws a spell card from her pocket, “Spirit Sign: Fantasy Orb!” Four balls of holy energy of various colors materialize above Reimu. One shoots down toward me, which I dodge by jumping back as it slams into the ground where I was standing. The second and third also attack me in the same way, which I dodge in the same way. I prepare a spell card, intending to counterattack after the last one. Reimu launches her last orb and I jump back to dodge it like I did with the other three, but this time, instead of crashing into the ground, it arcs straight toward me. No good! I’m wide open!

“Eeeuugghh!” The last orb slams into me and sends me reeling. Reimu dashes straight at me. Despite being a little dizzy from the attack, I manage to declare my spell card, “Magic Sign: Milky Way!” I extend my arm and send a storm of star-shaped magic blasts at Reimu, who dodges my complicated attack, by jumping, sliding, or turning to the sides, all without losing any speed. For someone who isn’t very diligent in her studies, she still manages to fight like the best of them, whereas I’m the polar opposite, hence the rivalry that we are settling right now. Even though the fight is only going to escalate from here, there is no malice in our attacks. Despite the intensity, in the end, it’s really just a friendly duel.

I hop on my broom and jet toward the miko, who dodges by jumping over me and tossing a needle at my blind side, which I quickly wise up to, look back, and intercept with a tiny blast of blue magic, causing it to spin into the air away from me. I fly upward and fire several large blasts of blue magic at Reimu. She dodges and my attacks hit the ground, bursting into small explosions. She flies up at me, narrowing the distance between us rapidly… and make both of us an easier target for each other. I fire one last blast of explosive magic, which scores a direct hit, knocking the miko back to the ground… but around the same time, I feel something hit me lightly. I look at my body and see one of Reimu’s ofuda attached on. Oh shit! I was so focused with attacking her that I didn’t notice! The ofuda bursts and I’m send tumbling back to the ground, which I hit hard, but don’t break anything. I slowly return to my feet, the two of us separated by several meters. Unfortunately for me, Reimu is quicker to declare a spell card, “Border World: Hakurei Danmaku Bounded Field!” Several ofuda materialize around Reimu and fly into portals. Portals appear all over the place, ofuda emerge from on and disappearing into another. The nature of this attack is very confusing. Sometime after we defeated Yukari, Reimu learned a little about border manipulation from her, thus she has space-manipulating spell like this… I fire a magical laser toward Reimu, but a portal opens and swallows it and comes out of a portal facing me. I move to the side, avoiding my own attack. Several portals open around me and the ofuda fly out. I dodge the first few, but I finally get mercilessly bombarded by tons of ofuda, each bursting upon contact. They are all used until there are no more, but Reimu, appearing to use an extra ounce of energy to keep this attack going, materializes another wave of ofuda to attack me with.

Here’s my chance to get outta this! “Star Sign!” After declaring a spell card, a white ball of magical energy appears in my hand. I toss it up and above Reimu, and then declare, “DRAGON METEO!” The ball turns into a large laser, about as big as my Master Spark, which fires directly down toward the ground… and Reimu. She gets hit from above and loses her focus over her spell.

“Ow…” The power of my attack, along with the presumably substantial amount of energy Reimu put into her spell, leaves her dazed.

I take advantage of the situation and declare another spell card, “Light Blast!” A magic circle appears below Reimu, “Shoot the Moon!” Another giant laser, like the one before fires up from below Reimu (the opposite of my last spell), blasting her into the sky. There is a pause of a few second after my spell ends and I wait for her to come down… … … … … Suddenly, there is an acute pain in my lower chest and notice a needle sunk in! I yank it out and focus seeing Reimu slowly descending from the sky, about to toss more needles. I roll to the side several times, avoiding her barrage.

Reimu lands and catches her breath, “That was good, Marisa… Very good… Now then…” Reimu declares a spell card, “Divine Skill: Four-Handed Yin-Yang Performance!” Four large yin-yang orbs appear above Reimu and being firing countless lasers down at me.

“Shit!” I run to the edge of the clearing and take cover behind a tree as the lasers slowly whittle away at it.

Reimu asks, “Don’t you think it’s funny… and a little strange, Marisa? No matter where you go, everyone looks up to an absolute power… a supreme being… a deity… However, as the two of us have recently witnessed, within our own personal world, we hold the absolute power over it… just like the very deities that people worship.”

“Huh?”

“When you manage to master your own world, you are the absolute power! What’s so strange… yet interesting… is that a ‘God’ exists in each and every being in existence.”

Reimu’s lasers cut through the tree I was using for cover. “Tch.” A couple hit me, but I manage to get behind another tree.

“That’s no fun!” yells Reimu, “You should find another tactic!” Suddenly, I hear a humming sound from the yin-yang orbs firing the lasers. I peek out from my hiding place and see that the four orbs stopped firing and came closer together. Below, Reimu is performing some hand seals. With her fingers interlocked in unusual ways, she thrusts her hand out. The four orbs, all at once, fire a larger, more powerful laser, not unlike my Master Spark.

“AH!” I dive out from my hiding place as the laser hits and the tree falls. Luckily, they aren’t firing the rapid barrage from before, so I take the momentary peace to ready a spell card, “Light Sign!” I summon a group of small magic circles to the ground below Reimu and her yin-yang orbs, “Earth Light Ray!” My magic circles start shooting MY laser barrage from below. Reimu back dashes out of the way, but her yin-yang orbs get bombarded and destroyed. I hop on my broomstick and declare another spell card, “Comet: Blazing Star!” A blue field surrounds me and I fly toward Reimu rapidly, intending to ram her.

Reimu declares a countermeasure spell card, “Divine Arts!” A giant magic circle expands below Reimu, “Omnidirectional Demon Binding Circle!” A massive pillar of orange light surrounds Reimu and I crash headlong into it. It overwhelms my field, breaking it and my spell and I feel the force of her attack. “HA!” Reimu’s pillar flashes and a force sends me flying up and through the air, clean out of the clearing where we were fighting.

As I’m helplessly flying in the direction of Scarlet Devil Mansion, I see that I’m on a crash course with Wriggle Nightbug! I brace for impact, but nothing happens. I see that I just flew right through her like she wasn’t even there. After a few more seconds, I crash into the wall of the clock tower, where Remilia and company are, and fall to the floor. Meiling walks over and offers me a helping hand. I try to grab her hand, but mine just passes through, just like I just did with Wriggle. Nearby, Remilia is saying something to me… or at least I THINK she is. Her mouth is moving, but I’m not hearing a voice. Judging by her expression, however, I guess she’s just upset that I’m trying to hurt Reimu, even if our battle is on non-hostile terms. Well, this is a stage that Reimu created for our final duel… but, despite how much this place tries to look like it, this is not Gensokyo… not at all. Everyone watching us is just an illusion. Still, it’s good to see them…

I get back to my feet. Reimu is flying right at me. I get back on my broom, take to the air, and fly back into the fray. Reimu and I fly alongside each other, exchanging needles and magical blasts. One of my blasts hits Reimu in the side of the face as one of her needles sinks into my arm. We descend and land in front of the Hakurei Shrine. I quickly draw a spell card and direct my arms toward Reimu, “Love Sign: Master Spark!” I fire my giant magical laser at Reimu.

Again, Reimu draws a spell card as a countermeasure, “Barrier!” Several small yin-yang orbs materialize in front of her, “Danmaku Kaleidoscope!” My laser clashes with an invisible shield formed between the orbs. Also, energy from my laser seems to get reflected back at me. Luckily, I notice that Reimu’s barrier is showing some strain from my attack.

Even though it’s going to hurt, I pour extra energy into my spell. Reimu’s shield looks dangerously close to breaking.

“Neggrrh…” Reimu seems to be feeling under the weather as I slowly overwhelm her.

“YAAA!” The barrier shatters and my laser breaks through, slamming into Reimu, knocking her back.

With both of us severely weakened, we breathe heavily. Still, as this is the battle to infinitely determine which of us is truly superior, I’m not going to give up and neither is she. I reach into my pocket to pull out another spell card, but… I don’t feel any others in there! This is the last one! Reimu pulls out a spell card, and says, “Well, This is my last one…”

“What a coincidence,” I respond.

Reimu smiles and says, “Well… shall we put an end to this? The one this truly deserves?”

“Fine!”

We both raise our final spell cards and simultaneously declare, “Last Word!” Both of our bodies undergo a transformation. Black wings emerge out of my back as white wings emerge out of Reimu’s.

The power in me explodes as we take to the sky. As I now have wings, I no longer need my broom to fly. We both move around at blinding speeds. Reimu’s gohei and my broom clash numerous times as we move about. Anyone watching us probably wouldn’t be able to detect our movement and only see the bursts of energy as our weapons clash.

“YYYAAAHHHHHHH!” Reimu and I charge at each other one last time and our weapons clash again, this time so hard that they snap in two. We discard our broken weapons and move on to using our energy attacks. Many large orbs of golden holy energy materialize around Reimu and fly toward me. I avoid some and others hit me rather hard, but I’m not weakened by much. I fire a magical laser at Reimu, though with the enormous increase in power, it’s now about as big and powerful as a Final Spark. My attack scores an indirect hit and we keep fighting, neither of us showing any signs of wearing down. Our battle continues for several minutes.

Finally, Reimu yells, “This is it, Marisa! Time to end this battle… and this dream! FANTASY HEAVEN!” Reimu spreads her arms and hundreds, literally, HUNDREDS (maybe approaching a thousand) of orbs of holy energy appear. It’s similar in nature to her Fantasy Orb spell, only with several times more orbs and each one is exponentially more powerful than normal! They fly toward me at such a speed I can’t even dodge! I’m bombarded mercilessly all over and the attack last for minutes with me unable to fight back. Reimu’s attack finally ends and she breathes quickly from such a heavy energy loss. “Can you perform your move… after that?”

That’s quite a dare. It’s not easy, as I was harmed pretty badly by that… but I can manage. I have the willpower for it! “Of course… I can!” I spread my arms and declare, “APOCALYPSE SPARK!” Several magic circles materialize around Reimu and each fires out a massive laser, all slightly more powerful than a Final Master Spark. Like I just was, Reimu get ruthlessly assaulted by numerous lasers from me, roughly 30 to 60 in number. Dark magical energy gathers into my hands and I finish the spell with a giant dark purple laser, stronger than the ones that were previously fired.

It hits and the world around us turns into a white void once again, but only for a few seconds. When it clears, we are back in our original forms, our lives steadily draining away, back in the clearing. After many deep breaths, we charge at each other one last time. “AHHHH!” We both throw a punch at the exact same time and both of our fists hit each other in the side of the face. There is a short pause, and then, in such perfect unison that it’s like looking into a mirror, we both slump to the ground. The world around us becomes a white void again, this time for good. We both revert to Starr and Kiribayashi, the weaknesses and injuries we sustained as Kirisame and Hakurei disappearing completely.

Reimu smiles cheerfully, “That was really fun, Marisa! I guess in the end, neither of us could surpass the other.”

After a brief chuckle, I say, “That’s the way it should be. I’m sure neither of us wanted a defeat that would last forever…”

“You have a point…” Reimu sighs, “So this is it, huh, Marisa? The end of the dream?”

“It’s no dream,” I say, “Gensokyo was an actual dimension. Some that were born of imagination became reality. In the end, it’s not just another fleeting fantasy.”

“True. So… we will meet again?”

“Well, as long as Yukari and the others have something to say about it, I’m sure.”

Reimu chuckles a little, “At first, I was so excited… but now I’m hesitant… I want to return to my life… but I don’t want to forget you and everyone else…”

“Even if you do, I’m sure we’ll remember at some point or another. Look at me, Reimu, remember all you did with me. Let my face be a reminder of me to you and all we’ve done, all our adventures!”

“… Marisa!” Reimu hugs, me, which I soon return.

“Let us move on, Reimu. We still have unfinished business where Gensokyo once was. This is not the end.”

“Yeah…”

With that, Reimu fades from my sight. My head feels like it’s spinning. My memories start slipping away. Where was I? Who was I just talking to…? WAS I just talking to someone? Just what the hell just happened?

…

…

…

…

…

I open my eyes. I find myself in an unfamiliar room in an uncomfortable bed. I try to sit up… Damn! I’m suddenly overcome by a horrible headache. What just happened?

… … … … Oh yeah… I was hit by a truck that ran through a red light, and… Ah, so is this a hospital room? I feel my forehead, which is wrapped in bandages. Just how long was I out? However, something feels like it’s missing…

Suddenly, a tear rolls down my face… but why? I survived the accident! I should be happy… but somehow, it feels like I forgot something important. Oh well, at least I’ll have time to think about it…

I hear voices on the other end of the door. An unfamiliar deep male voice says, “Mr. and Mrs. Starr, your daughter’s condition is stabilizing. She was out for awhile, but in the end, she was able to pull through. She is truly fortunate.”

I hear my relieved mother’s voice say, “Thank God! I was so worried!”

Looks like thing will be alright for me… but still, something feels… unfinished. Could it be my imagination, or…



In the Netherworld, Yukari explains the events that had transpired to Yuyuko and Youmu.

“I see,” says Yuyuko, “It’s great to see that those poor girls managed to recover… but even so, I can’t help but feel that we’ve abandoned Kaguya and Mokou…”

“Don’t worry,” says Yukari, “I have an idea. It may take a little time and there are no guarantees, but there may still be hope left for them.”

“I see…” Yuyuko turns to Youmu, “Youmu, will you help Yukari out?”

Youmu asks, “But what about you, Yuyuko-sama? I must be by your side to protect you!”

Yuyuko says, “Gensokyo is gone. Any threat that may befall me would be from there, but the Netherworld is now a standalone realm. I should be quite safe from now on. Besides, I also have the Prismrivers and Mima to protect me.”

Youmu bows to her mistress, “That is true. Very well, I shall assist Yukari in her goal.” 

I don’t know how long I had been out since my last internal chat with Yumei, but whatever. I finally do wake up, “Ugh…” I feel the pain in my neck, though it’s not that bad. I finally sit up to look at everyone, “Hey…”

“Ah, you’re up,” says Sakuya.

“Are you okay?” asks Alice.

“I’ll be fine,” I glare at Reisen, whose clothes and hair are still bloodstained, “Thank you for that, Reisen.”

Reisen says, “I… I only had to get you asleep somehow, and that was the fastest way! Anyway, I succeeded.” She points at the bodies of Kaguya, Mokou, and Eirin, laying side by side, “We ran into some… complications, but we did it!”

I wanted to tell Reisen, that I saw everything, but I ultimately decide to keep it private. I cut to the more important issue, “Yumei visited me again while I was out. She said she’ll come out when everyone is up.”

Yukari points toward the ground next to me, “In that case, we still have to wait a little while.”

I look where Yukari is pointing. “Zzzzzzz…” Next to me, Reimu is still asleep.

“Sigh… Same old Reimu…”

We wait about a half-hour. Eirin, Kaguya, and Mokou still hadn’t regenerated yet.

I look out at the city below; illuminated by the golden glow of the sunset, thinking about that talk I had with Reimu. Gensokyo was a good life, and in terms of the things I wished for on this side, Gensokyo seems like the more appealing choice, but… can I really leave all this behind? I stare out for several minutes.

Alice, Sakuya, and Youmu walk over to me. Alice asks, “Marisa? Are you okay? You’ve been standing there for a while.”

I explain, “Yumei… she promised that she would help revive Gensokyo, but… Between here and there, I don’t know what to choose…”

“Right,” says Youmu, “You may have your memories as Marisa Kirisame, but you are also Marisa Starr…”

Sakuya adds, “To choose which home… What to gain and what to lose. It certainly is not a light decision…”

I ask them, already knowing what some of their answers will be, “You have a choice too. Do you want to go back to your old lives or continue living here?”

Youmu says, “Marisa, you know I can’t just abandon my duties to Yuyuko-sama. After all this is over, I’m returning to Hakugyokurou.”

“I thought so… What about you, Sakuya? Are you going to go back to Remilia?”

Sakuya answers, “Of course. Maybe you’re right that I have a choice, but I owe the mistress for giving me my new life… the ability to make those decisions. I’m sorry, Marisa, but I absolutely cannot live here forever.”

I feel bad. I don’t want to lose my friends, but I don’t want to abandon my life here, either, “I know. And you, Alice? You don’t have a mistress to return to. You can keep living here, right? We can continue going to school together and everything! Even if I hate all the students there, it was great to just go there with you! How about it?”

Understandably, Alice seems to be just as conflicted as me, “I… don’t know, Marisa. You’re right, it was fun, I will admit, but I don’t know if I can leave Gensokyo behind for that…”

“I see…” Alice’s response is just as straightforward as Reimu’s. Go figure.

I look back at everyone, wondering what they would choose. Sure, they aren’t within my close circle of friends, but with all we’ve been through, I do care about them. Cirno… well, I dunno. She might want to stay here, but she has her youkai attributes that she has to hide, and I wonder how long she can stand to keep that up. Yukari, while she can go anywhere, she’d live in Gensokyo, no question. She’s lived there too long to want to change. Kaguya and Mokou used to live in this realm, but with things as I know them, even I would recommend they return to Gensokyo. Eirin and Reisen would likely go along with Kaguya’s choice. Part of me longs for Gensokyo, and the other part doesn’t want things to change. Everyone needs Gensokyo back, and I agree, but I regret that it had to come to this. If my curiosity never got the better of me, I would still be going to school with Alice and Cirno, not worrying about any of this. I’m not looking forward to Yumei’s arrival…

“Ugh…” Finally, Reimu starts to wake up. Everyone turns to her.

“Did you have a good sleep?” asks Yukari.

“Yeah,” answers Reimu, “I had a dream…” She looks over at Eirin, Kaguya, and Mokou “… or maybe it wasn’t a dream…” Heh.

Reisen’s eyes widen slightly, “You saw that?”

“Yeah,” answers Reimu, “I saw Kaguya and Mokou’s refusal to go with you, don’t worry, I didn’t hear them either, I saw you asking Eirin for help, and I remember that embarrassing attempt at a one-liner you tried to make after the battle.”

Reisen tilts her head back as she yells, “NOOOO! You heard that?” Looks like Reimu decided to bring it out after all…

Cirno asks Reisen, “What did you say?”

“…” Reisen just stands there blushing.

Luckily for our bunny-girl friend, however, Yukari changes the subject, “I don’t know why they wouldn’t want to come back, but I’m hopeful that when they wake up, we will be able to communicate with them.”

“Why?” asks Reisen.

“Within that boundary, you were connected with the waking world and they were connected with the dream world. When you removed them, they became one with the waking world again. But…”

Reisen raises an eyebrow, “But…?”

“But… something must have interfered. You should have still been able to TALK at the very least…”

“…” I have my suspicions, but no solid ground to base them upon, so I decide to not share what could be untrue.

Reisen raises her ears, “Strange…”

Before this gets any weirder, I change the subject again, “Well, Yumei said she’d be here when everyone is up, so I guess we just have to wait for the immortals to wake up now…”

“Oh, there is no need for that, Marisa. This should be fine!” In the middle of the rooftop, Yumei appears, “Hello there, every one!”

“Why hello!” Yukari greets, “So are you that Yumei everyone has been talking about?”

“The very same. It’s nice to meet you face to face at last, Yukari Yakumo!”

Alice says to Yumei rather coldly, not that I blame her, “According to Marisa, you can bring back Gensokyo! What proof do you have that you can actually do something that sounds so ludicrous as bringing back an entire dimension?”

Yumei says to Alice condescendingly, “Are you still mad about that little skirmish we had. Get over it!”

“…” Sakuya and Cirno stare at Yumei, not seeming to display a lot of open trust.

Reisen says to Yumei, “I saw you in that place where we saved Kaguya and Mokou! You’re a moon rabbit, just like me. Why are you here? Just what do you have to do with Gensokyo?”

“More than you think,” answers Yumei, “I will answer your questions in due time.”

Youmu cuts straight to the chase, “So what needs to be done to get Gensokyo back?”

“First, I will tell you everything that needs to be known about that realm you know as Gensokyo…”

We all stand and listen as Yumei explains.

“As you are aware, Gensokyo is a product of the dream of…” She gestures toward me, “Marisa Starr, and…” She gestures toward Reimu, “Reimu Kiribayashi. They fell into a deep sleep together and their minds crossed over… but how, you ask? It was because of me.”

“What?” says Reimu, “How the hell could YOU be behind that?”

“Oh, it gets better,” says Yumei with a smirk, “I am also the reason Gensokyo became more than a dream. An entire alternate universe governed by the slumber of two teenage girls.”

“What?” yell a lot of us in unison.

Yumei continues, “It was a… very interesting bit of human imagination. It was the home of many beings with interesting powers, not the least of which was you, Yukari Yakumo.”

“How?” asks Yukari.

“The dream had a history that dated back through the ages of so many other realms, and you were alive throughout a lot of it. You could freely enter other dimensions and interact with them. As a result, you, Yukari, and the dream that created you, affected history itself! That is how frickin’ powerful a dream it was! In fact, it was the reason Kaguya found a happy ending to the ordeal that was her exile to this place.”

“What do you mean?” asks Reisen.

“At the end of the story of Kaguya, which lives on in this realm today as folklore, she was supposed to be taken back to the moon by Lunarian emissaries. She tried to escape with Eirin, but they were caught and Kaguya’s compassion and memories of human were erased. Now, thanks to Gensokyo’s existence, Yukari showed up and spirited them out of harm’s way, where they lived happily ever after in Gensokyo. That is one such example of how Gensokyo affected history. Pretty fucked up, no? I told you this before, Marisa, and now all of you know it. Most of you aren’t even native to Gensokyo! Think of how it affected your lives, for better or worse, and wonder what could have happened without it.”

Yumei brought up a powerful point. Sure, maybe the accident was an inevitable mishap throughout the course of my life, but afterward, I was reunited with the friends I had in that dream. If not for that, I would still be living without anyone to call a friend.”

“That most certainly is an interesting point,” says Sakuya, “but you still haven’t answered any questions about how you are responsible for how it broke out of being a mere dream.”

Yumei explains, “I’m sure most of you don’t have a lot of knowledge of this. You, Sakuya, experienced it, not that you remember, Reisen, I’m sure is aware of it…” She looks at Eirin’s body, “And the doctor here most likely knows of it intimately…”

“What are you talking about?” asks Cirno.

Yumei turns to Reisen, “Reisen Udongein Inaba… you pointed me out as a Lunarian… Well, I most certainly am!”

“Of course…” says Reisen.

“Out of the Lunarians that have resided in Gensokyo, you have the most recent knowledge of the Lunarians’ activities. Tell me what you know about the experiments performed on moon beings with exception powers.”

Reisen says, “Well, a lot of Lunarians are born with some sort of special ability. I don’t know who runs it now, but if nothing had changed, it’s Professor Yumemi that ran the Lunarians’ science division and ran experiments on beings she considered to be exceptional.”

“That’s right.”

“But… what does that have to do with Gensokyo?”

“EVERYTHING!” Yumei roars.

“Ah!” We flinch at her outburst.

“I was born with such an ‘exceptional’ power: Embodiment of Dreams. It allowed me to take a physical form of dreams other people have, if I so will it. Just by looking at people, I could tell their most influential dreams and exploit them…”

“…”

“Well, good ol’ Professor Yumemi decided to take it to the next level. She wanted to know what would happen if my spirit was separated from my body, infused with an obscene amount of energy, and sent to Earth to merge with someone… anyone’s dream.”

“You’re talking about astral projection?” asks Alice, “I’ve only read about such an idea…”

“Well, the Lunarians can do it,” says Yumei, “It’s a civilization with a perfect mix of science, magic, and technology, all of which are utilized in more ways than you can imagine. Anyway, under those conditions, I was sent to Earth. Unfortunately, astral projection is not without its flaws. A living spirit can only roam around for a total of three earth days before becoming a dead spirit, unable to return to the body, thus killing the subject. Well, the Lunarians didn’t exactly give two shits where they shot me down into in this realm, so I ended up in the ocean and I had to keep going until I made it to land. I found a lot of animals, but trust me; I have more pride than to merge with THOSE dreams. Finally, I entered a human city. At this point, I was at my two day and twenty-two hour mark and was fading fast. Unfortunately, no one was asleep yet. I was in deep shit. However, luck found me. I saw a teenage Japanese girl get knocked out by an out-of-control truck. At that moment, she slipped into dreamland… and I felt such immense energy from her. I knew I found what I was looking for, so I merged with that dream. As that was going on, I was within the boundary between consciousness and unconsciousness, where all beings’ dreams gather. I found another dream in there, which was also quite interesting, so I merged that with me and the girl’s dream, then released the excess energy I was given, creating a whole new realm. The experiment was a success. Perhaps more successful than the prof thought it would be. That was the beginning of Gensokyo.”

“That girl was me!” yells Reimu.

“The other dream was mine?” I ask.

Alice gasps at a realization, “Impossible… you can’t mean…”

“Oh, I mean it,” says Yumei, “I AM GENSOKYO!”

“…” There is nothing but silence between us. It’s hard to believe, but equally difficult to dismiss as a lie. Gensokyo was the result of a Lunarian experiment? I never would have thought, and neither could anyone else for that matter. Even Yukari looks surprised.

Yumei continues, “In a way, you could call me a third dreamer. Sure, Gensokyo itself and its denizens were products of your imaginations, Reimu and Marisa, but the magic… accelerated healing… flight… spellcards… All those things were of the Lunarians… from my memories. In a way, Gensokyo was like the moon’s civilization in its infancy.”

“I had a feeling there was some kind of distant relation between the moon and Gensokyo,” says Reisen, “It was for those very reasons you described, Yumei. They were too similar to be a mere coincidence… But I never would have imagined that Gensokyo was the result of one of Professor Yumemi’s experiments. Gensokyo isn’t even acknowledged as such! When moon rabbits were dispatched to search the realms for Eirin-sama, they talked like it was just another realm!”

Yumei snickers, “Hehehe! All that power and advancements, and yet, even the Lunarians are powerless against the influence of history. How ironic...”

“Regardless of how Gensokyo came into being,” says Yukari, “it doesn’t matter. It’s my home… our home… no matter what the facts are.”

“Yukari is most certainly right,” says Sakuya, “and that brings us back to the main topic at hand: what can we go about bringing back Gensokyo?”

Yumei explains, “Well, Gensokyo lives on within me…” she transforms into Suika Ibuki “… that is the reason I can do this.” Okay, along with the transformation, her voice changed to Suika’s which I had only once heard in a sober tone… That’s just wrong. To prove her point further, she transforms into Yuka, then Suwako, Meiling, Chen, Hina, Sanae, and finally reverts to Yumei. “The way Gensokyo came into being before was a result of an excess of energy my spirit was artificially infused with. Believe it or not, I still have some to spare.”

Alice asks, “That excess energy… was that the reason you could use those spells without a spellcard? Theoretically, it is possible, but no one, not even a powerful youkai like Yukari, has enough energy to do it in rapid succession. That must be quite a bit of energy!”

“…” Yukari looks like she wants to raise an objection, but she knows Alice is right about even her.

“It is, oh it is,” says Yumei, “Perhaps I used a little too much, though. If I tried to create Gensokyo as a realm again, it would also require my life energy, and just like in the case of a Last Word spell, it would kill me.”

Cirno looks at Yumei dreamily, “You would die to return Gensokyo to us? I will never forget you, Yumei!”

“Do you really think I’d be released, just to die?” asks Yumei, “No, there are things I wish to live for. However, there is a method that won’t take my life…” She walks in Yukari’s direction.

“What would that be?” asks Reimu.

“You’ll see, but there are a couple things I need to… obtain first…”

“What do you need to obtain?” I ask.

“Nothing I need your help with,” says Yumei, “Only THIS!” It took me a few seconds to comprehend what happened next. When reality catches up with me, I look at Yukari impaled by Yumei’s spear! Yumei’s spear had materialized in her hand and she attacked the boundary youkai before she had a chance to react!

Yukari’s eyes are agape in pain and shock, “Ugh!”

Both Yumei and Yukari start to glow with golden light. Finally, the light disappears and Yumei yanks her weapon out of Yukari’s middle torso, “I’m so sorry it had to come to this. This could have been avoided Yukari, if you had just gone down with Gensokyo and became a part of me. Instead, I had to use my spear, the Dream Eater, to absorb your powers. You see, I need boundary manipulation to make this work.”

Everyone is surprised. Yumei turned so suddenly, no one could have expected it! With the knack for theatrics I’ve seen her use in my dreams, she had planned this since before she got out! Despite my hesitation, I’m the first to snap back and yell, “What the hell, Yumei?” My heartbeat is increasing, my body is hot all over, and I feel my tears coming.

Yumei shakes her head in a calm manner, “What are you so upset about? You wanted Gensokyo back, right? This is a necessary step!”

“I don’t give two bits of a shit about Gensokyo! I could have been happy still going to school with my friends! Even so, why did you have to do that to Yukari?”

“You look like you care about Gensokyo, now you say you don’t? Well no matter how you feel about this, Marisa, I need Gensokyo. I don’t care who needs to be sacrificed. Besides, since when did you consider Yukari a friend?”

At this point, my tears are flowing, though my rage is still dominant, “That doesn’t matter, you bitch! After all Yukari and I have been through, I care!”

Yumei raises an eyebrow, “’Bitch?’ Is that what you have to say to your good buddy, Yumei?”

“Go to hell!” I run toward Yumei, my anger making me forget that he has a spear. She swings her weapon and the shaft connects with my head, knocking me down. Shit! Even though I’ve had a ton of battles as Kirisame, now having a body not so accustomed to pain makes my head ring.

“Damn you, Yumei!” Reisen draws her gun and fires several shots at the other moon rabbit, who deflects a couple bullets with her spear as she squats down and leaps up several feet, over 40 feet, actually, landing on the roof of an adjacent taller skyscraper.

“Yumei!” Youmu proceeds to chase Yumei, but lacking her long and athletic legs, the gardener can’t match the rabbit’s jumping ability, so instead she leaps over the edge of our building, and dashes up the side of Yumei’s, drawing her wooden practice sword along the way. She reaches Yumei’s roof and their weapons clash, “That was a cheap trick! Where’s your honor, Yumei?”

“Honor?” yells Yumei, in an outright pissed off tone I have never seen her use. Their weapons clash again. Unsurprisingly, Youmu’s weapon doesn’t hold together and breaks from the impact. She thrusts one of her long legs forward, kicking Youmu in the gut, stunning her.

“Ack!”

“Shut up about ‘honor!’ I fucking hate that word! It’s nothing but self-righteous posing that serves no productive purpose, other than to give yourself a nice big pat on the back!” She runs Youmu through the shoulder with her spear, lifts her, and slings her down to our roof. The gardener lands next to me, her blood splattering on impact.

“Ugh… dammit! If only I had my swords…”

However, just as Yumei was done with Youmu, she gets caught off-guard by several knives that appear right in front of her. She guards her vitals as they sink in, “Ugh! Fuck!”

“I most certainly won’t let you get away with this!” yells Sakuya up to Yumei.

Both Youmu and Yukari are down and Reimu and I are helpless as we are now. Even if I recalled my memories as Marisa Kirisame, my body is still that of Marisa Starr, and Reimu’s is still Reimu Kiribayashi. Two ordinary human beings who are incapable of fighting this kind of battle. Reimu is checking on Yukari to see if she’s all right, so I kneel next to Youmu. Meanwhile, Alice, Sakuya, Reisen, and Cirno are busy fighting Yumei. “Hey! Youmu! Stupid question, but… are you feeling okay?”

Youmu responds, “I’ll be fine, actually. She missed my vitals. Worry about Yukari…”

“Okay…” I kneel next to Reimu, “Yukari?”

Yukari says, “That was unexpected… I only wish I was the judge of character Yuyuko is…” She gets up, despite her horrible injury “… This is a crippling wound, but I won’t let Yumei get away with such a tactic…”

Meanwhile, despite the start of the battle, our side is winning, but Yumei is still holding her own. For some reason, she’s holding off on her transformations. At this point, the sun has completely set, so she has the green light to transform into a vampire, but she seems insistent on battling in her own form.

“War Sign: Dolls War!”

“Silver Sign: Perfect Maid!”

“Visionary Wave: Mind Blowing!”

With Alice, Sakuya, and Reisen lacking the ability to jump up after Yumei, nor dash up the building, they use spellcards that fill the air with armed dolls, knives, and psycho-bullets, all of which aimed at Yumei’s perch.

“Vision Sign: Falling Dreams!” Yumei declares a spellcard in response, and above her, slanted down toward my friends, several magic circles appear, which fire out several bolts of pink light, which manage to intercept some of their projectiles, but not all of them. She gets showered by all kinds of pain, and while she’s staggering back, Cirno used the previous exchange of attacks as a chance to fly up to Yumei’s roof and deliver an ice-coated punch. “Gah! Bitch!” Yumei staggers back, but as Cirno attempts to press her attack, Yumei fights back with a roundhouse kick, which knocks the ice fairy from her perch, followed by a bolt of energy, repelling her further.

“Ow! That hurt!”

Back to Yukari, the boundary youkai gets back onto her feet, her left arm over her wound, “I’m coming, Yumei…”

“That’s suicide!” protests Reimu, “You can’t fight like that!”

Yukari smirks, “I can and I most certainly will, Reimu. Since when have I been the type to just be the helpless victim?” She had us on that one…

Before I could add in my two cents, Yukari opens a portal below her, falls in, and emerges on Yumei’s roof, right behind the traitorous bitch. Figures that after all the trouble everyone else had to get where Yumei is, it’s child’s play to Yukari. “Hello, Yumei!”

“The hell?” Yumei looks over her shoulder at Yukari who smacks her with her parasol.

“Fufufu~”

“Ugh!” Yumei attempts to counterattack with her spear, but Yukari steps out of her range, points her parasol at the rabbit, and around her, five balls of energy form, and slam into Yumei, delivering enough impact to knock her from her high perch, and 40 feet down to our roof. She slams into the ground, the blood from her wounds splattering on impact, and coughing up blood soon after, “Sh… shit…” She slowly gets up to her feet, her wounds still gushing blood, using her spear as a support. Her once fine clothes are now ripped and battered, and one of her glasses’ lenses is cracked. Wow… even with a wound like that, Yukari can still put up a pretty good fight!

“It’s over, Yumei!” Reisen aims her gun at Yumei’s head, and Sakuya draws a knife.

“Hold on!” calls out Yukari. She falls into a portal and emerges in front of Yumei, “Before we relieve you of your pain by dropping you from this skyscraper rooftop, I want to know… what you were trying to… do…” Not good! Yukari lost a ton of blood, thus draining her strength away.

“I… ugh… I told you… didn’t I, Yukari… I needed your powers… to make the new Gensokyo. Of course… everyone wasn’t very happy about me stabbing you… not a big surprise…”

“…”

Yumei continues, “Besides… do you really want to kill me? I’m your only chance of recovering Gensokyo… in any shape or form. I’m your only hope…”

“Still sounds tempting…” says Yukari, “Too… bad I’m… not particularly fond of… people who go and… attack me with spears… out of nowhere…”

“Stop talking!’ Reimu tells Yukari, “You should save your strength.”

“Don’t worry,” says Yukari, “I’m fine… Back to you, Yumei… perhaps we won’t kill you… but you will be our prisoner.”

“Sounds fair,” says Yumei.

“I certainly hope we’re not making a mistake by doing this,” says Sakuya, withdrawing her knife. Reisen puts away her handgun.

Suddenly, though, Yumei smirks, and her eyes glow golden, “On second thought, though, I say to hell with your mercy!”

“What?” yells Alice.

Yumei’s spear vanishes and she transforms again. Who she transformed into… Huh? What? I’m seeing double! I’m looking at TWO Yukaris! Of course, I know by condition and location who our Yukari is and who Yumei is, but… how could she transform into someone who didn’t disappear with Gensokyo?

“Hahaha!” Yukari/Yumei disappears into a gap and emerges on the taller building again… She really loves that building…

“Just what the hell is going on?” I demand.

Yukari/Yumei says, “Why, thank you, Yukari! Thanks to that lucky break you gave me, I was still alive to gain this new power!”

“What are you talking about?” asks Reimu.

Yukari/Yumei answers, “My spear allows me to copy the form and power of any Gensokyo resident it pierces. Unfortunately, it take a little time for those effects to take place, and during that time, I can’t transform, and, as I’m sure a lot of you found out, as plain old little Yumei, I’m not very strong. Sure, I was given all that energy, but that only works for other forms and dream-related matters. You should have dumped me overboard when you had the chance, because now that I have acquired Yukari’s powers, my plan is complete! Nothing can stop me!”

“What are you trying to do?” I demand, “Take over the world, or some shit?”

Yukari/Yumei shakes her head, “Not precisely. The world is only a stepping stone toward achieving my ultimate goal! BEHOLD!” Yumei transforms again into… something. She’s still Yukari, but… she’s something different also. She has Yukari’s face, body, and hairstyle, but Yumei’s attire and ears. Her hair is also a bright pink.

Cirno’s eyes widen, “You’re Yukari, but you’re also Yumei? Why did you turn into that, Yukarumei?”

The Yukari/Yumei mutant raises an eyebrow, and then laughs. Her voice is a unison of both Yumei’s and Yukari’s, “I like it! It’s perfect! ‘Yukarumei’ will do fine! Now then, on to my next phase…” A gap opens up below Eirin’s body, and then another below Kaguya’s.

“Eirin-sama! Princess Kaguya!” yells Reisen, “What are you doing?”

‘Yukarumei’ says, “I require Eirin for my goals, and Kaguya could come in handy too. Frankly, I suggest you worry about yourselves for my next trick! Now… I shall obliterate this realm’s boundary of dreams and reality!” Yukarumei spreads her arms dramatically, and there is a bright flash of light… Wait… I remember this! There are more flashes and I feel all the more nostalgic. From the city below, many people scream in unison.

“What’s going on?” asks Reimu.

Youmu looks at me, then Reimu, “You… should look at yourselves…”

“Huh?” I look at Reimu. She’s starting to fade into thin air. I then fearfully look at myself and the same thing is happening. I remember! The flashes! People fading away! This is what happened when Gensokyo started to disappear! Sure enough, everyone else not of this world, which is to say, everyone present here, except Reimu and me, are fine. “Oh shit! This is what happened before, only… it’s happening to Reimu and me!”

Yukarumei smiles, “This world is now on its way to becoming my dominion. Well, I’ll leave you to enjoy the events to follow. I bid you adieu.” With that, Yukarumei disappears into a gap.

“Damn you, Yumei! Get back here!” I yell.

Down below, and presumably all around the world, countless people are disappearing, just like Reimu and me.

“Dammit!” yells Reimu, “It can’t end like this!”

“Yukari!” yells Alice, “We have to save Marisa and Reimu! We’ve been in this situation! We know what to do!”

I turn to Yukari, “Open a gap and send us to another realm where we will be unaffected by this!”

Yukari says, now slumped down to one knee, due to her weakened body, “I can do something else, actually. Hold out your hands.” I don’t know what Yukari is talking about, but in about thirty or so seconds, Reimu and I won’t exist anymore, so we do what we are told. Yukari brings her hand close to ours’, closes her eyes, and I suddenly feel different, like I have been reborn! I feel powerful! I feel a rush of energy that I had forgotten, even after regaining my memories! Not only that, but our clothes are transforming too! Around my waist, an apron appears, and below that, a black skirt. My shirt turns black as well, with a white shirt underneath. A large black pointed hat appears on my head, and finally, a broom materializes in my hand! At the same time, Reimu transforms too! A red skirt appears around her waist, a sleeveless red shirt appears, two white detached sleeves appear around her arms, a red bow and a couple braids form in her hair, and finally, a long gohei appears in her hand.

I look at myself, “I’m…”

Reimu is also surprised, “How did you…?”

Yukari explains, “The border between dreams and reality doesn’t only exist for boundaries, but also individuals… I reversed yours and brought out your ‘other selves.’ I’m sure you’ve noticed something else too.” Well, I did. Reimu and I aren’t disappearing anymore.

Alice smiles, “You’re back… Kirisame.”

“Yeah…”

There are still more flashes and the screams of people below are becoming less and less frequent. It sucks we couldn’t do anything for them, but what could we have done? DAMMIT! Yumei! She’s gonna pay for this! All of a sudden, however, another reminder of the thought’s end comes along! The ground shakes violently!

“Ah-ah-ah-ah…” We all struggle to maintain our balance. No sooner than that, however, the taller adjacent skyscraper that Yumei loves so much starts to fall over in our direction! Luckily, our building is a lot sturdier and not falling, but we’re about to be crushed by the other! It hits the edge of our building and the top portion falls off, about to crush all of us like mom’s pancakes!

Sakuya quickly declares a spellcard, “Time Sign!” She thrusts her hand up at the falling tower, “Sakuya’s Special Stopwatch!” A field appears around the tower, and then suddenly, the whole thing turns to monochrome colors and freezes in midair, stopped in time while time everyplace else moves onward. “If we’re going to do something, hurry!” says Sakuya with a strained voice, “I can’t hold this for too long!”

I pull a spellcard from my pocket. I have as many as I did when I woke up, “Leave this to me!” Well, it looks like my renewed powers will be put to the test, “Magicannon!” I direct both of my arms toward the tower, “FINAL MASTER SPARK!” I fire my massive laser up at the threatening object. My beam connects and it gets blasted into pieces, which disperse all over the place. I wobble a bit, fatigued by the immense amount of energy I just released.

“Looks like you haven’t gotten rusty,” says Reimu.

“I doubt you have.”

All around us, the city is falling apart. Buildings are collapsing and toppling over, streets are getting cracked and broken, cars are getting tossed all over the place like toys. It’s like watching a disaster movie. Even distant mountains are starting to fall apart!

“I see what Yumei was trying to accomplish…” says Yukari.

“What is it?” asks Cirno.

“She wanted my powers to break the border between dreams and reality, and establish Gensokyo, which she embodies…”

Alice flinches, “Wait! Does that mean…?”

“Yes,” answers Yukari, “Yumei is turning THIS world INTO Gensokyo!”

I step back in reaction, “No way! No fucking way! THIS is what she meant when she said she would ‘revive’ Gensokyo?”

“Apparently.”

“Damn it!”

The ground continues to shake. Actually, I’m beginning to hear some of the foundations of our building begin to give way. Ocean water begins to rush in and flood the streets.

Yukari says, “These are not earthquakes. This is a result of the shift. The land is reforming itself to match Gensokyo’s geography. I’m also beginning to feel the magic of Gensokyo flow in.”

Cirno sums it up, “This is going to become Yumei’s Gensokyo?”

“Yes.”

Reimu looks out at the ruining world, “Damn! We have to find Yumei and stop her!”

“We also have to save Eirin-sama and the princess!” adds Reisen.

“What do you think she would possibly want with them?” asks Sakuya.

Reisen says, “Princess Kaguya, I’m not so sure, but Eirin-sama… the Hourai Elixir! That HAS to be it!”

“Dammit!” I yell, “We have to get a move on!”

“Hold it!” yells Yukari, “This world is becoming too dangerous! If we stay here any longer, we will be killed! We should escape for now. We can come back and deal with Yumei another day!”

“But…” I can’t say anymore. I want to go out there, find Yumei, and kick her ass, but my rational side agrees with Yukari. With all the destruction, there’s no way we’ll survive before things settle down.

“Okay…” We all nod in agreement.

Yukari opens a gap, “This will take us to Hakugyokurou! Get in!”

“Okay!”

Sakuya picks up Youmu and enters the portal; Cirno drags Mokou’s body in; Reisen and Alice also rush ahead. Reimu and I are about to enter, but we notice that Yukari isn’t following us.

“C’mon, Yukari!” I yell, “Move your ass!”

Yukari is still on one knee, but she begins to wobble a little, “I’m sorry. I’m afraid I’ve used too much energy. I can no longer move.”

“You idiot!” Reimu snaps, “You weren’t alright at all! You were just putting on an act so we wouldn’t worry about you!” She sticks out her hand to Yukari, “Hold my hand! We’ll get outta here together!”

“No we won’t,” says Yukari, “There’s no time…”

I look at the portal. Slowly, but surely, it’s shrinking. In only a matter of seconds, we won’t fit! “Dammit! She’s right! We don’t have much time!”

“How can we get back?” explodes Reimu.

Yukari holds out her hand to Reimu, and a green ball appears. It looks like the one I got before, which took us to Makai, “Take this. If you throw it against something, a gap will open, that will lead back here.”

Reimu takes the ball, but still insists on finding a way to save Yukari, “If we hurry, we can…” More shaking. Now this building’s supports are snapping wildly. The place will break at any moment.

“Reimu, I don’t like it either, but we have no choice!” The portal is shrinking more and more.

Yukari imparts one last thing, “Reimu and Marisa… Remember, even though Yumei has taken control of Gensokyo… it was still your dream. Never forget that…”

Reimu observes the situation, and the harsh reality downs on her, “Damn it… DAMN IT! I’m sorry, Yukari!” She runs ahead and dives into the portal.

“Yukari…” I dive in after Reimu. Our tears strained the ground behind us. It’s just like that time I thought I lost Sakuya, someone close to me putting herself in a hopeless situation, and me powerless to do anything… only… it’s actually happening… I will lose this person…

Damn Yumei! Not only have we lost our world and everything we hold dear upon it, but we also lost Yukari. I don’t know what Yumei’s big plan is, but she won’t live long enough to achieve it if I have anything to say about it!

Goodbye, Yukari…

==

The gap closes and Yukari finally drops from her knee and to the ground, “Reimu… Marisa… Don’t die…” With that, Yukari falls lifelessly limp, and at the same time, the building collapses into the raging flood below. 

“Our dream is almost over. Soon, we will return to our everyday lives. For now, however, let us reminisce on our adventures together.”

“Reminisce? We could have many more adventures together! Just come back with me!”

Reimu shakes her head, “I’m afraid not. Gensokyo was fun, but it was just a way of keeping myself entertained until I got my life back. At the end, the true form of my existence awaits me. You should want to get your life back too.”

I turn my head to the side, “Reimu… will nothing I say convince you to come back and revive Gensokyo? We have friends trapped in the void that remains of it. Are you just gonna leave them?”

Reimu sighs, “It’s unfortunate, but that’s just the way it’s going to have to be. There is no stopping the natural course of dreams.”

Shit. I guess reason is not going to affect Reimu. Her position is not budging at all, “Will nothing I say convince you to come back with me? To continue the dream?”

“I’m sorry, Marisa, but no.”

I make a fist, “You must, Reimu! Sakuya… Kaguya… Mokou… You are their only hope… and everyone else in Gensokyo!”

Reimu responds, “How many times do you have to be reminded, Marisa? Those that disappeared… they are not real. They do not exist. They are pure fiction. Having any lasting emotional attachment to them is childish and silly.”

I grit my teeth, “Damn it, Reimu! I WILL take you back with me, even if it means dragging your unconscious body back with me! I’ll do whatever it takes!”

Reimu sighs, “It’s the last moment we’ll spend together and you want the situation to be a violent one?”

“I’ll make sure we’ll spend MANY peaceful moments together after this!”

“Marisa, do you truly believe you are in the right?”

“I do!”

“I see. Then we’ll let this battle be a contest of who is right and who is wrong. If you defeat me by any chance, I will return Gensokyo.”

“Fine by me.”

“Then let’s do this.” Reimu descends and lands on an invisible surface. I follow her. Sure enough, we are standing on solid ground, although it’s invisible. Reimu opens her hand, and her 5-foot-long gohei staff materializes. I grab my broom, intending to use it as a weapon too. Although Reimu’s gohei and my broom are wooden, they were imbued with powerful magic, so they are as durable as steel, although they still weigh as much as wood.

“REIMU!” I charge at Reimu and swing my broom. However, she turns her body, narrow evading my attack.

“Teehee! Your attacks are still as predictable as ever, Marisa.” Reimu ducks down and knocks me to the ground with a sweep kick.

“Ah!” Even though I hit the ground rather hard, I recover fast enough and extend my left hand toward Reimu and fire off a green burst of magical energy. Reimu jumps away, remaining inches in front of the blast and deflects it with her gohei. She lands then jumps again, with several ofuda appearing in her left hand she tosses them at me. I quickly get my right foot firmly on the ground a spring away as the ofuda close in. Upon hitting the ground where I was, they explode in a blast of white holy energy. The force of the explosion pushes me back, and the brightness of the light stings my eyes. Luckily, I manage to adjust my eyes just in time as Reimu jumps at me and swings her gohei. I raise my broom and block her attack. She attempts a low attack, but I block that too, and she follows it with a second high attack, in which our weapons clash again and press together as we try to overpower each other. I’m the first to wise up to the circumstances, however. I grin as I step to the side and lower my weapon as Reimu’s suddenly wasted strength causes her to stumble forward, dropping her defenses. I attempt a quick counterattack; however, Reimu uses her right foot to spring upward and, using her flying ability as a means of performing an otherwise physically ineffective attack, launches a midair reverse-roundhouse kick. Her heel connects with my cheek and I’m sent flying several feet, the motion blowing my hat off in midair. I hit the ground, back-first. Reimu jumps up and above me with her right leg raised, intending to hit me with an axe-kick. At the last second, I roll out of the way as her heel hits the ground. I thrust my broom’s shaft up at her and it connects with her jaw.

“Ah?” Reimu stagger back as I return to my feet. I swing my broom at her like a baseball bat, but she quickly ducks below my attack then springs up, performing a back flip, the tip of her foot connecting with my chin, launching me upward. I aim my hand toward the ground while the rest of me is stunned and blindly fires off a laser. “UGH!” Reimu grunts, which indicates to me that my attack hit. I recover in midair and land on my feet. Reimu recovers as well. A needle materializes in her hand which she tosses at me, but I deflect it with my broom.

“YAAAAA!” We both charge at each other. Our makeshift staves clash. Out left hand both let go and glow with magical energy and holy energy respectively. We both throw a punch, which connects with the side of each other’s faces, the force sending us both flying several feet. We both hit the ground, recover, and rise back to our feet at the exact same time, panting.

“Not… bad…” says Reimu, in between breaths.

“Just what… I was… expecting…” I say. With both take a few seconds for our breathes to catch up.

Reimu pulls a spell card from her pocket, “That was quite fun, Marisa, but I think it’s time to take this up another level.”

“What are you gonna do?” I ask, “Use the spell cards of people like Remilia, Meiling, Suwako, and Aya?”

Reimu shakes her head, “We aren’t in Gensokyo anymore. I lost that power with my departure from that world. We are no longer in a world specifically of my mind’s creation. As a result, I’m somewhat weaker that I was when I fought you, Sakuya, Kaguya, and Mokou. However, as long as I’m like this, I have one more power to draw out with my spell cards.”

“What’s that?” I ask.

“My memories,” answers Reimu, “Time to reminisce.” She raises her spell card, declaring, “Scarlet Dream: Cogwheels of Fate!”

The red mist around us vanishes, making the view of the area a great deal clearer. A red aura emanates from Reimu. Just what does she have going?”

“Lävatein!” A red beam, about 7 feet in length, extends from the tip of Reimu’s gohei and she swings it as me, catching me off-guard, as I wasn’t expecting it. “Hailstorm!” Several blades of ice start to rain down from the sky diagonally.

I recover and use a spell card, “Ritualic Space: Orreries Solar System!” Six shining orbs materialize around me. I jump toward the hail of blades and my orbs smash through them. I then launch them at Reimu, but she suddenly fades into the darkness, and then reappears after my attack flies by, unscathed.

“Killing Doll!” Several knives materialize around Reimu then launch toward me in a concentrated fashion. I step to the side, though the series of knives grazes my right arm. Reimu’s red aura vanishes, “What do you think?”

“What… the… hell…? What was that? Those attacks were…”

“… From my memories? If that was what you were thinking, then you’re absolutely right. My past battles play a part in this present battle.”

I was actually thinking that those attacks weren’t actually hers, but she had a point about the past battles. During the mist incident, Reimu fought Sakuya, Flandre, Cirno, and Rumia, a darkness youkai that recently became one of Alice’s students more recently. She used spell card techniques belonging to Flandre, Cirno, and Sakuya, and Rumia’s ability to fade into darkness. She can take on the abilities of opponents she fought during specific incidents?

Reimu pulls out another spell card, “Let’s move onto the next memory of our adventures, Marisa. Ghostly Dream: Wakeless Spring Slumber!” In the distance, the fully bloomed Saigyou Ayakashi, the Perfect Cherry Blossom vanishes and a pink aura emanates from Reimu.

Time to think… Whose abilities will Reimu use? She fought Lunasa, Merlin, and Lyrica Prismriver, poltergeist musicians of Yuyuko, Chen, a nekomata shikigami belonging to Yukari’s kitsune shikigami, Ran, and Yukari herself.

Reimu smiles and declares, “Prism Concerto!” Two Reimu clones appear at her side, one in red clothes, more so than her usual outfit, and the other in black clothes, and with the original Reimu’s white clothes, the three clones sort of resemble the Prismrivers. A bow of light appears in one black Reimu’s hand and a sword with a curved blade appears in the hand of the red Reimu. All three of them draw spell cards, “Flight of Idaten!” They suddenly vanish… or rather take off at an intense speed, as I have to really concentrate to follow their movement. As if their speed wasn’t enough, however, they are also using Yukari’s boundary manipulation skills to open portals, disappearing an emerging from another portal in varying locations. I can’t predict them at all!

I try to keep my distance, firing bolts of my magic, but always missing. Finally, the Reimus decide to stop confusing me with their movement and go on the offensive. The red Reimu emerges from a portal that opens in front of me and swings her sword. I jump back, barely avoiding the attack. However, from a portal above ‘Red,’ ‘Black’ emerges and fires an arrow of bright light at me, which pierces me clean through the left shoulder. “Errghhh!” Okay, it didn’t hurt as much as I thought it would, but it was still somewhat painful. ‘Red’ and ‘Black’ vanish into their portals and, floating behind them, Reimu (the original) materializes a large number of rainbow-colored blades around her and sends them at me. I deflect as many as I can with my broom and magic, buts finally, one breaks through my defenses and the others tear through. After the attack, ‘Red’ and ‘Black’ appear in front of me again, their weapons readied at point-black range. This is not good…

“Okay! Now then… huh?” As the original Reimu is about to give an order to the two duplicates, she notices something in the air above and behind me.

“Marisa! Hold on!” A familiar voice yells as a red laser shoots down at the black Reimu, piercing her through the chest, causing her to fade into thin air. A doll armed with a sword dives down at the red Reimu, who jumps up and cuts through it, but another ‘sword doll’ backs up its fallen comrade and also pierces her through the chest, causing her to vanish.

Although I know who just came to my aid, I look back anyway, “Whew! Thank you, Alice! I was in sort of a tight spot there…” Alice descends to my side.

Reimu sighs and says, “Alice Margatroid. Do you know what you are doing? I am the reason you are here. I am like a mother to you.”

Alice responds, “Even if I am a part of your dream, Reimu, I cannot think of you as my mother. After all, you lived as an equal with the rest of us for a long time. I fail to see you as anything different, even now. Even if it is as you say, I will protect and help Marisa and the rest of my friends, and take you back with us.”

Reimu chuckles, “It’s strange… how the figments of my own dream are trying to prevent ME from awakening. Very well, Alice. You can try to stop me. After all, there are only a few more minutes and the sun rises and this all ends.” I won’t doubt what she’s saying, but the sky hadn’t gotten any brighter since I got here. I find it hard to believe…

I glance at Alice, “We’d better not waste any time…”

“Yes,” responds Alice with a nod.

Reimu readies her next spell card, “Imperishable Dream: Nocturne at Two o'clock!” The pink glow of the lunatic moon vanishes and it expands into a full moon. At the same time, the sky turns from black to a dull blue. Shit, NOW it’s easy to believe that our time is almost up. Kaguya’s moon made sure that it was always night! Reimu turns toward Alice, extends her arm, and cracks a mysterious smile, “Master Spark!”

“Wh_?” Before Alice could figure out what was happening, Reimu engulfs her with a massive laser, with the same name and appearance as mine. Oh yeah, she DID fight ME during the moon incident, while I was under Reisen’s mind control… When Reimu’s attack ends, Alice is on the ground, several feet away from her original location, “Ugh…”

I ready a spell card, preparing to counterattack, but Reimu glances at me and snaps her fingers, “Force Crisis!” A purple meteor-thing rockets down from the sky and toward me. I jumps back, but an explosion follows, with enough force to knock me away. I land next to where Alice was knocked to, landing on my feet, just as she is getting back on hers’.

Alice declares a spell card, “Corps Command!” Alice’s doll, which is always around her, Shanghai, multiplies into tens of duplicates. “Shanghai Battalion!” Spears, rapiers, axes, bows, scythes, old-style firearms, and various other weapons materialize in the hands of the many Shanghai dolls. All at once, the charge at Reimu or prepare to shoot at her from a distance.

Reimu smirks slightly, “Impressive, Alice. If I hadn’t the appropriate countermeasures, I might even be intimidated. Butterfly Storm!” Several glowing butterflies materialize around Reimu and charge at Alice’s incoming army. Both forces clash. However, Reimu’s butterflies gain the upper hand by guarding against the dolls’ attacks by blocking with the razor-sharp edges of their wings, then crashing into the dolls and exploding. Reimu picks off the dolls that broke through her counterattack by throwing ofuda at them, which detonate on contact. The result is a large cloud of gray and pink smoke.

In an attempt to catch Reimu off guard, I declare a spell card, “Magic Sign: Milky Way!” I send a flurry of star-shaped magical blasts into the cloud. On the other end, I hear some light bursting sounds and some grunts from Reimu’s voice. The smoke clears and Reimu is down on one knee, supporting herself with her gohei.

Reimu return to her feet, “Not bad, Marisa. I figured you might do that, but it was before I could properly prepare. However, that was not good enough. Now get ready for the next memory! View Dream: Revolving Lantern of the Tenth Year!” Reimu declares her next spell card. The unbloomed suzuran on the trees whither away. Coins, each with holes in the middle, materialize in Reimu’s hand. They are afterlife currency, called karma, but Komachi, back when we fought her, has the ability to infuse them with energy and use them as powerful weapons. “Storm Day!” There is suddenly a cool breeze around us… which quickly picks up and becomes a tornado, sucking me and Alice in. We both grab my broom to keep us from getting separated and to move in this windstorm… at least a little. Reimu appears at the middle of the cyclone, seemingly unaffected by it, as Alice and I spiral around her. Alice summons a doll, which appears in front of Reimu and fires a red laser before getting swept up as well. However, Reimu extends her hand and blocks it. “Higan Retour!” Reimu throws the coins at us, which multiply along the way, which also get caught up in the whirlwind, making the going very hazardous. Both me and Alice get hit and burned several times by the energy-infused coins.

A coin hits my shoulder, “Agh! Damn it! We gotta end this soon, or…” I grab a spell card with my free hand and declare, “Magicannon!” Intense magical energy flows into me as I instruct Alice, “Alice, don’t let go of the broom!” I pull myself up, kick off the broom’s shaft, and dive toward Reimu, who suddenly has six beams extending from her back. “FINAL MASTER SPARK!” I cast my ultimate ‘spark’ spell. My massive laser flies toward Reimu. I summon my broom over to me to keep myself in place, barely resisting the tornado’s wind.

However, Reimu was not unprepared this time. “Last Judgment!” Reimu fires a large purple laser at me, of equal size, a technique belonging to Sikieiki. Our beams clash and the magical and divine energy from our respective attacks goes crazy, flying outward, causing the coins to explode. I’m barely holding on, but Reimu doesn’t seem to be having much trouble, “Oh, Marisa. I may be weaker than I was when you fought me with Sakuya, Mokou, and Kaguya, but my power still outclasses yours!” Reimu’s laser gradually overpowers mine. Damn it, this is not good to say the least.

“Arcane Craft: Magical Marisa Dolls –Master Spark-!” Alice declares a spell card I’ve never heard of. I look out the corners of my eyes. In one direction, then the other. Alice had summoned two dolls, which look just like ME! They even have the hat ribbons and aprons! Both dolls extend a hand in Reimu’s direction and fire slightly smaller versions of my Master Spark. They join with my Final Master Spark, making the laser even more powerful! The status of the power struggle becomes neutral, with either side gaining the advantage. I glance at Alice with a serious expression. Alice nods in return. We both focus all the power we can into the attack, making our beam quickly overpower Reimu’s.

“WHAT?” Reimu’s eyes widen in awe and dismay as the laser completely engulfs her. The spell is broken. The tornado stops and the three of us are sent flying in various directions. We all hit the ground hard. The taste of blood is in my mouth as I crawl in the fallen Reimu’s direction. Reimu looks at me and smiles wearily, “That was pretty good, Marisa. I guess I shouldn’t have underestimated Alice’s power.

Alice recovers slowly, “When I have such an important goal in mind, not even you can stop me, Reimu.”

“I see,” responds Reimu.

I say, “Come back with us, Reimu. Please. Is the life that awaits you on the other side really that important?”

Reimu slowly rises to her feet, “Of course. It’s my family… my friends… my life… Dreams like this are fine, but in the end, that’s all they are: dreams. We all have to wake up sometime. Even you, Marisa. You may lack the memories of you other self, so you fail to realize the significance of what you have.”

“I don’t…”

“Ah! Marisa! L-look…” Alice gets to her feet and points at the sky. I get back to my feet as well. Up above, the sun appears over the horizon.

“It’s time,” says Reimu.

Suddenly, there is an acute pain through my head, like the kind of headache that makes it suck to be alive at the moment. I feel the information in my brain rearrange in ways I can’t describe. I close my eyes tightly and slump to my knees as I hold my head with my hands. I remember things… that are not of my life as Marisa Kirisame. My parents, my friends, my school, my experiences, both good and bad, my ambitions, my desires, my passions… my life! I’m…

“Marisa, your clothes!” Alice shouts out.

I look and see that my clothes had changed color. Instead of black, they turned white, like Reimu’s.

More memories come flowing back to me. I was staying at school late to complete an important project. As such, I missed the bus home. As my house was not within walking distance, I decided to take the subway instead. As I was crossing the last crosswalk, a truck ran a red light and… … … … Wow… Life bites you in the ass when you're not expecting it at all. I guess that's a... unfortunate, yet charming aspect of it… Still, it’s not like all bad came of it…

Reimu looks at me with a welcoming smile, “I see you are now with us… Marisa Starr.”

A portal opens up nearby. Yukari emerges from it, saying, “So it’s too late. Things couldn’t be changed…”

“Shoot. I was rather aware of this possibility, but… Reimu and Marisa… up until now, they had always found a way of turning things around…” A second figure emerges from the portal. A figure I was not expecting at all.

“What? Sakuya? But… but how did you…?”

Sakuya says solemnly, “Honestly, Marisa, I think we have more pressing matters at hand at the moment…” 
Meanwhile, at the same time as all other events unfold, Alice and Sakuya emerge from the other side of the portal they fell into during the battle with Tenshi. On the other side, they are surrounded by snow and icy mountains, but the temperature is surprisingly lukewarm.

“Is this…?” Sakuya feels a slight sense of familiarity regarding the place.

However, Alice remembers it immediately, “We’re in Makai!”

“Just as I thought…” Sakuya had only previously spent a few minutes in Makai, but with Alice’s revelation, it all comes back to her.

Alice yells, “Marisa! Reimu! Youmu! They were still fighting! We must find a way back!”

“Do you happen to know a way?” asks Sakuya.

Alice says, “Shinki… You are there, aren’t you?”

Out of thin air, Shinki materializes in front of Alice and Sakuya, “My dearest Alice, I am relieved beyond words to see you unharmed. It looks like I acted in time. Words fail to express my happiness.”

Alice smiles, “It’s nice to see you again, Shinki. I appreciate that you saved us. Otherwise we would have been dead for sure.”

Shinki responds, “Do not forget, Alice, that I see you as a daughter, despite the fact that you were not born from me. I always do everything in my power to see to it that my children remain unharmed.”

Alice bows with gratitude, “I thank you… from the bottom of my heart. May I please ask that you please return us to where you retrieved us from? Our friends are battling a strong opponent. They need us.”

Shinki slowly shakes her head, “That, I cannot do.”

“Why?” demands Sakuya.

Shinki gazes at Alice with a serious expression, “Alice, you did receive my warning about events I foresaw, did you not?”

Alice nods, “Yes. You sent Yuki to relay that message to me.”

“Who is Yuki?” asks Sakuya, “When did that happen?”

“You saw her,” says Alice, “It was soon after we arrived in Japan. We were on the bench with Marisa waiting for Reimu and Youmu. She walked by and I followed her.”

Sakuya vaguely recalls the event, “Oh yes…”

Shinki says to Alice, “Surely you are aware, then, that if the threat of death threatened you, I would try to save you.”

“And you did,” responds Alice, “That disaster was prevented. I am not in danger anymore. Please send us back.”

Shinki shakes her head, “No. While it is true your life had been saved, the prophecy still remains. If you go back there, sooner or later, you will surely die. Your death can only be prevented if you remain here. I will not let you go back to meet your unfortunate fate.”

“Then what about our friends?” yells Alice, “What if they die because we weren’t there to do something to save them?”

“…” Shinki stands in silence, and then chuckles, “Hmhmhm…”

“What’s so funny?” asks Sakuya.

Shinki smiles warmly, “You’ve changed, Alice. Before, you would care not about such matters. You would keep to yourself and disregard the world around you. This is indeed a startling change in attitude. You’ve most certainly grown up.”

“Then you understand me?” asks Alice, “Please, send Sakuya and I back to where we were! I’ll be careful, I promise.”

Shinki closes her eyes and shakes her head, “I am afraid that changes nothing, however. I cannot permit it.”

“Please!” yells Alice desperately.

“Your friends may live, or they may not,” says Shinki, “But your death is a certainty if you choose to persist along that path. I know it’s difficult, but leave all your worldly troubles behind and live your life with us again. I will also welcome your companion as one among the sisterhood.”

“There are things I must do too,” says Sakuya, “I will not turn away from them.”

Shinki pauses “… … … I see. Perhaps you need some time to yourselves to grasp the situation. She points in the distance, toward a castle that looks small from where they are, but would be immense up close. It has several towers and spires protruding from it, “I will await your arrival there. Please take your time and sort out whatever issues you may have. I bid you farewell for now.” Shinki opens a black gap and disappears into it.

“Wait!” cries Alice.

“She’s gone,” says Sakuya.

“…”

“So what do you propose we do?” asks the maid, “Shall we meet her again at that castle?”

With one fist clenched, Alice says, “The others are still fighting as we speak. With the way things are, we won’t make it back in time…”

“Don’t talk like they will be doomed without us,” says Sakuya, “We’ll just have to hope they find a way. It wouldn’t be the first time…”

“True…”

Sakuya takes a couple steps in the castle’s direction, “Our destination is rather obvious. If we want to go back, we must talk to Shinki again, correct? We might as well do that.”

“Yes…” Alice follows the maid.


In the city area, Cirno finds Mokou sitting on the edge of the supermarket’s roof, looking out at the sunset.

“Hey! Mokou!”

Mokou glances back over her shoulder at the ice fairy, “Oh. Fairy girl.”

“The sunset is cool, isn’t it?”

Mokou shrugs, “Whatever. What’s the point in pointing it out? You’re acting like you’ve never seen a sunset before.”

“But… Isn’t there anything that you like, no matter how many times you’ve seen it?”

Mokou leans back, “Dunno. Seeing how Princess ends up after I give her a good ass-kicking? Lightens my mood every time.”

“By ‘Princess,’ you mean Kaguya?”

“No shit. What other princesses are there?”

“Why do you have to talk like that?” asks Cirno, “You’re so mean! I just wanted to talk to you!”

Mokou sighs and responds, “Sorry. It’s just my personality, I guess. No wonder I don’t have a lot of friends… Heh…” Mokou pats the ledge next to her, “Come here. Sit next to me.”

“What?”

Mokou does her best to smile, “I’m not upset with you, okay? Let’s just sit and talk. I don’t bite.”

“Okay…” Cirno sits next to Mokou. Their legs dangle over the edge of the roof and they gaze at the sunset together.

Mokou pulls a box out of her pocket, which happens to be a pack of cigarettes. She pulls a cigarette out of the pack, ignites one of her fingers, and lights it. She holds the pack out to Cirno, “Want one?”

“Okay!” Cirno pulls a cigarette out and puts it in her mouth. Mokou lights it.

Cirno observes the way Mokou smokes, then inhales, “ACK!” and then gags, causing her to drop the cigarette.

Mokou chuckles, “Hmhm… Not your thing, huh?”

“Wait…” Cirno examines the pack, “Ah!” She pulls the cigarette out of Mokou’s mouth and throws it over the side of the building.

“Aw, what the hell?”

Cirno exclaims, “I just remembered! Reisen taught me about these earlier! She said they can cause ‘lung cancer.’ I have no idea what that is, but it sounds bad.”

Mokou leans back, “Good advice.”

“Why are you using those?”

“Dunno. Felt like it.”

“Do you know what ‘lung cancer’ is?”

Mokou gives her best possible explanation, “I just heard about it somewhere. Basically, it makes someone’s lungs all shitty, and kills them.”

“You knew that? It could have happened to you?” Cirno realizes something else, “Ah! It could have happened to me! You just tried to kill me, didn’t you?”

“Relax,” says Mokou, “One won’t do that. Besides, it’s not like I have a reason to care what it does to me.”

“Why?”

“You know damn well why. Because I’m immortal. I can just die and come back, damage 100% repaired.”

Cirno sighs with relief, “Whew. You’re really lucky…”

“No I’m not,” says Mokou, “YOU’RE the lucky one.”

“Why?” asks the ice fairy, “You can’t die, but I can...”

“It’s BECAUSE you can die that you’re lucky.”

“What…?”

Mokou focuses her gaze on the sunset, “It means you can appreciate your existence. You can only do a finite amount of things in your lifetime, and that is what makes it precious. You make friends and form relationships, and someday, you can look back on all that, say you’ve loved life, and go out with a smile. Life is one’s story, and everyone hopes it has an exciting middle and a happy ending…” Mokou sighs and directs her melancholy expression toward the ruined cityscape “… but not me. There is a beginning and an eternal middle, but no ending… And I can’t say that I’m proud of what I’ve done so far.”

“B-but…” Cirno stutters, “Um… er… That doesn’t mean you can’t… y’know, fix things. Also, you can do things you like and remember them.”

“Remember them?” Mokou scoffs, “Yeah right. Getting trapped in Reimu’s mind? Learning Gensokyo was a dream? Fighting constantly with an alien princess? Hell, the conversation I’m having with you right now? It may be thousands of years, but eventually, I’ll forget everything. That’s what the flow of time does. It makes you forget. The longer you live, the more blurry and distant the things you’ve done become, until that memory becomes nothing but inexistence. Most of the time, I forget why I’m fighting with Kaguya. Her very existence reminds me, but who knows how long it’s going to be until I lose my memory and motivation to do so? After that, then what? I just keep on living! THAT’S why you’re lucky, fairy girl. You can go out with those memories. You don’t keep going and lose what’s important!”

“Then why do you care?” asks Cirno.

“What?”

“You came along with us, and you’re helping us. You talk as if you shouldn’t care about anything, because you’re afraid you’ll forget, but you are here… I don’t get it…”

“Ah!” To Mokou’s surprise, Cirno’s comment caught her off guard, “I… don’t know… I’m trying to rescue Kaguya… I know I want to… but why? What’s the point…?” Mokou shakes her head, “Dammit! I wish I had an answer, fairy girl…”


Back in Makai, Alice and Sakuya fly over the fields of snow, gradually getting closer to the castle.

Along the way, Sakuya asks, “Alice, what exactly is your relation to Shinki? I’m aware you have something like that of a daughter and mother, but how, may I ask, did you come to know her?”

Alice responds, “She is the reason I became a youkai…”

“What?”

“Well, I used to be human. A powerful human mage, disgusted with fellow humans. As an outcast, I traveled, and was eventually found by Shinki. She made me a youkai… a demon to be exact, so I could become distant from the humans I used to hate so much…”

“I see. It’s no wonder she was so surprised to find out that you wanted to go back to help our friends… humans…”

Alice smiles, “Yes, it is quite ironic, now that I think about it…”

“But she said that you’ll die if you do. Are you sure? I mean, I could go back alone, and you could remain here, where she claims you’ll be safe. I think she’d agree to that.”

“I imagine she would,” says Alice, quickening her pace to keep up with Sakuya, “But… despite my past, I will return to help those I’ve come to care about. Whatever is supposed to kill me, I’ll be careful. I know about it, so I won’t be done in so easily! If you leave here, you won’t be alone.”

“Something tells me Shinki won’t have that…”

“We’ll just have to be more persuasive…”

“I can do that,” says Sakuya, “If my words can’t convince her, my knives will!”

“Ah!” Alice zooms ahead so she can run in front of the maid and look her in the eye, “That is ABSOLUTELY out of the question! Shinki is immensely powerful.”

“It wouldn’t be the first time we’ve had a powerful opponent…”

“The answer is still no! Yukari… Yuka… Suika… Yuyuko… Kanako… I imagine even Yumei when she fused Yukari’s powers with her own… Shinki is more powerful than ANY of them!”

Sakuya’s eyes widen, “She’s that strong? What makes you say that?”

Alice looks out at the landscape, “Shinki is the sole being responsible for all of this. She created Makai and everyone who lives here. It was all her doing. Unlike Yumei, she created it from nothing.”

“Unreal…” says Sakuya.

“We’ll just have to find some other way to convince her…”

They continue walking. A half-hour slowly goes by.

“A demon…” Sakuya recalls Alice’s previous words, “So that’s the kind of youkai you are?”

“It isn’t much different from most kinds of youkai.

“Well, I can understand why you weren’t specific about the type of youaki you were. If I recall correctly, based on something Patchouli told me some time ago, demons are generally viewed as terrible things in Gensokyo.”

“You are right…” Alice says one more thing under her breath “It’s appropriate for someone like me, though…”

“Did you say something?”

“No…”

Sakuya looks ahead toward the castle, which is now very close, “It appeared that Shinki is capable of manipulating boundaries.”

“She can,” says Alice, “However, she is bound to Makai, so she can’t leave. She can send others to and from, though. However, she doesn’t have that ability naturally, so it requires a lot of her power to link this realm to another. She can use it pretty freely within Makai’s boundary, though...”

“I see…” says Sakuya, “Yet, she used it to help us. She really loves you if she’s willing to go that far…”

Alice sighs, “Yes, she views me like a daughter. She’s a mother in every sense of the word…”

Sakuya’s eyes narrow, “I see. This is going to be difficult…”

They finally reach the castle. They enter an entryway where they are greeted by two girls, one of whom being Yuki, the girl Alice had a brief encounter with in Japan. The other girl has light blue eyes and hair, and wears a white dress and hair ribbon.

Yuki gives a cheerful wave, “Alice! We meet again! Welcome back to Makai, dear sister!”

The other girl glances at Sakuya, and then Alice, giving the latter a very brief dirty look “…”

“Hm?” Sakuya is the only one who notices the other girl’s passing expression.

“It’s… good to see you again, Yuki,” Alice returns the greeting. She looks at the other girl, “And you too, Mai.”

“…” The girl, identified as Mai, stands silently.

Yuki looks at Sakuya, “Hey! I remember you! Your hair was a little longer and you were dressed differently, but you were with Alice when I went to visit her. What’s your name?”

“Sakuya,” answers the maid.

Yuki slowly approaches Sakuya, “It’s nice to meet you, Sakuya!” She quickly hugs the maid and kisses her on the cheek.

Sakuya pushes Yuki off her, blushing heavily, “Wh…”

Alice shakes her head with a wry smile, “Don’t let it get to you. That’s how she greets everyone…” She becomes serious again, “At any rate, we can’t talk for long. We must see Shinki.”

“Sure thing!” says Yuki, “Just follow us, ‘kay? We’ll take you to Mother.” She turns and walks down a corridor behind her.

“…” Mai does the same as Yuki.

Alice and Sakuya follow the two girls. The castle, while warm like most interiors, gives off a beautiful, yet chilling atmosphere. The tiles on the floor are silver, while the walls and ceiling are blue. Overall, it doesn’t feel much different from the snowy terrain outside.

As they walk, Sakuya whispers to Alice, so Yuki and Mai can’t hear, “That Yuki seems friendly and energetic, but the other one, Mai… I don’t know. She doesn’t seem to like you…”

“I’m aware of that,” Alice whispers back, “I don’t know why, though…”

Yuki and Mai lead them through the castle’s maze-like complex of corridors. Finally, they enter a large room, big enough to be a ball room, with a dome-like ceiling. Shinki stands in the middle of the room, with a subtle smile.

“We’re here!” announces Yuki.

“…” Mai says the same thing as Yuki in body language.

“Thank you, Yuki,” says Shinki, turning her attention toward Alice and Sakuya, “Welcome. I take it I provided adequate time for the two of you to decide on what to do?”

“Our answer remains the same, Shinki” says Alice, “Please send us back.”

Shinki looks at Alice questioningly, “I told you that death awaits you if you do so… They… must mean quite a lot to you.”

“…” Alice nods silently.

“No! I don’t want you to die!” cries Yuki.

“Silence, Yuki,” commands Shinki.

Yuki kneels respectfully, “Sorry, Mother…”

Shinki says, “Still, I cannot allow it. If I send the two of you back, I will lack the power to control the boundary outside of Makai for quite some time, thus when the time comes, I won’t be able to save you again.”

“Then send me back alone!” exclaims Sakuya, “You don’t have a problem with that, do you, Shinki? Alice will be safe.”

“No,” says Alice, “I already told you that if you go back, I will too.” She looks at Shinki, “Just tell me what is supposed to kill me! If I know, then maybe I can avoid it!”

“It is fate,” says Shinki, “It cannot be evaded. I’m sorry about your friends, Alice, but this is for your own good.”

“I have no choice, then…” Sakuya quickly draws a knife and tosses it at Shinki. The weapon bounces off an invisible wall in front of Makai’s creator.

“Ah! What are you doing?” screams Yuki.

“…” Mai dashes over to Sakuya and a sword of ice appears in her hand, which she positions inches away from the maid’s neck. However, Sakuya just stands, composed, and awaits Shinki’s reaction.

Shinki pauses for a few seconds, and then smiles, “You would challenge me? Hahaha!” She laughs a little.

“…” Mai looks at Shinki questioningly.

Alice stammers, “I-I’m sorry about my friend, Shinki! I told her before that fighting you is futile!”

“So you did?” asks Shinki, “And yet she still chose to attack me? You really wish to go back that badly?”

“I do,” answers Sakuya, “There are things in Gensokyo I must do and a life I wish to return to. I can’t just stay here. Also, Alice made a choice…”

“Sakuya,” says Alice, wide-eyed.

“I insist you respect that choice. She’s aware of the risks, has she not shown that? You would still interfere?”

“I see,” says Makai’s creator, “Perhaps you can show me your words are not just show? You see, in this demon world, strength is what expresses resolve. I shall arrange an opponent for you. Should you win, I will understand the power of your words and take them under serious consideration. Do you accept?”

“I accept your challenge,” responds Sakuya.

“Very well, then,” says Shinki with a smile, “I have a very special opponent arranged for you. Yumeko!”

A girl appears from thin air. She has long wavy blonde hair and golden eyes. She is dressed as a maid, in almost the same way Sakuya is, only her clothes have a red and white color scheme as opposed to Sakuya’s blue and white, “You called, Mother?”

“Yumeko,” says Alice.

The other maid, Yumeko, glances at Alice, “Welcome back, Alice. It has been some time.”

Shinki says, as she, Alice, Yuki, and Mai move to a far wall, “That maid is your opponent. Fight to your fullest.”

“Another maid?” notes Sakuya.

Yumeko smiles tauntingly, “It’s been awhile since I last fought. Do go easy on me.”

Sakuya draws a knife, “Don’t count on it. I trust you are prepared to feel the pain of my knives?”

Yumeko draws a knife, “You are quite interesting. Don’t let me down…”


Inside the supermarket, now dimly lit by the sunset’s light through the holes in the ceiling, Reisen finds Yuyuko in one of the aisles, eating out of a cereal box.

“That stuff tastes better with milk,” Reisen informs Yuyuko as she approaches.

“With milk?” Yuyuko smiles, “Capital idea! I should try that!”

Reisen sits across from the ghost, “Are you sure you did the right thing?”

Yuyuko stops eating and asks through a mouthful of cereal, “Hm? Right thing about what, now?”

“About Youmu. I mean, she IS your servant, and it’s only natural she’d want to be by your side. However, you sent her off with the others. I know that the splitting up conflicted that, but even though I chose this side, I would have gone with the others and let Youmu go with you, you know?”

Yuyuko smiles, albeit a sad smile, “You have a kind heart, Reisen. However, Youmu is better off spending time with her friends than with me…”

“Why? You are her mistress, I mean, why would she want to be with anyone else?”

Yuyuko leans back, “Trust me… I know…”


Youmu yells, “How the hell could I possibly LIKE that? How could you even imply that I liked my mistress being dishonored in the way you just did?”

“Well, didn’t you?” asks the other Youmu.

“Absolutely not!”

“There you go again,” says the other Youmu, gesturing an indication that she knew the answer she was going to hear, “Lying to yourself again. Not that I blame you. After all, it’s what you do best.”

“’To myself?’” explodes Youmu, “You may LOOK like me, but you and I aren’t the same person at all! There is no way… No possible way that you and I are the same. You are just an illusion trying to trick me! It’s not going to work…” Youmu takes a couple deep breaths, “You hear me, Satori! This cheap trick is not going to work!”

Youmu hears Satori’s voice come from an unspecified location, “So you believe that is an illusion? Hmhmhm… You are welcome to go ahead and think that…”

“So you are there! Show yourself, you three-eyed freak!”

“Satori…” says the other Youmu, “We share a mutual adversary. It’s a shame I have to rely on a fake like you to confront her rather than do it myself!”

“Why are you calling me a fake?”

“Because you are me…” says the other Youmu, “You and I are one of the same, sister. The only difference is that you go around masking yourself with lies. ‘I will fight to the death for Yuyuko-sama!’ ‘Yuyuko-sama is my reason for living.’ You know, lies like those. If you want a truth, then here’s one: You HATE that bitch, Yuyuko.”

“Ridiculous!” yells Youmu, “You’re just trying to fool me! I would never think that! How dare you say such a thing about Yuyuko-sama, and say that you are me…” Youmu draws the Hakurouken, “Enough talking. I am not going to lose to an imposter like you!”

The other Youmu strikes a defensive stance, “Go ahead and try.”

“Yaaaa!” Youmu leaps up and swings the Hakurouken down at her other self. Their swords clash.

“Hmph.”

“Ah!” Youmu’s eyes widen. As the Hakurouken is made to cut through confusion, it had cut through illusions with no effort, but as it had not cut through the other Youmu’s blade, Youmu realizes something is not right.

The other Youmu kicks Youmu away, then draws a spellcard, “Recollection: Slash of Present!” She disappears with a blur, and then appears in front of Youmu, delivering a fast and powerful slash.

“Ugh!” Youmu staggers back. Strangely, no blood was drawn, but she does feel the pain, “Ah! Damn it!”

The other Youmu sheathes her sword, “Just what I’d expect from a fake…”

“You… bastard…”

“Here is something we can agree on, ‘me’: Our father, Youki Konpaku was… or should I say, is, a truly great man. Powerful, wise, clever, handsome, devoted, kind… Truly a man amongst men. Sure, he had that little weakness to beautiful women, but if you put that aside, he’s perfect…”

“…”

“So why the hell should he serve someone like Yuyuko? Someone who doesn’t come close to matching his supremacy? It’s a question that has been on your… or should I say, OUR, mind. After all, all that ghost ever did was constantly nag him for food, to tell her stories, to investigate things that sparked her curiosity… and he did as he was told without question. That kinda pissed us off.”

“…”

“One day, we asked him why he serves her, and spoke badly of her, saying that you wished she would just disappear. At that moment… he slapped us. That’s right, the one and only time he ever did something like that outside of training. Let’s just say that didn’t help much with Yuyuko’s credibility in our eyes.”

“…”

“Of course, father just HAD to leave that fateful night… to join the Lunarians, apparently, and left us to fill his role. Now how can someone who despises Yuyuko be a loyal servant? We couldn’t just run away, and father did trust us with that duty, and we respected him enough not to disobey. That’s when YOU were born… and I ceased to exist. In your mind, you created another self that mirrored father’s devotion to Yuyuko, and assumed that identity to cope with the situation. I don’t blame you. After all, if you didn’t, you just might have gone insane. You became a new person who was totally devoted to Yuyuko, and it got to the point where it took over your identity entirely. That’s why I had said those things. You are not your own person… not anymore. You are just a character you created and assumed. That’s why you are a fake!”

“I…” Youmu can no longer find the will to object to her other self’s words. She wants to continue writing off her words as lies, but cannot as part of her realizes the truth in them, “AAAAAAAGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH!”

==

I slowly make my way through the tunnels of the underground maze. There are some glowing crystals that provide just enough illumination for me to see, but the path had branched off many times, so I’ve just had to trust my instincts on where to go. If I ended up at some place after entering that circle, then Reimu and Youmu must also be down here somewhere… but I don’t know if I’m getting warmer or colder on the trail to finding them…

I had recovered a bit of my strength since that power struggle with Miss Meltdown, so I’m no longer using my broom to stay upright, but I sure s hell can’t run as I am, and I can’t take another fight…

Also, now that I have a chance, I wonder what happened to Alice and Sakuya. They vanished into a dark gap and vanished. I can’t have been Yukari. I mean… she’s dead, and her gaps don’t look like that. Could it have been Yumei…? Nah! Still, if a gap did appear, I assume it was to save them, so I guess I shouldn’t worry too much. I wonder if they’ll make it back here…

Of course, just as I think about my current predicament, a gap opens and that Yumei/Yukari hybrid, who Cirno called ‘Yukarumei,’ emerges, “Hello there, Marisa! Good job winning that battle…” She reverts to Yumei’s form.

Dammit! I can’t very well fight her with the stamina I have right now, “What the hell do you want, Yumei? You have some nerve showing up after what you did…”

“Oh, I’m only here to talk,” says the damn rabbit, “I want to make you an offer…”

I force a smug look, “What could YOU offer me? We’re well past the point of talking this shit over…”

Yumei grins, “Even if I could make you the most powerful woman in the universe?”

“What are you TALKING about?”

“My goal,” says Yumei, “is to use Gensokyo to defeat the Lunarian Empire. However, defeating it is my only goal. Once that is done, I’d be happy with giving you the throne. Think about it! I can make you empress! I did have to live in your mind, and you were pretty nice to me.”

“That was because I thought you could bring Gensokyo back… not like this. As for your offer, the answer is hell no.”

“Why not?” asks Yumei, “Together, we can find a way to kill the immortal empress! All her power can be yours! Does that not interest you?”

I shake my head, “All I wanted was friends. Whether I’d be saving Gensokyo or going to school with them, it doesn’t matter because I was with them. That’s all I want. You can worry about that stupid empire by yourself.”

Yumei takes a step back, “Damn… I don’t understand. How could you pick something so trivial over obtaining all the power someone could possibly desire?”

“Because I DO understand, that’s why.”

“I see. In that case…” Yumei turns back into Yukarumei and opens a gap and turns to enter it.

I blurt out, “So are you going to finish me?”

She looks back at me, “Finish you?”

“Yeah, I thought it was pretty obvious! I’m weak from that battle with Utsuho; I can only use about two Master Sparks, though the second one would probably be pretty weak. My only chance of winning is to use a Last Word, but that would kill me. You’re skipping out on a great opportunity!” You may think I’m crazy for saying this, but I’m visibly weakened and I know Yumei isn’t that stupid.

Yukarumei responds, “That would be too easy. I’d rather test my… minions against you.”

“’Minions?’”

“Yes. Gensokyo’s denizens are no longer a part of me. Instead, they live around this world and serve my desires. I’ll leave it to them.”

“So you are just going to leave me be? You do know I’ll make damn sure this comes back to bite you in the ass later, right?”

“Hmph. You’re on, Marisa.”

“…”

“Also, I’ll tell you where your friends are. Go to the end of this tunnel and where it forks off, go right. In that tunnel, take the second left, and Youmu is in the fifth room to the right. Reimu is pretty close to that location, so she’ll be there before you. Ciao.” She enters the portal.

“…” I stand there, stunned. Yumei just… HELPED me? Damn, I don’t get her at all! She might be lying, but for all I know at the moment, it’s just as good a lead as any, so I proceed to follow her directions.

==

“AAAAAAAGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH!” A scream echoes through the underground tunnels. It catches Reimu off guard.

The miko takes a second to recall the voice, “That was… Youmu! It wasn’t far from here!” She heads in the general direction the scream came from and it isn’t long before she finds the room where Youmu and Satori are. Youmu is slumped on the ground with her eyes blank and lifeless.

“Youmu!” yells Reimu.

Satori looks at Reimu, “You… It seems my servant was unable to stop you.”

“Who are you?” demands Reimu, “What have you done to Youmu? Did you just…?”

Satori shakes her head, “No. Your friend is undergoing a trial… and trial that requires a strong heart to overcome. Failure to do so results in the destruction of one’s mind. Her heart is very weak…”

“Youmu!” yells Reimu, “Can you hear me? Youmu!”


“Youmu! Can you hear me? Youmu!”

Within Youmu’s subconscious, Youmu hears Reimu’s voice from the outside, “Re… i… mu?”


“Re… i… mu?” Youmu’s words are relayed through her body.

Reimu finds the nature of the response unusual, but she knows she got through to wherever Youmu’s consciousness is, “Yes! It’s me, Reimu! What’s going on?”

Even though Youmu’s body’s face has a blank expression, she speaks with the emotion she is feeling within, “I’m… so sorry, Reimu…”

“…” Satori watches the exchange between Reimu and Youmu silently.

“What are you sorry for?” asks the miko.

Youmu answers, “I’ve lied to you… I’ve lied to everyone, including myself! All I’ve done… is lie. I’m not the person you think I am, Reimu. I’m not the real Youmu. I’m just a personality made from a necessity…”

“What have you DONE to her?” demands Reimu to Satori.

Satori plainly answers, “I have done nothing. This girl cannot face the truth of her own being.”

“Stop this now!” Reimu tosses a handful of needles at Satori, who dodges them with little effort, and then charges in, swinging her gohei, which Satori leaps away from, well before the attack can connect.

“It’s useless,” says Satori, “You can keep trying, but your attacks will never hit me.”

“Damn…”

“Besides, since Youmu had started undergoing her trial, nothing can stop it now. Not even me. I’d advise you not to waste your time, Reimu.”

“How did you know my…?” Reimu shakes her head and shifts her attention toward the more important matter at hand. She kneels and looks straight at Youmu blank face, “So there is some truth you had been keeping from everyone?”

“I’m sorry…” Despite the unchanging expression, Youmu’s eyes well up and tears start to flow.

“So what?”

“H-huh?”

“You have secrets, right? We all do. In fact, I’d be worried if you didn’t,” says Reimu, “I’m sure it’s something that’s hard to accept, and really, I don’t want to know what that secret is, but regardless, you are still Youmu, right? I don’t care what you had been hiding. The fact remains that we had been on many adventures together and we had even lived together. THAT was no lie, and can you say that our friendship is a lie too?”

“N-no…”

“No matter what, you are Youmu, and nothing can change that!”


“No matter what, you are Youmu, and nothing can change that!” Reimu’s words echo from above.

Inspired, Youmu looks her other self in the eye, “You… You’re right… about everything.”

“…”

“I did find it hard to accept, but it’s true what you said. I had felt angry at Yuyuko-sama because I felt she had enervated father’s greatness. I’ll admit… that I was you at one point, and that we are the same. I recall something. That time, when you said that father hit you…us… do you remember what he said, afterward?”

The other Youmu’s eyes widen, “What?”

“He said that we half-ghosts are not accepted by worlds of the living, nor the dead; That we are cursed beings. However, Yuyuko-sama was benevolent enough to give us a home, even if it meant our servitude to her. Isn’t that the real reason we didn’t run away? Not just because father told us to?”

The other Youmu is taken aback, “I see… good point, other me…”

Youmu approaches her other self, “Regardless of how I really feel, my honor can’t allow me to reject that kindness, and I don’t think you were able to do that either. I’m no fake self. Aren’t we both the same person?”

The other Youmu closes her eyes and smiles, “I was meaning to teach you, but in the end, you taught me. Well played…”

Youmu shakes her head, “Oh no. I think we both learned more about me. It’s funny how little we both knew about ourselves...”

“So what will you do?”

“Do you need to ask? I will keep living as I have been. Hopefully someday, I’ll meet father again and we can be a family. Until then, however, I will fulfill the duty he entrusted with me… with us.”

The other Youmu starts to shine brightly and Youmu begins to white out…


… and she finds herself back where she was fighting Satori with Reimu kneeling in front of her, “Reimu!”

Reimu’s face lights up, “Youmu! You’re back!”

Satori’s eyes narrow, “That girl’s words… They gave her courage; strengthened what was such a weak heart. Fascinating…”

Reimu and Youmu rise and glare at Satori. “Shall we get back at who did that to you?” asks Reimu.

“Be careful,” says Youmu, “This girl, Satori, can read our minds. Maybe if we attack her together…”

“There is no need,” Satori cuts in.

“What?”

“My powers do have a limit,” says Satori, “I can only read one mind at a time. I can’t read another when I’m reading one. Also, my combative powers are insufficient for fighting multiple opponents and I am not one to fight a battle I no longer have any hope of winning. Therefore, I admit defeat.”

Reimu shrugs, “Fine. Sure. I wish they would all know when to give up…”

“…” Youmu picks up the Roukanken, which she had previously dropped.

Satori says to Reimu, “So you’re the one who fought against Rin. Seeing your memories of that battle, she’s still alive. Very good.”

“Yeah,” says Reimu, “She did mention someone named Satori. So you’re that person, huh?”

“Yes,” answers Satori, “Rin is like a pet to me. Hm… I wonder about my other pet…”

==

Following Yumei’s directions, I arrive in a room illuminated by light shining through stained glass windows. There, I find Reimu, Youmu, and some purple-haired chick I don’t know, “Reimu! Youmu! You’re alright!”

“Marisa!” call out Reimu and Youmu.

The purple-haired chick looks at me, “Well, speak of the devil. It seems Utsuho is still alive too.”

I glare at the purple girl, “Utsuho? What relationship do you have with Miss Meltdown?”

The girl puts her hand over her mouth to hold back a laugh, “’Miss Meltdown?’ Good nickname. You’re a funny girl Marisa Kirisame… or should I say, Starr. Anyway, to answer your question, she’s my pet.”

“Well then, you should keep your ‘pet’ on a frickin’ leash… Huh? Wait a minute! When the hell did I tell you my name?”

“There’s no need to,” says Youmu, “It’s her power.”

I blink a couple times, “What? What power? Can she read my mind or something?”

The girl looks straight at me, “Good guess.” Ugh… Figures.

Reimu says, “’Miss Meltdown?’ What exactly did you FIGHT, Marisa?”

“I’ll leave that to your imagination. How about you?”

“A cat that can raise the dead…”

Shutter… She didn’t get it that much better… “I see. What were you up to, Youmu?”

Youmu answers, “I was the first to meet Satori, here. In fact, we were fighting her until about a minute ago.”

I draw a spellcard, “So she’s our enemy?”

“Don’t worry,” says Reimu, “She admitted her defeat to us.”

I raise an eyebrow and look at ‘Satori,’ “’Admitted defeat?’ Your damn pet should learn to take after you, then…”

Satori nods, “Yes, Utsuho has always been a problem…”

“I take it your opponent didn’t know when to give up?” asks Youmu.

“Well, ain’t THAT the understatement,” I respond. I bring up another point, “Oh, by the way, guess who I ran into on my way here.”

“It was Yumei,” says Satori.

“YOU shut up.”

“What?” say Reimu and Youmu at the same time.

“Yeah,” I say, “But something was weird. I was feeling like shit from fighting Satori’s radioactive canary and she showed up, but all she did was give me directions to find this room and a stupid offer I turned down. If she was seriously trying to kill us, that would have been the perfect chance. In fact, she has Yukari’s powers, so she could come and pick us off anytime she wants! Something doesn’t add up here…”

“Weird,” says Reimu, “Did she say anything else?”

“Yeah. She said she’d leave it to her minions…” an idea crosses my mind. I look at Satori, “YOU are one such minion, right?”

“I am,” says Satori, “In this Gensokyo under Yumei’s control, all denizens directly born of it must follow her commands. We were told to deal with the outsiders…”

Youmu offers a guess, “Maybe she just wants to sit back and watch our struggles? Maybe she like a good challenge and wants us to fight through her Gensokyo and become stronger and then challenge her? That’s how I would do it…”

“Yeah, that’s how YOU would do it,” I say to Youmu, “But she said her aim is to defeat the Lunarians using this Gensokyo, not to mention I heard her express her distaste for ‘honor’ to you before. We are an obstacle for her. Frankly, I’d want to get rid of interferences without delay, but if she really is as arrogant as you described, Youmu, well then, more power to us…”

“Sounds to me like it’s a game to her…” notes Reimu, “Either that, or we’re missing something here. Maybe her intentions are more complex than we thought?”

“Maybe…” I turn my attention to Satori, “How about you?” I ask, “Have you ever met her before? Could you read her mind?”

Satori responds, “If we are defeated, we are allowed to let you go, but we can never disclose anything that would work against Yumei. Ever. It’s like a new sixth sense to us. Plus, I’ve never met her before, personally, so I couldn’t say anyway.”

“I see,” I acknowledge, “Well, we might as well keep going. If we meet her again, shit SHOULD start to come together…”

Reimu says to Satori, “Well, we beat you, and you said you’d let us go. I’m wondering if you could_”

“To get back to the surface,” interrupts Satori, “take a right from this chamber, and then another right when the corridor branches off. Keep going straight and you will eventually make it back to the surface. It will go on for several miles, though.”

“Okay! Thanks.” Reimu, Youmu, and I turn to leave the chamber.

“Wait!” shouts Satori.

We turn around. “What is it?” asks Reimu.

Satori says, “Reimu and Marisa… I sense a great confusion in the two of you. Before the end of your journey, that confusion may obstruct the path you travel. When that happens, please look to me for guidance. This underground complex extends all over Gensokyo and I will follow your progress. When you are ready to see me… please dig a hole to come here.”

I turn and continue walking, “Thank you for your abstract advice. Didn’t you say you weren’t allowed to work against Yumei.”

“Yumei has nothing to do with this,” says Satori.

“We’ll keep it in mind,” says Reimu.

The three of us leave Satori’s chamber and begin to follow her directions out of the complex. 
I take a few steps back, “’De-demon world?’ Aren’t demons merciless killers that destroy things for fun… kinda like Yuka?”

Alice shakes her head, “You shouldn’t think like that, Marisa. Demons are greatly misunderstood. They are a lot like you and me, except they live here. That’s the only difference between us and them.”

Sakuya asks, “You said you have a connection to this place. May I ask what?”

A soothing voice with a slight accent, which I can’t identify, comes from a distance and draws closer, “Alice Margatroid used to study this realm and its inhabitants for about seven months. During that time, she practically became one of us. She’s special to me…” A figure materializes out of thin air behind Alice, a woman with long silver hair, partly braided into a small pigtail, gray eyes, and wears a flowing red robe. She wraps her arms around Alice from behind as a hug “… like a daughter…”

“Who are you?” I ask the mystery woman.

She introduces herself, “My name is Shinki. I am the queen… no… the goddess of the demon world that surrounds you. All born here are my children…”

Cirno’s eyes widen, “She’s your mother, Alice? You didn’t tell me that!”

Alice says, “No, you got it all wrong. Shinki-sama is not my mother. She had just been a mother figure to me!”

Shinki lets go of Alice and laughs, “Don’t be so modest, Alice. You can call me your mother. I accept you as one of my own.”

“If you want… mother…” Alice quickly changes the subject as if she’s embarrassed, “So… um… Marisa… Sakuya… Mokou… Lunarians… How did you get here?”

Mokou starts off, “Marisa used something, like a ball, to open a portal, which led us here.”

I pick up, explaining in a more specific fashion, “Yukari gave me that ‘ball.’ She said it would open a portal to a ‘safe place,’ which just happens to be here. Now, Alice, let me ask you the same question: how did YOU get here?”

“It was… rather sudden,” explains Alice, “All kinds of disasters occurred around Gensokyo and people were disappearing. My students vanished one by one. Wriggle, Rumia, Medicine, and finally Mystia. Cirno was about to disappear and I started to fade myself…”

Shinki picks up, “Makai has a boundary link to Gensokyo, and I can open a gateway here as I see fit. I managed to get Alice and her remaining student here just in time.”

Alice looks at the ground, “Just what is happening to Gensokyo… and everyone?”

Sakuya explains what we learned from Mima, “We learned that Gensokyo is coming to an end. The one we learned this from compared Gensokyo to a ‘thought’ and everyone within it as ‘fragments’ that didn’t truly exist, fading away. This had happened to everyone: Remilia-sama, Meiling, Patchouli, Koakuma, Flandre, Yuka… However, Marisa, Eirin, Mokou, Kaguya, Reisen, and I didn’t disappear at all for some reason…”

Shinki suggests, “Perhaps there is something all six of you hold in common?”

We take a few seconds to think.

“We’re all human?” guesses Sakuya.

“I’m not,” says Reisen.

Mokou adds, “The people of the human village disappeared too.”

Sakuya puts on an embarrassed smile, “My mistake…”

Mokou makes another guess, “We’re immortal?”

“I’m not immortal,” I respond.

“Neither am I,” says Reisen again.

“Um… um…” Kaguya tries hard to come up with an idea, “We’re all Lunarians?”

Another wrong idea, as I point out, “I’m not a Lunarian.”

“Neither am I,” says Mokou.

Eirin, who was silent the whole time, takes a shot, “We’re not from Gensokyo?”

There’s a long silence between us.

“Let’s see,” says Alice, “Kaguya, Eirin, Reisen, and Sakuya were all from the moon in a different realm…”

Mokou adds, “I wasn’t, but I came from another realm too.”

“But I lived in Gensokyo my whole life!” I say, “That can’t be it!”

Shinki says to me, “Even if that’s so, it seems like the most logical conclusion. If Gensokyo and the residents born there are all part of the same thought, then outside elements may have a different set of rules.”

I’m getting confused. Just where do I fit in? “That makes sense, but I’ve lived in Gensokyo for as long as I can remember. How did I not disappear?”

Shinki closes her eyes, “That I do not know…”

Sakuya mentions, “And just WHAT exactly is Reimu? How could she cause all this? Sure, she saved Gensokyo on many different occasions, but she was just as human as all the others! Why that change?”

“What are you talking about?” asks Cirno.

Alice’s eyes widen, “Reimu? What do you mean she ‘caused’ this?”

I explain, “Yukari asked us to go to the Hakurei Shrine and see Reimu. Apparently, she had some suspicions about her… and while I didn’t want to believe it, those suspicions were right on. She said some weird things, and then disappeared.”

“I can’t believe it,” says Alice in disbelief.

“So everything was confirmed on your end?” Suddenly, Yukari appears from out of a portal.

Relieved, I say, “Yukari! You made it, just like you said!

“Hello, Yukari,” greets Shinki, “What brings you here?”

Yukari greets back, “It’s been a long time Shinki…” I guess when you go from one realm to the next, you meet plenty of people “… I’ve come to speak to the individuals that have come here.” She turns her attention back to me, “From what you just said, Reimu was acting strangely…”

“Yeah,” I answer, “What about you investigation?”

“It’s just as I thought,” answers Yukari.

“You know something,” says Sakuya, “So what’s going on? Why did Reimu act the way she did? What did you research?”

Yukari opens a portal, “I will show you. Follow me.”

“Certainly,” responds Alice as she walks toward the portal.

Cirno cries, “But I wanna stay here! And I want to be with someone from Gensokyo!”

Reisen says to Cirno, “I’ll stay with you. I know little about what’s going on and I agree, this is a pretty nice place.”

“I’ll stay too,” volunteers Eirin, “I’m curious about the materials I can find here to make potions with, but I want to know what you’ll find out.”

Kaguya and Mokou stare at the portal. Kaguya says, “I’m… curious… All this time, Gensokyo was not what it seemed. I want to know more…”

Mokou responds, “Strangely enough, this is something I want to look further into…”

“Okay,” says Yukari, “Beyond this portal awaits the absolute truth; the reason behind Gensokyo’s existence. The reason it began and there reason for its impending end.”

I step forward, “It could be the key to saving Gensokyo. Count me in!”

Alice turns to Shinki, “I’ll be back again. I just really want to know the truth behind what I’ve known for so long. Please take care of Cirno for me.”

“I understand,” acknowledges Shinki, “I’ll see you again. I’m happy to have seen you again, Alice.”

“Let’s go!” Sakuya, Alice, Kaguya, Mokou, Yukari, and I jump into the portal.

On the other end of the portal, we emerge in a room. The walls and ceiling are white and the floor is made up of white and blue tiles. In the back of the room, there is a large rectangle-shaped window with blue curtains spread open, allowing the sunlight from the outside in. Outside, there are several tower-like structures and below, there are gray roads with several metal and glass contraptions moving around on wheels. There is not a lot of furniture in the room, except for a table with a green vase of flowers, with some bouquets leaning against it and some paper cranes. There is another table with another contraption on it (Rinnosuke would like this place), with something on it that looks like zigzags and a wire leading to a bed, which lays parallel to the window. I notice there’s someone lying in the bed: It’s a girl, probably in her late teens, with long black hair. I can’t tell the color of her eyes, since they’re closed. Even so, I recognize this girl! Sure, she’s wearing a sailor suit type of school uniform and she has some bandages wrapped around her head, but she is definitely… Reimu!

“Reimu!” I cry out, “How is this possible? She’s in Gensokyo, acting all weird and stuff! How can she be here, in this strange place?”

“Quite the turn,” comments Alice.

Yukari explains, “The girl you are looking at is not Reimu Hakurei. Her name is Reimu Kiribayashi. Hakurei is nothing more than a persona.”

“A persona?” asks Sakuya.

“Just what is this girl?” asks Kaguya.

Yukari says, “You know how Gensokyo is known as a dream world, right?”

“…” We all nod.

Yukari smiles slightly, “Well, it most certainly is a dream world… in every sense of the word.”

“Huh?”

“Gensokyo, in all its form and splendor, originated right…” Yukari points at Reimu’s forehead “… here.”

Alice confirms, “So you’re saying Gensokyo was this girl’s dream? People born there, like me, were all a part of that dream?” What Mima said is starting to make sense! If it was all a dream, then Gensokyo really was a thought and everyone a figment, but there is still so much that doesn’t add up…

Kaguya states, “But those of us that hadn’t disappeared… we all got to Gensokyo, but if it was just a dream, how can that be possible? It should all be a thought, which no one can physically enter.”

Yukari says, “Even though I have control over boundaries, even I don’t know their nature… what triggers them into being…”

Mokou looks at Reimu ‘Kiribayashi’s’ bandages, “So what happened to her? Why is she like this?”

Yukari answers, “An accident, apparently. I did some research: 7 months ago, Reimu got into that accident, which knocked her into a coma; a deep sleep. In that period, Gensokyo was born. Gensokyo is like this girl’s dream. As Reimu Hakurei, she was like the central character of a story taking place in a world of her creation.”

“…” There is a long silence between us.

Kaguya looks out at the futuristic cityscape beyond the room’s window, “What is this place? Another realm apparently, but…”

Yukari answers, “We are in a hospital in a country called Japan… Ah!” Yukari realizes something, looking at Kaguya and Mokou.

Mokou’s eyes widen, “THIS is Japan? I can’t believe it!”

“What about it?” asks Alice.

Kaguya answers, “Mokou and I used to live here. Of course, it looked nothing like what it does now. It was back in a feudal era, where…” Kaguya realizes something herself, “Yukari, what you said about Gensokyo coming into being because of this girl’s dream can’t be true! You took me and Eirin to Gensokyo way back then, and Mokou sometime after that. I imagine that was long before ‘Reimu Kiribayashi’ was even born!”

Yukari closes her eyes, “The nature of dreams is a mysterious thing. When you’ve dreamt, have you ever felt like an eternity had passed in an instant in real time, or a dream instant had lasted for many real hours? Dreams defy all logic… and even time itself when Gensokyo came into being.”

“What do you mean?” asks Sakuya.

“Gensokyo had existed for many of thousands of years. During the early stages of that time, people like me were born. However, to Reimu, it was all setting the stage for her time in the spotlight. To her consciousness, I imagine the time before her existence in Gensokyo was all fast-forwarded, but to all other beings, that time moved naturally. The boundary created by her dream created another line of history to exist alongside other realms…”

I’m shocked, “You’re saying SHE created history through a dream? That’s crazy!”

Yukari states, “The creation of boundaries, in all of its mystery, even history is a trivial thing that becomes easily changed. What one believes one day can be warped and twisted for the next.” Is everything I believe really what it used to be? Could it have been, changed without me consciously being aware of it?

Thankfully, Mokou cuts into the sci-fi twist that whole situation had just taken, “Okay, so this Reimu had created Gensokyo through a dream, and with that, a history that me and Kaguya joined into at one point. Am I right so far?”

“Yes,” answers Yukari.

“Princess here, Eirin, Reisen, Sakuya, and I were not a part of the ‘dream,’ so we weren’t affected by what is happening in Gensokyo…”

“You’re still right,” says Yukari.

“So WHY is Gensokyo ending? Why is everyone disappearing?”

I have a guess to Mokou’s question, but I decide to let Yukari answer. She points at the machine with the zigzags that form. They are long lines and sharp curves, “That’s why. This Reimu is recovering; waking up from the coma… and the dream that is Gensokyo. The moment she wakes up is the moment Gensokyo ends. Right now, she’s beginning to regain her consciousness, which is why Gensokyo is slowly, but surely, falling apart.”

Sakuya says, “So if she doesn’t wake up, Gensokyo will be revived and everyone, including Remilia-sama, will return?”

“I would imagine so,” answers Yukari.

“It could be done right now, then…” Sakuya draws a knife and points it down at the sleeping Reimu.

Shocked, I yell, “Sakuya, what the hell are you doing?”

Sakuya answers, “If I do this, she won’t awaken. Remilia-sama and my friends will return and Reimu, as I know and love her, will return as well.”

Mokou protests, “What you’re doing is trying to kill an injured comatose girl! There has to be another way!”

“But this is…” Sakuya’s arm trembles, then she stops, “I can’t, even if she isn’t the Reimu I know. Even though she threatens to end everything and everyone, she still created Gensokyo as well!” Sakuya slumps to the floor sobbing, “Reimu… if only I knew what you really wanted…”

Yukari states, “Killing this Reimu won’t solve anything. She needs a consciously living mind to sustain Gensokyo.”

I ask, “Hey, Yukari. Do you know why Reimu was acting weird before? She wasn’t herself at all. It was creepy…”

Yukari guesses, “I believe that’s Reimu Kiribayashi’s will upon awakening leaking through her persona, Reimu Hakurei. Her true presence is reemerging, but I don’t know why she would act as unusual as you say. I’d estimate she’s was speaking out of pure confusion…”

Sakuya dries her tears and asks, “Is there anything we can do to keep this Reimu from waking up, without killing her?”

Yukari answers, “Well… there is the boundary between Dreams and Awakening. However, I can only access that from the Netherworld…”

“Then we should go there!” I announce, “That’s the key to saving Gensokyo and everyone!”

Yukari’s eyes turn to the side, as if she’s conflicted by something, “I… I suppose.”

Alice asks Yukari, “Something I’m curious about… Do all dreams create realms? Are there other places like Gensokyo?”

Yukari answers, “No, actually. Gensokyo was a… unique case…”

“How so?” asks Kaguya.

“Concentrated energies,” answers Yukari. “A dream so great that it broke beyond the boundaries of the individual mind. Of course, that’s well beyond the power of a single person…”

I ask, “Are you saying someone else is also responsible for this?”

Yukari answers, “Yes and no. Reimu was the original dreamer, and thus, created and had power over Gensokyo, but there is another, through whom enough thought energy was generated to create a realm from the dream.”

“Who would that be?” asks Alice.

“I will show you…” Yukari opens another portal.

We step through and end up in another white room. However, while the room Reimu is in was somewhat homey, this one is a lot more depressing. There are no windows and the room itself is lit only by a few dim lights from the ceiling. A side of the room is occupied by a counter covered with needles, bottles of stuff, bandages, and a lot of other stuff with a purpose beyond my understanding.

Yukari explains, “This is another hospital located in another part of this realm called ‘Los Angeles.’”

In the middle of the room, though, there is a bed with white sheets and there is another girl in that bed. We look over and we simultaneously gasp. She has wavy blonde hair and is wearing a white gown. The girl in that bed is… me! She has injuries similar to Reimu’s.

“It’s another Marisa!” yells Alice.

“Yeah,” says Mokou, “This is getting weirder…”

“What the hell IS this?” I demand of Yukari.

Yukari answers, “You’re a lot like Reimu. You too have been living in the dream world that is Gensokyo, while your true self has been sleeping here. This is Marisa Starr. ‘Marisa Kirisame’ is also a persona.”

I look at my hands, saying, “I’m… just a product of THIS girl’s thoughts?”

Yukari’s eyes turn to the side “… Yes…”

“I can’t believe it!” says the wide-eyed Alice.

I can’t believe it either! I want to think this is a joke, but looking at the other Marisa is like looking into a mirror and it’s hard to deny a possible connection, “But… I don’t remember being this person… I remember living my entire life in Gensokyo…”

Yukari says, “Of course you don’t. You are the same, and yet you are different. This girl’s life, upon experiencing an accident, at almost the same exact time as Reimu, had been put on hold… and began anew in the dream world of Gensokyo.”

“But it was Reimu’s dream, wasn’t it?” asks Kaguya.

“Yes,” answers Yukari, “and as a result of that, Gensokyo’s very foundations revolve around her, but Marisa, as I said, got injured and went into a deep coma at virtually the same exact time as Reimu did on the other side of this world. In fact, the time difference was only a few seconds. It took me some time to gather that information. Now I don’t know what happened exactly, but it seems apparent to me that somehow, Marisa’s mind crossed with Reimu’s. She became a part of Reimu’s dream and that focusing of two minds broke the boundary of the dream and created something that was more than a mere dream: Gensokyo.”

I’m a little confused, but I think I understand what Yukari’s point is: “You’re saying that I’m like Gensokyo’s other creator?”

Yukari answers, “It was Reimu that shaped the world, but it was you who unknowingly helped her in creating a whole new realm.”

I put my hand over my forehead, “Wow…”

Everything we learned is hard to accept and just as hard to absorb. An eerie silence fills the room.

Yukari asks, after a few minutes, “What are you going to do, Marisa? Reimu and you are dreaming at the same time and I’ve heard you… Marisa Starr, that is, is starting to show signs of recovery. I’d imagine that the end of Reimu’s dream will also be the end of your dream. You will both return to this world, and like so many other dreams, forget about or have very vague memories of Gensokyo and everything you did, as you return to life in this realm.”

I close my eyes, “If it’s as you say, then awakening is the way it should be…”

Sakuya gives me a sympathetic look, “Marisa…”

I open my eyes, “But as far as I’m concerned, Gensokyo is the one and only world I’ve ever known and I have precious memories and made friends that I care about… that I want back! I have no desire for this world! I want to continue living as Marisa Kirisame and I will stop Reimu to keep the only life I understand!” Perhaps I’m only speaking through the fact that I can’t understand the perspective of the other me, but I feel I should stick with what I believe in.

Yukari sighs and responds, “Very well, Marisa. You can certainly try to accomplish your task.”

Sakuya says, “Well then, let’s go to the Netherworld. If the situation is truly getting there, it won’t be long until Reimu awakens. You said the boundary between Dreams and Awakening is only accessible from there.”

“Yes,” says Yukari, “We should get going…” Yukari opens a portal, which she, Sakuya, Alice, Mokou, and Kaguya enter. I look back at Marisa Starr, my other self in a deep sleep. It doesn’t feel fair that I can only exist if she never wakes up. I enter the portal myself.

We emerge from the portal. Around us, there are small chunks of land floating above a black void. Below us is a large crater, which I imagine was filled with water, but was drained dry. Up above, there are clouds swirling toward one round point in the sky. I realize that this is not the Netherworld. To confirm my suspicions, I look in Yukari and Alice’s direction. Sure enough, they are fading. We’re back in Gensokyo… but how?

Yukari realizes the situation and opens a portal, which she enters, but doesn’t leave through, “Alice! Get in here! I don’t know how, but we’re back in Gensokyo! This will keep you from disappearing!”

“Y-yes!” Alice enters the portal with Yukari, becoming opaque again.

Mokou looks around, “What the hell?”

Kaguya comments, “Gensokyo looks worse than ever! We don’t have much time left…”

Sakuya asks, “But how did Yukari’s portal take us here? I thought we were going to the Netherworld…”

The point that the clouds are swirling around up above is Gensokyo’s gate, which leads to the Netherworld. Below, there used to be a lake, which I once fought Alice above.

“Teehehehehe!” We hear a creepy laugh, which I remember very well. We look up and see Reimu, with her empty eyes and white outfit, saying, “I merely manipulated Gensokyo’s boundary to redirect you here. I want to have some fun before I go!”

“Reimu!” 
Japan…

The next day passes all too fast. During the day, Youmu is quiet in her anticipation of telling Reimu the truth.

Youmu leaves a class and returns to the dorm room to drop off some textbooks and just wait until it is almost time for her next class. She opens her blue gym bag and her ghost-half flies out. She sits on the edge of her bed and thinks out loud, “How will she react to this? Deep down she knows…”

“BOO!” Suddenly, Youmu feels something touch her from behind.

“Ahhhhhh!” She jumps from her bed and across the room on top of Reimu’s bed.

Where Youmu was, a portal opens up and Yukari Yakumo steps out, “Fufufu~ Glad to see you haven’t changed, Youmu.”

Youmu, who hadn’t gotten over the shock, says, trying to sound intimidating, though to no avail, “Don’t… e-ever do th-that again, Yukari!”

Yukari opens a portal halfway, horizontally, and reclines in it like a seat, “I just find it amusing that you hang around ghosts, and are half of one yourself, yet you are terrified of the idea of ghosts.”

“Whatever. Just what brings you here, Yukari?”

“Oh, I’ve merely come on Yuyuko’s behalf to make sure you’re doing all right. Among the things she wants to know: Are you eating healthy?”

“So-so.”

“Are you getting good marks?”

“Mostly C’s.”

“Are you making new friends?”

“Not since I came to college. At least in high school, Reimu and I spent time with her friends, Ayuki and Hiroji. But, I only just got here. It hasn’t even been a month.”

Yukari smiles, “I see. It looks like you’re a pretty average student.”

“Yeah…” Youmu says, “Tonight, we are going to tell Reimu the truth.”

“I figured it was a matter of time. I relayed your messages back and forth, and I was surprised to know that Reimu actually still has a trace of knowledge remaining about Gensokyo…”

“Well, it makes our job easier.”

Yukari looks at Youmu solemnly, “Doesn’t it bother you, Youmu?”

“What?”

“You’ve never been separated from Yuyuko for this long. It’s your duty to be by her side.”

“And follow her orders, which is what I’m doing. That’s why I’m here right now.”

“But don’t you feel sad?”

“A little… but… it’s not that bad… Even if only temporarily, I’m living like an ordinary girl. I get to live a carefree life with my friends, I don’t have to worry about risking my life.”

Yukari leans back, “You’ve changed, Youmu. There was once a time when Yuyuko was your entire world. You may be here as she instructed, but you’re… happy, aren’t you?”

“I guess so…”

“This isn’t going to last, Youmu. Savor whatever time you have left.”

“I will. How is Yuyuko-sama doing?”

“Very well. She misses you and your fear of imaginary ghosts. I startled you on her behalf.”

Youmu smiles, “Haha! I see. I thought you were her for a second.”

“But, she’s happy for you. She always wanted you to experience life outside of servitude. Part of her felt bad when you were always so steadfast to her.”

“Well, she is always my mistress, no matter what happens. I’d never abandon the duty my father entrusted to me.”

“You’ll be seeing everyone else soon. Marisa is starting to remember. She has a vacation coming up, and that is when she will be coming here.”

“I see. I’d sure like to see her, Alice, and Sakuya again. It’s been over a year now…”

“I’ll be here when the time comes to explain things to Reimu. I will see you then.”

“Okay.”

The portal Yukari is sitting on widens and she falls in, the rip closing soon after.

Youmu walks over to her dresser, removes several pairs of clothing, finally finding her green dress neatly folded at the bottom, “It looks like these days will be ending soon…”


A few hors later, Yukari emerges from a portal inside Rinnosuke’s remote home. “Rinnosuke? Are you here?”

Rinnosuke enters from another room, “Hello there, Yukari! What brings you here?”

“I just came to say that the time is coming. Tonight, we are going to tell Reimu the truth.”

“Really? It sure took awhile…”

“Fufufu~ True.”

“Do you know if we will be able to revive Gensokyo?”

“I don’t know. I suppose Marisa’s little ‘friend’ might know something…”

==

I find myself on a large stone balcony over looking the ocean. Spread out across it, there are many round tables with large umbrellas sticking up from out of the middles. It’s a beautiful sight, but how the heck did I get here?

“Hello again, Marisa.” I see a familiar face sitting at one of the tables.

“Yumei! This must be…”

“A dream? Well, of course.” Yumei takes a sip out of a small cup sitting in front of her. Along with the scenery, she’s coming off as more sophisticated than she really is. She pushes out a chair across from her side of the table out with her foot, “Have a seat.”

“Okay…” I sit across the table from Yumei.

“I see things are going well. You’ll be traveling to Japan to meet Reimu, I take it?”

“That’s the plan.”

“Good. I like your mind, Marisa. I can enjoy sights like this and such, but nothing compares to the real thing. I’m looking forward to leaving.”

“I guess it won’t be much longer…”

“Seems so. Damn, it’s been a long time since I saw the outside…”

I remember something Alice requested of me, “Oh yeah! Alice wanted me to ask you what your connection to Gensokyo was.”

Yumei raises an eyebrow, “They want to know, hm? Well, I’m sure they’re thinking of a whole bunch of things about me. How about I save that information for when I can tell you AND your friends?”

“I guess so. Can you at least answer the bigger question, though?”

“And what’s that?”

“Might you know of some way to bring Gensokyo back?”

Yumei grins at me and says in a low voice, “As a matter of fact, I do.”

“Really?”

“Yes. I promise I will explain everything when I am out. Until then, I will be waiting.” Yumei vanishes into thin air.

So she does know of some way to return Gensokyo to Alice and the others? It sounds too good to be true, but if so, everyone will be happy by that news. I only wish I could share such enthusiasm over such a thing. Perhaps I will too when I regain all my memories…

==

After another day of school comes to pass, Reimu returns to her dorm room for the day. However, she is surprised when she arrives to see Youmu, as well as Eirin and Reisen waiting for her. Youmu sits on her bed on the left side, Reisen sits on Reimu’s bed on the right, and Eirin sits in a chair between them, in the back of the room. Youmu is wearing the green dress she typically wore before Gensokyo’s end, Eirin is wearing her blue and red split down the middle dress, and Reisen is wearing her black business-like suit, a belt with a holstered handgun, and pink skirt, but still her hat, concealing her ears.

“What’s going on here?” Reimu asks Youmu.

Youmu says, “Reimu, there is something we need to tell you.”

Reimu looks at Eirin, “Professor Yagokoro? Um… Does this have something to do with psychology class?”

Eirin smiles and says half-jestingly, “Well, it’s not too terribly far off from yesterday’s lesson.”

“Dreams?” She looks at Reisen for several seconds, “Aren’t you that security guard that I’ve seen around campus?”

Reisen responds, “I’m glad you remembered. I didn’t think I left that much of a last impression, pretending I’m human. You can call me Reisen; Reisen Udongein Inaba.”

“’Human?’ What are you talking about?”

Eirin sits with her fingers interlocked in front of her, “Miss Kiribayashi, I understand that you have been having some unusual… experiences when you sleep.”

Reimu says, “I have… but they’re dreams. Realistic dreams, I guess, but dreams. How is that your business? Are you here to give me advice to keep those dreams under control, Professor Yagokoro?”

“Call me Eirin; Eirin Yagokoro. As for those dreams… did one of them have someone who looks like me kill a dear friend of yours, after which, you flew into a rage? Did another have you facing off against a blonde girl in black, who fell under another’s control?”

Reisen picks up, “Did one have you… and Youmu here, battling a pig-tailed girl with a scythe? How about a girl that could fly and create powerful gusts of wind?”

Youmu adds one, “Did you once fight a trio with musical instruments?” She looks over Reimu’s shoulder, “Or someone who looks like…”

“… me?”

“Ah!” Reimu hears another voice behind her and whirls around to face Yukari, who just emerged from a portal.

Yukari smiles cheerily, “Hello, Reimu!”

Reimu, now freaked out, asks, “Who the hell are you?"

"Yukari Yakumo. Don't worry, I'm you friend."

"Right. Sure. Now, how does everyone know about those dreams?” She glances back at Youmu, “I never even told you about those ones!”

Eirin says, “I also understand that two girls frequently appear in your other dreams.”

“You know about them? How? Did you say anything, Youmu?”

“…” Youmu shakes her head.

Eirin states, “One of those girls happens to be a princess… and my friend.”

Reimu snaps, “Enough of this! How the hell do you know about all that? Just what the hell is going on?”

Youmu states, straightforwardly, “Those ‘dreams’ actually happened. They are memories you’ve had of another life you’ve had when you were in a coma.”

Reisen adds, “And we’ve lived it alongside you.” She takes off her hat, revealing her rabbit ears. Youmu, following suit, opens her gym bag, releasing her ghost half.

Reimu recounts all the strange things she had seen so far, “A strange ‘wisp’ thing, a girl with bunny ears, and a girl that just came in from out of nowhere… This is a dream, isn’t it?”

“Let’s see if it is…” Yukari lightly bops Reimu over the head with her parasol.

“Owww! What the hell? You didn’t need to do that!”

Yukari poses proudly, “It looks like you’re still awake, Reimu. This is not a dream and all the ‘weird’ things you are seeing are completely authentic.”

Eirin sits calmly, “Please settle down, Reimu. We are your friends. Of that, you have our complete assurance.”

Reimu pauses, and then says, “… Okay. Please tell me. Make me understand just what is going on. About the dreams… about you guys… about… well… everything.”

Yukari explains, “When you were knocked out and in a coma, you had a dream… Well, technically a dream, but it was more than that. It was a whole new boundary!”

Reimu raises an eyebrow, “’Boundary?’”

“Or dimension, realm, alternate universe, any other term along those lines. Anyway, it was the creation of you and one other girl. There, you lived for 19 years as a shrine maiden named Reimu Hakurei.”

“’Hakurei?’”

“Yes. The land was known as Gensokyo, a mystical land of magic and youkai, such as myself, and 99% female populated.”

“’Gensokyo?’”

“Yep! You know what that means, Reimu?”

“What?”

Yukari brings her face close to Reimu’s, “You are my mother.”

Reimu backs away from the boundary youkai, wide-eyed, muttering in horror, “No… That can’t be… When… when did I…? But… I’m not even… attracted to guys…”

Yukari laughs heartily, “Fufufu~ Don’t look so shocked, Reimu. You are my mother and I am your BRAINchild.”

Reimu pouts at Yukari, “I hate you.”

Youmu sighs, “Get serious, Yukari.”

Eirin says, “But she IS right. Born from your mind, everyone in Gensokyo is like a child of yours.”

Reimu says, “Okay, if what you are saying is true_”

“You believe us?” interrupts Reisen.

Reimu says, “With all the weird things and the stuff you know about me that I don’t even know myself, I don’t think I’m in a position to write this off as some elaborate joke.”

Yukari nods in approval, “Good response.”

Reimu tries to ask her question again, “What I was trying to say was, if what you are saying is true…” she looks at Youmu, then Eirin, and finally Reisen, “are you three my ‘children’ also?”

All three of them shake their heads at the same time. “No,” answers Reisen, “The three of us came from outside your dream. Eirin-sama and I are from the moon… er… an alternate universe of it.”

“And I’m from the Netherworld,” says Youmu.

“…” Reimu finds their explanations to be unusual, but just counts them among all the other weird things she had gathered up to that point.

Eirin continues the explanation, “You and the other dreamer were powerful warriors, and, often with the help of other friends you’ve made, you’ve protected Gensokyo from countless disasters. In fact, we used to all be your enemies at one point or another.”

“Really?” Reimu looks at Youmu, “Even you, Youmu?”

“Yes…” Youmu answers with a nod.

Eirin says reassuringly, “Don’t worry! We’re your friends now! In fact, every enemy you had one day became your friend on the next. You were quite easygoing and never held onto a grudge once you taught someone a lesson.”

“I wouldn’t quite say that,” says Youmu, recalling Reimu’s relationship with Aya Shameimaru, “but for the most part, yes.”

Yukari picks up the story again, “As you and your friends went on all kinds of adventures, ‘you’ were in the hospital, sleeping, and ever so slowly recovering… and finally, it happened. You started to awaken and Gensokyo ended along with it. We and a few others managed to escape…”

“I’m… sorry…?”

“It was inevitable, so there is no need to apologize. Normally, we’d leave you alone and let bygones be bygones, but there is something important still living in your head.”

“What?”

Reisen says, “The two girls in your dreams: One with long black hair, wearing a pink and red dress, and another with aqua-colored hair, who wears red overalls.”

Eirin says, “They are outsiders who were trapped when your dream completely ended. One of them is Kaguya, the exiled first princess of the moon’s Lunarian Empire.”

Reimu raises an eyebrow, “’Kaguya?’ I’ve heard about her! She’s that girl from the fairy tale who had all those suitors who she told to do impossible things.”

Reisen raises her ears, “Oh yeah! This was the realm she was originally banished to, wasn’t it?”

Eirin grins, “That was no fairy tale, Reimu. I’ve heard it myself, though the ending had been altered. She WAS going to go back to the moon, but she didn’t want to. I helped her escape, and we ended up going to Gensokyo.”

“Which was my doing,” adds Yukari.

“Hold on,” says Reimu, “I’ll believe you in that the fairy tale was, in fact, not a fairy tale, but that was hundreds of years ago! If you played a part in that, how are you still alive now?”

Eirin answers, “I was the one who made the immortality elixir that was given to the emperor in that tale. Of course, I tested it… on myself, and… well, here I am.”

Yukari says, “The dream of Gensokyo created a history dating back by thousands of years, at the beginning of which, I came into existence. Of course, that history ran alongside the feudal era of this realm.”

Reimu, starting to find the information she had been given increasingly easier to accept, asks Yukari, “So… are you immortal too?”

Yukari shakes her head, “No. I’ve just lived for that long… though my life doesn’t have that much time remaining. About 700 years at best…”

Eirin adds, “And that part of the fairy tale where the elixir got burned in the flames of Mt. Fuji? That didn’t happen either. Princess Kaguya’s nemesis, Fujiwara no Mokou got a hold of it and drank it. She is the other prisoner of your subconscious.”

Reimu folds her arms in front of her, “’Nemesis?’ Well, that would explain why I catch them fighting sometimes…”

Reisen laughs, “Haha! They’re still at it, huh?”

“At any rate, that is where we stand.”

“So what do you want with me?”

Yukari explains, “I can open the boundary to your subconscious and allow us to enter and leave with Kaguya and Mokou. However, you will need the other dreamer together with you. We were hoping to arrange it so she comes here as an exchange student and prepare a ‘chance’ meeting, hoping the two of you would regain your memories that way…”

Eirin picks up, “But she regained tiny bits of her memory of Gensokyo through… ‘shock’ treatment, and you mentioned your dreams to Youmu, which were your memories of those days, so it seems we’ve run into some fortunate circumstances. We plan to bring the other dreamer here and allow you two to meet and see what happens. Would you mind cooperating with us, Reimu?”

Reimu stands still for a long time, but then laughs, “Hahahahaha!”

“What’s so funny?” asks Youmu.

Reimu says, “Before I fell into that coma, I thought my life was typical and boring, and after the moment of excitement that caused that coma, I thought I was back on the same boring track… but all this time, it has been anything but typical!” she calms down, “Okay. I’ll go along with this and see what happens. It’s hard to believe, but at the same time, this is so… real.”

“Okay.” Yukari disappears into a portal and Eirin and Reisen prepare to follow Yukari in.

“Wait!” calls out Reimu.

Eirin looks closely at Reimu’s face “… It looks like there is still something on your mind…”

“There are plenty of things, but…”

“Yes?”

“Um… If Gensokyo is 99% female… how are babies born?”

Eirin tries to sounds smart as she gives an ironic answer, “Well… it’s best not to think about it. Not even I have figured that out…” With that, Eirin and Reisen disappear into the portal, leaving Reimu and Youmu alone in the dorm room.

“Wow…” Reimu jumps onto and lies on her bed with the almost overwhelming amount of information she had gathered.

“Are you feeling okay about this?” asks Youmu.

“Yeah,” answers Reimu, “It’s all so unreal… but it’s like an adventure. I feel so weirded out, but so excited… It’s like my life had become some sort of exciting adventure and I can’t wait to know what happens next!”

Youmu lies back in her bed also, “You’re not the only one, Reimu. Ever since you came into my life, things have been more exciting to me, more than just a mere gardener. I’m sure you’ve forgotten a lot of things, but you have my thanks… for everything.”

Reimu recounts her dreams, as well as the present, “I can’t say I can recall everything clearly… but thank you for being there for me, Youmu…”


I wake up and I feel like shit. I had trouble getting to sleep, but, after hours of trying, I finally did. However, I probably only got in four hours of slumber at best. I’m still wearing my school uniform. Did those event really happen…? Nah! It was a dream. I mean, in today’s world, how can something so weird happen?

I put on a new uniform, and then eat a breakfast that does little to satisfy my hunger. Finally, I’m out the door, headed for a new school day. I’m actually looking forward to getting to school. I can see the area where Alice, Cirno, and Sakuya supposedly fought the vampire, and confirm that nothing happened and it was all a result of my active imagination.

A few minutes pass. I’m actually on time today! I follow the outer wall of the school, and turn the corner to the side where the front gate is. To my horror, however, there were tons of yellow tape up and police teams were investigating an area where it looks like a war had been fought. There were cracks and dents along the wall, the streetlamps were damaged beyond repair, and trees had shown signs of damage. I look to my right and notice a large hole in the wall… the one that I had made!

What the hell? It dawns on me all so fast: It was no dream? All that crazy shit actually happened? I look at the scene a little more. There is dried blood all over the ground; Puddles of Alice and Sakuya’s blood, small splatters of Cirno’s blood, and trails of Remilia’s… or Yumei’s blood. Good luck finding DNA matches for THOSE samples. I’m lucky I didn’t end up bleeding at all, otherwise I’d be hounded with questions which they wouldn’t believe the answers to.

Not surprisingly, school was canceled because of this. Makes sense, as to anyone else, it looks like a brutal murder had taken place here. Well, it looks like not only was my life saved, but also a day of putting up with elitist bitches. Of course, I’m not going to enjoy my day off very much with all I have on my mind.

I return home, preparing for a day of deep thought. As I walk through the door, my mom says, “I know why you’re home early. I heard about it on the news. There was a murder right outside your school.”

Not even my mom would believe me if I told the truth, so I play along, “It seems that way. There was blood everywhere. Pretty gross. Heheheh…”

“They said that no body was found, though. Anyway, that was surprising news. I didn’t think anything like that could happen in a small town like this. The world is becoming a dangerous place.”

“I guess so…”

As I figured, I had spent my entire day off thinking about nothing except all the shit that had transpired last night. What else can I think about? I saw a bunch of stuff that should only happen in Japanese cartoons, and all of it seems to relate to me and a dream I had, which I don’t remember at all! As I think about it, I feel horrible about what I said to Alice and the others about saying that they shouldn’t exist and that I don’t want to see them again. Right now, they are the only ones who can lend an ear to me about this. They fought to save my life and I repaid them by saying horrible things. I constantly look down to my schoolmates as bitches, but I gradually realize that I am one myself, and that makes me feel like shit.

The hours fly by as the events from last night mercilessly invade my mind, even during my delicious dinner. Mom seems to notice something’s bothering me, but I just deny it. Even when I try to think of something else, it’s always back to that fucking vampire! With how much I’m worked up over this, I need to calm down.

I enter my home’s upstairs bathroom, strip naked, and take a warm shower. As it turns out, it helps. I feel a lot more relaxed and I start to think on the positive side of those events. I was confused and scared when the battle was going on, but now, looking back on it as a memory, it was kinda… fun. Seriously! My friends, who I thought of as somewhat normal people, suddenly started using all kinds of strange powers like superheroes with secret identities, and fought against a vampire. Not to mention, I was the one who used that big laser! Me! I felt tired afterward, but it was so cool, and I find out that it really happened! As I think about it, my expression turns into a smile and “… … Hehe… Hmhm… HAHAHA!” I start laughing.

I must have showered for about 45 minutes. Finally, I reluctantly step out of the shower, put on a pair of PJs, and head to bed much earlier than normal. All that one-track thinking has made me tired, and I fall asleep pretty quickly.

…

I’m surrounded by nothing but blackness. However, my body seems to be emitting its own light, so I have no problem seeing myself. Everything around me is all the same color, but I feel like I’m standing on solid ground.

All around me, a familiar voice says, “Welcome, Marisa!”

In front of me, that red-haired, four-eyed, bunny-eared girl from the previous night appears, “You!”

The girl reintroduces herself, “My name is Yumei. So, we finally meet inside your head.”

“’Inside?’”

“This is a dream, Marisa.”

“What the hell are you doing here?”

“Funny question. I’ve lived here for the past 14 months… since you got out of your coma. Unfortunately, I couldn’t show myself to you in here until you became aware of my existence. Luckily, on full moon nights, I can step out briefly and get some fresh air. Still, it took some time for my powers to grow enough to do that. In the meantime, I feed on your dreams.”

“’Feed on my dreams,’ huh? I hope you choke on that giant scorpion that appeared in a nightmare I had when I was four.”

Instead of reacting in an insulted or angry way, she just laughs, “HAHAHA! Oh shit, that’s hilarious! You remember a dream like that, yet you forgot the single most important dream you’ve ever had.”

“That again?”

Yumei continues, “But that’s not unusual. You forget plenty of good dreams. While I’m here, I’ve learned about every dream you’ve ever had, even the ones you didn’t commit to memory. For example, when you were in the seventh grade, you had a dream where you made out with a freshman girl, who helped you pick up some books you dropped, and you thought she was really cute.”

“…”

“Oh! It gets better, Marisa! Three weeks ago, you dreamt you… well, I won’t be specific, but it was with Alice Margatroid. You need to keep your naughty, naughty imagination under control. Good thing children aren’t here.”

“Fuck you!” In a humiliated rage, I charge at Yumei, attempting to tackle her, but she quickly jumps several feet into the air and over my head. I whirl around to face her again.

Yumei places her hands in her pockets, “Tsk. Tsk. No need to act that way with me. I’m your friend, and friends like to mess around with one another.”

“Bullshit! Why did you try to kill me?”

Yumei’s ears raise slightly, “’Kill you?’”

“You mean you’ve forgotten? When you were a vampire and you tackled me, saying that you would ‘shut me up!’”

Yumei’s eyes widen, “I’m impressed. You have quite a vivid memory. I simply knew your friends would save you. I figured Alice would recover and attack me, but Cirno showed up instead. It went well.”

“I’m not convinced. Why did you attack us at all?”

“So you would remember your other self. The psyche that existed in the mystical world of Gensokyo, which fought countless battles against the youkai that threatened it. I intended to create an image of such a battle that took place there to jog your subconscious memory a little.”

A mirror rises in front of me. I’m wearing my white pajamas, but the reflection looking back at me is wearing a black dress, a white apron, and an oversized black witch hat, not to mention that she looks slightly older, “That’s… me?”

“It is. Marisa Kirisame, your other self. The identity you took on in your dream as the body of Marisa Starr was fast asleep in her coma.” The mirror disappears and Yumei continues to talk, “I understand that you saw some visions, as well as remembering how to use one of your persona’s spells. You’re remembering, Marisa, and that’s exactly what Alice, Cirno and Sakuya wanted too.”

I should still be creeped out by all this, but with all I don’t understand, I can’t help but want some answers, “They were just… things. I don’t vividly remember anything, assuming what you say is true.”

Yumei pushes her glasses up the bridge of her nose, “True. What you need is something to stimulate your memories enough to remember EVERYTHING. You… saw something unusual in your ‘visions,’ haven’t you?”

“What the hell are you talking about? EVERY SINGLE ONE was fucked up!”

“Something out of the ordinary with the visions themselves, not their content. Hm… Might it be THIS by any chance?” Next to Yumei, another figure appears. It’s one of the girls that appeared in the visions, wearing a red dress and detached white sleeves, and black hair. However, her face is still a blur to me, “This is your counterpart. Like you, she dreamt, and together, you created Gensokyo. Perhaps if you find that face, you’ll find the missing piece of the puzzle that is your memory.”

“I just need to find out who that is, and I’ll know?”

“Perhaps.”

My eyes narrow at Yumei, “Why are you doing this? What in it for you?”

Yumei paces around with her arms folded in front of her, “Aren’t you curious as to why your ‘friends’ are so interested in you, that they would follow you to the extent they have? It’s because two… ‘foreign elements’ were left in Gensokyo when you two woke up, are trapped in the subconscious of the other girl’s mind, and they want to retrieve them, and they need to reunite you and that girl to make it happen. Likewise, I am trapped in your subconscious, so freeing them will free me. If you’re sick of me being here, I’d suggest you go along with them.”

“…” That is some weird information, and I don’t know what the hell to make of it.

Yumei stops pacing and shrugs, “But hey, it’s your decision. I just figured you wouldn’t want someone else sharing your mind, and I don’t think you’re not the least bit curious as to why all these things are happening.”

“…”

“Well, sweet dreams, Marisa.” With that, Yumei disappears.

She’s right. I’m curious, I want answers, and I sure as hell don’t want her finding out what I dream about. Despite all that had happened, I make up my mind pretty fast. After school tomorrow, I will speak with Alice and find out what to do, assuming she and Cirno decided not to do what I said about me never wanting to see them again.

==

As the moon shines on one side of the world, the sun shines on the other.

After hours off tossing and turning in her sleep, Reimu Kiribayashi is awakened by the sunlight shining into the room and the sound of wood cutting through the air multiple times, along with a voice counting with each swish, “379… 380… 381… 382…”

She wakes up in a small bed in a small room with two beds. Next to her bed, there is the ordinary desk with a computer and TV nearby, and next to the other, there is hardly anything except kendo equipment and various objects wrapped in cloth. After a few second, she remembers where she is: She had graduated from high school, after having to do a ton of makeup work, due to her coma, and, after an all-too-short summer vacation, she enrolled in a Japanese university and is now living in a dorm. She looks in the direction of the swishing sounds and notices Youmu Konpaku, her former classmate from high school, who enrolled in the same university, and is now her roommate. Little does she know, however, that Youmu was a close friend of hers in a life she has no vivid memories of, where she was the protector of the ghost princess of the Netherworld and a master swordsman.

“Youmu…?” Reimu wakes up to Youmu practicing her kendo, a sport which, needless to say, she is very skilled in. Despite wearing a blue t-shirt and a mid-length brown skirt, both of which were recently washed, she is already working up a sweat.

Youmu smiles unusually cheerily, “Ah, good morning, Reimu! Did you sleep well?” Even though Youmu used to ask her what dreams she had, she had learned to keep asking that question under control.

Reimu says, “I slept okay, I guess. I had a weird dream…”

Youmu raises an eyebrow, “About what?”

“I was in a bamboo forest, and I was attacked by a horned monster with silvery-green hair. It said polite things, but it kept attacking with lasers and stuff. You were there too…”

This description has a familiar ring to Youmu, but she feigns ignorance, “That’s a weird dream! I was also being attacked by the monster?”

“Yeah…”

“Well, it was just a dream! Don’t worry about it!”

“True, but something felt so… real. So familiar. So… nostalgic…”

“You’re just imagining things. Don’t worry about it.”

“Yeah… You’re right…”

“… … … Today is a new day of class. Let’s not be late…” Youmu puts down her wooden sword, puts on a green hooded sweater, and picks up a blue gym bag, which she never once parted with.

“Right.”

Youmu runs for the door, “I’ll go on ahead and leave you to get changed! See you later!” Youmu leaves the room.

Reimu changes out of her night clothes and into a casual white t-shirt and blue slacks. She grabs a piece of bread from a nearby refrigerator, which she and Youmu share, spreads butter over its surface, and rushes out of the room, eating it, a meager breakfast, as she woke up very late.

She rushes across campus, an action that makes her stand out, as everyone else has either finished a class or is on time.

Finally, after climbing three floors of stairs in the campus’ largest building, she reaches her class: psychology, taught by Professor Yagokoro, who the previous year, taught at Reimu’s high school. Reimu can’t help but wonder if it’s a startling coincidence or she’s stalking her for some reason. However, Reimu once knew her as much more than a teacher, as she is a being from the moon, a Lunarian, Eirin Yagokoro, who escaped to Gensokyo. At that time, she was the best friend of the moon’s exiled princess, Kaguya Horaisan, and was known for having a genius IQ and skilled in making potions. Kaguya, and her rival, Mokou, were trapped in Gensokyo when it vanished.

Reimu rushes into the classroom, where all the other students had already arrived, “Sorry I’m late!”

Eirin, wearing an official-looking white suit and a pair of eyeglasses, says, “Thank you for coming today, Reimu. Don’t worry, you haven’t missed much.”

Reimu sits at her assigned desk.

Eirin begins the day’s lecture, “The human mind is known for being the mechanism which governs everything that defines us: Actions, emotions, opinions, beliefs, feelings… You would believe that mankind has figured out every aspect of it… but to this day, it is still a mysterious thing. When we sleep, we live lives very different from our realities; Temporary existences that are manifestations of our endless imaginations. Class, today we are going to talk about dreams…”

Reimu lays her head on her desk, noticing the strange theme of her day so far, or even her life since awakening from her coma.

“Everything that we’ve ever felt and experienced determine the lives we live during our times of slumber…”

A couple hours pass. Finally, class ends and Reimu and the other students leave the classroom. Soon after, a female security guard, with red eyes and long lavender hair, wearing a blue uniform, with a handgun holstered at her hip and a hat which fits her awkwardly, enters the room.

“Hello, Reisen,” greets Eirin, “What brings you here?”

Reisen takes her hat off, revealing her ears, which were coiled underneath. They stretch and straighten out, “I have some news, Eirin-sama.”

“What is it?”

“I got word from Sakuya that a battle against some mysterious entity caused Marisa to regain some of her memories.”

“Really?”

“Really! I was told that she got her hands on a spellcard and ended up using one of her spells.”

“Interesting. Any word from Youmu about Reimu?”

Reisen pauses for a few seconds, “Yes, about her… Well, it seems Reimu actually remembers things from Gensokyo, but she is just having trouble comprehending it. She shares a bunch of dreams with Youmu, which were familiar experiences from back then.”

“I see. Perhaps that time has come? It’s much earlier than we planned, but the stage appears to have set itself…”


The day passes quickly. That evening, Reimu and Youmu eat dinner at a ramen stand not far from the university. They sit shoulder to shoulder at the counter, but while Youmu quickly eats her food, Reimu is deep in thought and only occasionally touches her dinner. Youmu soon notices Reimu’s behavior, “What’s wrong?”

“It’s just… the dreams. I’ve been having them more and more lately. I’m remembering too many and a lot of them have the same things… it’s making me uneasy…”

“They’re just dreams,” says Youmu.

“…”

“What same things keep appearing?”

“I told you about this before. Every once in awhile, two girls appear.”

Youmu tries to let out a friendly chuckle, “… Heh… They keep appearing, huh?”

“Yes. They try to talk to me, but… their words get broken up. I can’t understand them. From their expressions, it appears to be something important.”

Youmu raises an eyebrow in interest, but continues the same line of assurance, “You’re only imagining it...” Dammit! How much longer can I keep up this charade? I can’t just keep lying to her…

“I guess… and there is something else…”

“What?”

"I dream of battle and I dream of peaceful times, but a lot of them have me alongside the same people: you, Youmu, or someone that LOOKS like you, a silver-haired girl dressed as a maid, a blonde girl in blue, and…”

“Hm?”

“Another blonde girl in black, but there is something different about her. Her face… it’s a blur…”

“I… see…”

Reisen, dressed as a security guard, enters the stand and speaks to Youmu, “Excuse me, Miss Youmu Konpaku. I need to speak with you.”

Reimu looks at Youmu with mock-suspicion, “What did you do~?”

“Beat me. I’ll be right back.”

Youmu and Reisen leave the stand and head behind it, speaking softly so no one nearby can hear them.

“So, what is it, Reisen?”

“We are going to tell Reimu the truth.”

“Really?”

“Yeah. Eirin-sama and I will be waiting for the two of you in your room after class tomorrow.”

“Okay, although it only seems like it will be a matter of time when she recalls everything on her own.”

Reisen shrugs, “Well, whatever comes first. We’ll be waiting.”

==

The next day, I head to school. Of course, Alice and Cirno aren’t waiting by the gate for me. They won’t be here. Not with the injuries they got fighting Remilia. I’ll have to pay a visit after school, as I planned. I just want to get through classes today, so I can get my answers later, so I end up arriving on time again. When I get to class, however, I’m surprised to notice that Alice and Cirno actually DID come. However, they are seated in the middle of the class. They glance my way. Alice simply turns her head back to the front of the room in a ‘Hmph!’ fashion. Cirno gives me a dirty look, and then does the same. It figures. They’re pissed off, not that I blame them after what I said. I sit in my usual seat in the back of the class, the adjacent girls looking at me like I’d diseased. The girls of this school, being the preppy bitches they are, may constantly look down on me as some kind of lowborn, but a couple nights ago, I treated Alice, Cirno, and Sakuya the same for being figments of my imagination. It dawns on me all too clearly: I’m a hypocrite.

The classes go by with me lost in my own thoughts and self-inflicted despair. Finally, lunch arrives. Alice and Cirno are sitting at the usual cafeteria table. Well, here goes nothing. I won’t get very friendly reception, but I will set things right!

I walk over to the table, “Um… Hey, how’s it going?”

“…” They’re pretending to ignore me, I just know it.

“Is it alright if I sit here?”

“…”

“I’ll take that as a ‘yes’,” I sit down next to Alice. After several seconds of silence between us, Alice finally speaks up, “What do you want, Marisa? You said that you don’t want to see us again.”

“And that we shouldn’t exist,” adds Cirno.

“I know I said those things and I’m sorry.”

“…” My apology isn’t getting through.

“Look, I was just frightened at the time. I was attacked and thought I was going to die and I was scared of what you did and what you said. I honestly didn’t mean what I said, and if I could relive that event, I’d have handled it differently. Please forgive me.”

Alice and Cirno pause for a long time. Finally, both of them start laughing.

“What’s so funny?” I ask.

“Haha! Nothing,” says Alice, “It’s just that we’re not used to you making that kind of apology. Putting it that way… from YOU, then I guess I’d HAVE to forgive you…” The laughter stops after a few seconds. Alice rises from her seat, “However, I just want to so one thing to call it even…”

“What’s that?”

SLAP! Alice strikes me across the face fast and hard. I didn’t even see it coming, so I didn’t brace myself. She hit me so hard, I fall out of my seat and onto the floor.”

No teachers were around to witness this, much to Alice’s luck, but it made enough of a scene with the other students, that they were all stunned into silence… followed by a thunderous cheer. Dammit! This is probably karmic backlash from the horrible things I said, but I still can’t help but privately tell all those girls that they can go straight to Hell.

“Now we’re even,” says Alice, gripping her hand. I guess she hurt herself as much as she hurt me.

I get up off the floor, rubbing my cheek, “I deserved that…”

One of the girls walks over to our table and says to Alice, “You know, Alice, I thought you were just a lowly student here, but seeing as you went and hit that piece of human trash, I want you to join our clique.”

“SHUT UP AND GO AWAY!” yell me, Alice, and Cirno at the same time.

The girl flinches and walks away, “Whatever. My bad for thinking you were cool.” With us acting together like that, I guess we’re friends again.

With everything settled, I ask the first question on my mind, “What are the two of you doing here? I thought the wounds you got from that battle would have kept you from coming.”

“About that,” says Cirno, “Under our clothes, we look like mummies.”

Alice leans over the table, “We had to force ourselves to come. It would look suspicious if we weren’t here after the scene we created. Anyway, tending to our wounds is not something we’re used to.”

“How is that?”

“Gensokyo had this kind of… magic in the air. All its inhabitants benefited from it in various ways: We could fly, our wounds, provided they’re non-fatal, would completely heal in a matter of hours, and we could infuse specially marked paper with that magic, thus creating spellcards.”

“Spellcards?”

“During that battle, you used one to fire that large beam. All intelligent beings possess a great power, but using it puts a great strain on the body. Spellcards are a crutch we must rely on to draw that power out. They give us extra energy and regulate our flow of power so we can more easily use the power in the way we desire. Of course, we still use our stamina, so using them too much is not a good thing…”

“Is that why I felt a little woozy after using it?”

“Yes. As you are now, Marisa, the energy you possess is strong, but limited. Your alter ego, Marisa Kirisame, however, could use that attack repeatedly with ease.”

Cirno shares a piece of her limited knowledge, “This world doesn’t have that magic, so nobody without wings can fly, our wounds heal very slowly, and we can only use the spellcards we had when Gensokyo disappeared. We can’t make new ones…”

“Spellcards we attempt to create here are just scraps of paper,” adds Alice.

“It sounds like an amazing place,” I say.

“To you, I’m sure it does,” says Alice, with a smile.

“I mean, seriously! I could do crazy shit like I did a couple nights ago; I wouldn’t be hurt for long, and I could fly.”

“Not without a broomstick,” says Alice, “You sacrificed your ability to fly on your own for more magical power.”

“Whatever… Oh yeah, I met that ‘Yumei’ chick in my sleep last night.”

“Really?” says Cirno.

“Did you find anything out about her?” asks Alice, “Sakuya was attacked by her on the full moon night before the one where we were attacked. She’s quite enigmatic.”

I recount what I was told, “Well, she said she simply picked a fight with you guys to create an image of my Gensokyo memories, whatever they may be. It apparently worked. She can only come out on full moons; she says that she is trapped inside my subconscious and wants me to help with freeing two ‘foreign elements’ from my counterpart, a brunette whose face I can’t see, because doing that would free her from my mind too…”

“Interesting,” says Alice, “I can only assume that the ‘brunette’ she mentioned is Reimu…”

“Whatever her name is, Yumei said that I need to see her face, and I’ll SOMEHOW remember everything about Gensokyo clearly as crystal.”

“I see…”

I say solemnly, “Alice, I want to resolve this. What are those ‘foreign elements?’”

Cirno answers instead, “Two friends of ours, who were still in Gensokyo when it disappeared. We heard that they are living in Reimu’s head. One of our friends says that if we get you and Reimu together, we can rescue them.”

“… And get Yumei out of my head too.”

“We don’t know much about Yumei, so we’ll take your word for it. To be honest, I don’t know where she came from, but she may be a part of the answer we’re looking for…”

“Hm?”

“Gensokyo was more than a dream of you and Reimu. While it lasted, it was an entire dimension. Sakuya, a few of our other friends, and the two in Reimu’s head, were not natively born of Gensokyo. They came from the outside. We don’t know how, but Yumei might know something as to how that is.”

I lean back, “At any rate, I’m interested, and I have to admit, this is kinda fun. I will help you out. I take it I need to meet this Reimu chick, right?”

“Yes,” answers Alice, “She lives in Japan.”

I nearly fall out of my seat from leaning back too much, “JAPAN? How the hell are we gonna get there? I don’t have enough money to afford a trip like that!”

Alice smiles, “Don’t worry, Marisa. We have someone who can get us from one side of this world to the other in a heartbeat.” 
Behind Mima, the Hakurei Shrine, the home of my best friend, who had fought to save Gensokyo on numerous occasions, burns down, as to symbolize that all will be ruination. The girl who was once a savior appears to have become a destroyer for reasons that are still beyond my understanding. As the shrine casts a large flame, other disasters occur all around. Besides the flashes, the dark sky, casting a depressing shadow over the once happy and beautiful land, the acute decrease in temperature, and all, but a few vanishing, all the plants start to whither too. Having seen at one point first-hand where the souls of the dead go and what happens, I thought the idea of death wasn’t so bad for awhile, but for everything to end like this reconfirms the fear. However, I try to maintain a strong front in front of Mima, so I can get some answers and possibly find Reimu and end this disaster, “What do you mean ‘thought?’”

Mima says flatly, “That’s a way of describing what Gensokyo is. Something temporary. Something that ends. Something that disappears. This is the thought’s end.”

Sakuya asks, “Why did Remilia-sama and the others disappear?”

Mima answers, “As befits this ‘thought,’ there are ‘figments’ of imagination. That’s all the residents of Gensokyo are: figments. They never truly existed and they faded into the inexistence that they are.” Just a couple minutes ago, Reimu referred to Suika as a ‘figment.’ Now Mima is doing the same. Just what does it mean?

Sakuya yells, “That’s not true! Remilia-sama… Flandre… Meiling… Patchouli… They were real living people!”

Mima chuckles, “To you, it sure seemed that way, didn’t it. But they were actually figments of the fleeting imagination. Pure fiction.”

Sakuya persists with her position in the argument, “No! My mistress was real! When I was confused and depressed, approaching a dead-end in life, Remilia-sama gave me a new purpose! She changed my life! What she taught me, what she gave me, how I felt! It was real! Remilia-sama was a real person!”

Mima pauses, then throws her head back, laughing, “HAHAHAHAHA!”

“Gr…” Sakuya’s eyes narrow. I have a feeling this is not going to go over well, but I understand why Sakuya is so pissed. I find it hard to accept that my friends, like Alice and Cirno didn’t really exist. I spoke to them, I laughed with them, I cried with them, they gave me encouragement when I felt down, and in return, I cheered them up. Cirno trying so hard to become a powerful youkai and Alice trying so hard to teach Cirno! It was real! I can’t accept what Mima is telling us! Sure enough, I silently share Sakuya’s feelings.

Mima says, as if she had just heard the funniest one-liner ever, “Oh, this is TOO good! ‘Remilia-sama taught me!’ ‘Remilia-sama gave me a purpose!’ Sorry, maid, but ‘Remilia-sama’ was nothing but a character. You might as well mourn a cartoon!”

“Damn you!” snarls Sakuya, as she tosses a couple knives at Mima.

“Vengeance from inexistence. How absurd.” Mima swings her arm, causing an invisible force to deflect the knives.

I could debate all day, but I doubt Mima will change her position. Instead, I ask, “Just what the hell are you, Mima? What are you doing here at this time?”

Mima smiles, “Finally, an intelligent statement. I’m here… only for THIS…” Mima extends her hand toward me and fires a thin laser.

“Marisa!” At the last second, Sakuya shoves me out of the way, though the laser still manages to graze my cheek. There is a slight burning pain and blood trickles down, but no major damage was inflicted.

I glare at Mima, “What… the… fuck?”

Mima says, “THAT’S why I’m here: to take your lives.”

“Why?” asks Sakuya.

Mima spreads her arms, “Look around you! This thought is ending! It’s horrible! Eventually, all that will remain is a black void. Everyone left over will be damned to float in that hellish solitude… and even then, there is no relief. The void has no boundaries. It is nothing but inexistence. Even after death, the souls can’t leave the void. All that remains is the despair… the impending insanity that will be heard by no one. My mission is one of mercy: to ensure that those who can’t vanish, like the two of you, will depart this realm, to the afterlife, before the thought completely ends. Once my mission is finished, I too will find my eternal rest. Now hold still and let me kill you. Do you want to be lost for eternity, even after your death?”

Sakuya says, “It’s fairly irrelevant to me…” One thing I forgot to mention: Sakuya is immortal. Yup, a long time ago, she drank an elixir that gave her eternal life, or so I was told, according to what she was told. She will stay young forever, and if she dies, she will shortly return to life. However, she drank another potion that would erase her memories if she died again. She would return to life, of course, but she’d be nothing more than a vegetable… for eternity. That sounds like a fate worse than death, although it seems to beat what Mima said. At least Sakuya wouldn’t be consciously aware of it “… However, do you know why Marisa and I didn’t disappear like everyone else?”

Mima says, “You don’t need to know. Now just surrender your lives. Time is running out, and I have a steep workload ahead of me!”

I say, “Normally, I’d accept your offer, Mima, but I feel like all this can be reversed. All I need to do is find Reimu and get shit straightened out.”

“I won’t accept that,” says Mima, “I have a duty I’ve been entrusted with by Princess Yuyuko Saigyouji of the Netherworld. I’ve waited patiently, and the time has arrived. I will complete my mission and go home!”

“Yuyuko?” Yes, I know her. She’s a ghost princess that rules over the gardens of the Netherworld, Hakugyokurou. She has power over death… and she’s had that, even in life… at which point, she went by the name, Yuko Saigyou. According to her best friend, Yukari Yakumo, people feared and rejected her because of that. Eventually, there was a youkai tree called the Saigyou Ayakashi, which sucked the life from Gensokyo. Yuko sacrificed her soul to seal the tree, and moved on to the Netherworld, as a spirit without a soul, thus she wasn’t subject to being sent to Heaven, Hell, or reincarnation. As a result, she became an eternal resident of the Netherworld and she was given her position by the Yama, Sikieiki Yamaxanadu. Yukari once gathered spring essence, which makes seasons possible in Gensokyo (without it, there is only winter), in order to unseal the Saigyou Ayakashi, (which she moved to Hakugyokurou) and become reunited with her friend, Yuko, trapping humans who rejected her in an eternal winter at the same time. Luckily, I, Reimu, Sakuya, with a little help from Yuyuko and her gardener-slash-protector, Youmu Konpaku, fought back, but it was Yuko’s soul which convinced Yukari of the folly of her ways.

Sakuya says, “With people like me, your efforts will be in vain. Even so, I’d have no intention of dying when I can set things right.”

Mima’s eyes narrow, “I will kill you whether you like it or not. It’s largely a matter of the time it takes and the pain you’ll feel. En garde!” Mima points her staff at me and fires a blast of magic, which I duck under while running toward her. I attempt to hit her, using my broomstick as a staff, but she blocks with her own staff.

Sakuya backs me up by tossing a couple knives at the ghost, but she repels me and deflects them with her staff. Mima draws a spell card, “Magic Sign!” Rainbow-colored energy flows into her staff, “Twinkle Star Wave!” She points the staff at us and a flurry of star-shaped magic blasts (like the ones I used against Koakuma) flies toward us.

Sakuya jumps back, as do I, as she readies a spell card of her own, “Blade Sign!” Several knives materialize around Sakuya and fly toward the blasts, cutting through and dispelling them. Sakuya directs her arm in Mima’s direction, “Beginning of Trembling!” The knives left over suddenly home in on the surprised Mima. They cut through her, her wounds producing silver smoke. She loses her focus and the remaining blasts vanish.

I draw a spell card to take advantage of Mima’s weakening, “Magicannon!” Rainbow-colored energy flows into me. The surge is exhilarating! “Final Spark!” I fire a massive beam of magic, of various colors, at Mima, larger than the Master Spark. Final Spark is my second strongest ‘spark’ spell, surpassed only by Magicannon: Final Master Spark.

However, Mima recovers faster than I expected, and draws another spell card, “Magic’s Might!” A ton of golden energy flows into her staff, “Twilight Spark!” Huh? Before I can comprehend, she points her staff at my beam and fires a magical beam of magic of her own, as big as, or maybe even larger, as mine.

Our two ‘sparks’ clash. Even though I got the initiative, Mima’s attack is holding out quite well. We both pour some extra energy into our attacks. Sakuya tries to provide me with backup and tosses a knife at Mima, but the force of our spells release energy, which knocks it away.

Our power struggle lasts for about a minute, but my stamina starts to reach its limit and Mima overpowers me. I’m knocked back, feeling like I was hit by a flying boulder, and fly back so far, I land on the middle of the staircase.

I slowly rise back to my feet, feeling like shit. Up above, I hear Sakuya picking up where I was beaten. I slowly run up the stairs and reach the top. Sakuya and Mima are about even, but Mima is breathing faster. I guess her struggle with me took a lot out of her too.

Mima draws a spell card, pauses to catch her breath, and then declares, “Flash Sign!” She’s using a spell card in her condition? She’s got to be getting there… Several magic circles appear above, pointing downward. Magic circles are like portals: they are two-dimensional and they are like a gateway for things to go through. They are white circles with a star-shape in the middle. Almost everyone in Gensokyo can use them. Everyone has a personal ‘subspace’ in which energy (like the case with me) or objects (in Sakuya’s case, for example) are stored, and they are released through the magic circles. “Earth Light Nova!” The magic circles fire a number of large lasers downward at Sakuya, who dives forward, though the force of them hitting the ground seemed to have knocked her a bit. Another magic circle forms while Sakuya is on her belly after dodging the first attack and fires its laser, scoring a direct hit.

However, Sakuya manages to endure the blast and draws a spell card while she is on her hands and knees, “Illusion Existence!” Several magic circles materialize around Sakuya, “Clock Corpse!” The circles fire out knives, which home in on Mima. However, she sidesteps the knives without breaking her focus. Several more magic circles appear above Sakuya.

Mima yells, “This is_ Huh?”

A voice from out of nowhere declares, “Immortal: Fire Bird –Flying Phoenix-!” Suddenly, a flame in the shape of a bird swoops down and tears through Mima, breaking her focus, causing her magic circles to vanish. Sakuya and I turn around to see our sudden ally hovering in the air, a girl with aqua hair, extending down to the back of her knees, and red eyes (though not as bright as Remilia and Flandre’s), wearing a brown shirt and red overalls. She’s Fujiwara no Mokou. Like Sakuya, she drank the immortality elixir, so she is also immortal, though she won’t lose her memory if she dies. She also has the ability to control fire. Mokou lives in a bamboo forest, close to a village populated by humans. She has a fairly antisocial lifestyle. She once tried to erase the moon to prevent an alien invasion, but me and my friends defeated her. We’ve been… neutral since then. It seems like she hadn’t disappeared, nor is she in the process of vanishing, so I guess she’s like me and Sakuya.

“Mokou!” Sakuya yells out, relieved.

Mokou shrugs and says, “I don’t know what the hell’s going on around here all the sudden. Keine, Akyu, and all the human villagers disappear mysteriously. Gensokyo becomes weird in general. I go to ask Reimu what’s going on, only to see her shrine burning down and the two of you fighting some weirdo. What an unusual day. Oh well, at least I did my good deed.”

Mima, who has probably reached her limit, rises into the air, “Ugh… Looks like I can’t do much more. Very well, I shall leave you to whatever business you are trying to conduct, but remember that you brought this on yourselves, and for what? Beings that don’t exist. Don’t regret this later!” With that, Mima flies into the distance.

Sakuya says to Mokou, “Thank you. She would have had me if you didn’t show up when you did…”

Mokou folds her arms in front of her as she descends to ground level, “If you guys really want to thank me, you’ll tell me just what the hell is going on around here. What is this, the apocalypse or something?”

“…” Sakuya and I silently nod.

Mokou puts her hand over her mouth as she gasps in surprise, “Oh my god!”

I explain to Mokou what we’ve learned. About the occurrences around Gensokyo, about Reimu, and about what Mima said about Gensokyo being a ‘thought’ and everyone being ‘figments.’

Before Mokou can respond, however, another voice comes from the general direction of the stairs, “So it really is the end of Gensokyo, huh? Funny, I always thought I would be the cause of it. Not that damned miko…” The owner of the voice comes into sight: a girl with short green hair, wearing a red dress and white blouse. She’s Yuka Kazami, a mad youkai that can control flowers. She once covered Gensokyo with poisonous flowers. She calls herself Gensokyo’s strongest youkai. While I don’t know if she’s really the most powerful, she’s definitely up there. She’s half-faded.

I say solemnly, “Yuka… It seems not even you could resist what’s happening to everyone…”

Yuka looks at the ground, depressed, an emotion I didn’t even think she was capable of, “So I don’t really exist, huh? Right now, my whole definition of ‘existing’ has gone straight to hell. Everything that I’ve done and worked for… in the end, I’m regulated to the status of inexistence. What a way to live… and end…”

Even though Yuka’s an enemy to me, and even Gensokyo at times, I can’t help but feel a little bad for her right now. I take a few seconds to find the right words, “Yuka, no matter what you are, you are real to me. I refuse to acknowledge you as anything less than that.”

Yuka blushes slightly, “I… I don’t want or need your pity, witch. After all… I… I am… the strongest…” She tries to act tough, but she’s scared, just like everyone else. I wonder what happens to the consciousness of those that vanished. I find it hard to imagine they just disappear like they never existed in the first place. Yuka vanishes… there goes another one…

There are several minutes of silence between myself, Sakuya, and Mokou. Mokou asks, “So what are we gonna do? How are we going to get Gensokyo out of THIS situation?” She points at the area at the bottom of the hill we are standing on. Dead plants and ruined buildings as far as the eye can see. Yeah, I can understand why she’s so skeptical.

I answer, “Well… Yukari said she would meet with us. I guess that’s the first thing to do. The thing is, Reimu just disappeared. I don’t know where the hell she went, but wherever she is, we gotta get there. Hopefully Yukari knows, because I don’t know shit right now…”

“Huh? You haven’t disappeared either?” Three more people approach.

One of them has very long black hair and wears a pink shirt with many white bows down the front and a dark red skirt. She’s Kaguya Houraisan. Believe it or not, she used to be a princess from the moon, but she was exiled to our world, where she eventually found her way to Gensokyo. She drank the same elixir that Sakuya and Mokou drank, thus she’s immortal as well. She has power over eternity and has a past history with Mokou, which had caused the two of them to become bitter rivals. They patched up some of their differences, but they keep on fighting. I guess it’s just their nature…

The second person has long silver hair tied into a large braid in the back and wears a dress which is half red and half blue, split down through the middle, and wears a blue cap. She’s Eirin Yagokoro, one of Kaguya’s servants, and she also came from the moon. She has a genius IQ and can make any kind of potion… including the immortality elixir. In fact, she was its original creator, so naturally, she’s immortal as well.

Lastly, there is a girl with long lavender hair and red eyes, wearing a black business suit over a white shirt and red tie, and a pink skirt. More noticeably, though, are the two rabbit-like ears extending from her head. Her name is Reisen Udongein Inaba. Like Kaguya and Eirin, she’s also from the moon and came to Gensokyo looking for them. She’s a moon rabbit, a type of youkai from the moon, of course. She can inflict mental stress on someone, just by looking into their eyes and create illusions through a similar nature.

Being from the moon, Kaguya, Eirin, and Reisen are called Lunarians… and one more fun fact about Sakuya: so is she, although she didn’t find that out until recently. They are hiding in Gensokyo, in the bamboo forest, in a castle they built, called Eientei, in order to escape from their fellow moon people. They don’t want to return to the moon, which is apparently locked in an unending war with one of Gensokyo’s parallel realms. We learned that the Lunarians are planning on invading Gensokyo as well, so we’ve been trying to prepare for them, although under these current circumstances, that’s the least of our problems. Kaguya tried to delay their arrival by replacing the moon with one that will never become full, since Lunarians can only plane-walk when it’s full, which also emitted a light, causing almost everyone to obey her wishes, all as a means to prepare for war. Me, Reimu, Sakuya, and Youmu managed to stop her though, and since then, we’ve decided to prepare without disrupting Gensokyo’s way of life.

Mokou looks at Kaguya, “It seems that whole disappearing thing didn’t erase you, princess. Joy.”

Kaguya smiles slightly, “I should say the same to you, Fujiwara no Mokou.”

I ask, “What brings the three of you here?”

“I think it’s rather obvious,” states Reisen, “Gensokyo is falling apart, the bamboo forest is withering, Tewi and all the other earth rabbits have just…” Reisen snaps her fingers, “… vanished into thin air, and finally, there were some violent earthquakes, which reduced Eientei to a pile of broken wood. We were wondering if Reimu knew anything about what’s going on, hoping she didn’t disappear either…”

“Welcome to the apocalypse!” says Mokou sarcastically.

Eirin’s eyes widen, “The apocalypse? It’s the end of Gensokyo?”

“Apparently,” answers Mokou, nodding her head slowly.

“How could this happen?” asks Kaguya.

Mokou explains the situation in a nutshell, “Well, we were told that Gensokyo is a ‘thought’ and everyone is not real, so they disappeared. Apparently, Reimu is in the middle of all this and she acted weird, or so I was told. Everyone left over, namely us, are doomed to be a part of this crumbling world and float for eternity in a black void. To prevent that, some weirdo came and tried to kill us, but we sent her packing, so here we are now, the six of us standing in a disappearing world. This dream world has officially become a nightmare, people.”

Kaguya looks at me and Sakuya, “Is this true.”

I nod and answer, “Yeah. It’s the end of the world. I think we might have a chance of undoing this if we can find where Reimu went. Unfortunately, I don’t have a clue right now. Yukari might, though, so we should wait for her, after she’s done doing her investigating.”

We wait. I look out at the land from the hill. Under the dark shadow, everything is brown. Nothing but a wasteland. I look in the direction of the bamboo forest, where Eientei was barely visible on the horizon, but of course, it’s gone, just like Reisen said. Looking in another direction, a number of distant mountains had crumbed, including the Mountain of Faith, formerly known as Youkai Mountain, which had a massive shrine built into it. The world which held so many memories is facing complete destruction. Yukari, where are you…? Suddenly, I notice something else at the foot of the hill: the ground is starting to cave into itself, forming a dark hole, which rapidly spreads. A frigid wind blows through, which hits me like several needles.

“AHHH!” The patch of ground Kaguya is standing on suddenly caves in. She manages to grab the ledge, however.

“Kaguya!” all of us yell.

Sakuya asks, “Can you fly back up?”

“I can’t!” yells Kaguya in a strained voice, “It’s sucking me i_ Ah!” The ledge Kaguya was holding onto crumbles and the princess starts to get sucked into the void. Before any of us can react, however, Kaguya’s arm is grabbed by the most unlikely savior: Mokou.

Kaguya’s eyes widen, “Mokou! Why…?”

Mokou answers, “If anything’s gonna do you in, princess, it will be me, not the freaking apocalypse! It doesn’t end here!” Mokou pulls Kaguya out of the hole.

I realize the hazardousness of the situation has now reached a whole new level. Is this what Yukari meant by ‘Gensokyo becoming a dangerous place?’ I recall that ball-thing she gave me. It definitely looks like we’ll need a ‘safe place’ now, especially that Gensokyo is crumbling in many different places. I pull it out of my pocket and tell everyone, “Yukari gave me this. It will take us to a ‘safe place.’ However, there’s six of us and she said the portal will be open for five seconds, so we’d better be fast!”

Sakuya, Mokou, Kaguya, Eirin, and Reisen come closer to me as I drop the ball. As expected, a portal, blue in color, just wide enough for a person to fit through, opens. Wasting no time, I drop in first, followed by Kaguya, then Mokou, then Sakuya, then Eirin, and finally Reisen, as I imagine it closes. We all made it through and that’s what important.

I look around where we are now: We’re in the middle of a field, which is covered in snow. There are several icy mountains in the distance. In spite of this, however, the temperature is about 50 degrees. Pretty pleasant. Up above, it is nighttime, with the sky completely clear with a crescent moon and enough stars visible to see the various constellations.

“What is this place?” asks Kaguya.

Eirin adds, “It seems so cold, yet it’s so nice. Beautiful, even…”

Mokou says, “Well, the important thing is that it’s not a mess like Gensokyo… and that’s IF there’s anything left of it...”

I mention, “Yukari said she’d meet us here… but I wonder what ‘here’ is…”

“Marisa?” Behind me, I hear a familiar voice saying my name. I turn around and see two familiar faces in this unknown land.

The first one has semi-long blonde hair, managed with a red headband and blue eyes, wearing a blue dress with white highlights. She is accompanied by a doll with yellow hair, wearing a blue dress. She’s Alice Margatroid, she was the only other resident in the area of Gensokyo I called home: the Forest of Magic. She is a magician like me, but also a youkai. She has the ability to control dolls, like the one with her, Shanghai. She’s intelligent and had taken five other youkai under her wing as students. We used to be rivals, but we’ve gotten to be very close friends.

With Alice is a much shorter girl with short light-blue hair with a blue ribbon, wearing a blue dress. She has two light-blue wings extending out of her back. She’s Cirno, one of those five students of Alice I mentioned, the first one, in fact. She’s not very bright, but she has potential to be elite among youkai, which is Alice’s goal with this girl. Ironically, Alice considers Cirno her star pupil. However, lately, she has shown improvement and even some surprising smarts.

Surprised, I say, “Alice? Is that really you? How did you get here? What is this place?”

Alice answers, “I’ve had some past connection with this particular realm, and I’ve managed to escape here with Cirno when it was clear that Gensokyo won’t survive, not to mention that we were starting to fade. This is Makai, the demon world.”

Cirno smiles cheerfully and says, “Isn’t it pretty? I like it here!”


One day, I looked up and realized I was surrounded by books.

Stacks of them covered my writing desk. Piles of dusty leather and paper-backed volumes were scattered around the floor of my study. Some small leaflets rested in precarious balance on the arms of my chair, threatening to fall in a messy pile of paper if I breathed in the wrong direction.

Different thicknesses, weights, bindings and writings. Some had colorful and ornate covers, hand painted landscapes and portraits meant to represent the book’s content. Others had only printed titles on the spines. There were many thick tomes, reference and thesis, dictionary and treatise and lecture. There were many more lighter books, novels of every possible genre, small booklets of poetry written in both the old and new languages.

Books were everywhere. No order or organization. Just books piled upon books, held up with a foundation of books, topped with a spire of more books. It was untidy.

For one second, I was short of breath. I inhaled deeply, and regretted it. There was a deep itch in my chest, and I coughed hard to clear it. I covered my mouth with my hand, to keep from hacking all over the books. I felt the heat and moisture of my breath against my palm. I coughed one last time, got my breathing under control.

How unladylike. I was dehydrated. I needed some tea. Or better, some wine. I took a breath and called for the help.

“Fairies!” I yelled. “Come he—”

That was more than my dry lungs could manage. A burning scratch rose into my throat, and I coughed again. It was deeper this time. I coughed longer and harder. I covered my mouth again, and shook out my hand after. I hoped I had not expectorated.

“Fairies!” I yelled again, afraid to shout any more. I gave conscious effort to breathing evenly.

After a silent moment, there came the faint sound of slippers padding on the stone tile floor. A girl poked her head around the door frame, as if checking for traps. She looked up and down, to the corners of my study, before finally looking at me.

“What are you doing here?” I said. My voice held if I spoke at normal volume. “I called for the fairies. You are supposed to be searching for À la Recherche du Temps Perdu. Have you found the sixth volume yet?”

The girl stepped in the door as I spoke. I call her girl, but she was not human. This was an odd breed of youkai, the only one of her kind I have ever known. She is taller than I, pale and slim of figure. She has no wings on her back, neither those of a fairy nor the bat wings of a vampire. But she does have a small, entirely useless pair off the sides of her head. These were dark and ribbed like some conception of dragon wings. Their bases were hidden under an uncombed mop of red hair. She wore a flowing dress mostly white and black. As she stood at my study’s door, she continually wrung her hands and looked down at the floor. She would not cease fidgeting in my presence.

“N- no, Lady Patchouli,” she said. “I thought, um....” She swallowed. “Miss Sakuya called all the fairies upstairs. So I thought I might—”

“Sakuya did what?” I said. I tried to stand, but I was pinned in place. I only then remembered a twenty-pound book was in my lap. I tried not to look foolish, but I fear I failed.

“I think it’s for the birthday party,” said the youkai girl. “Sakuya said she needed all the help she could get. But she told me to stay down here, probably because I’d do more harm than good.” She tried to smile, but did not quite get there. “I guess I’d be spilling and breaking things all over the place. So if it’s okay, I can help you while the fairies—”

“It most certainly is not okay!” I said. The youkai girl flinched, as if she deserved my anger. I hoisted the mighty book off my lap and tried to set it on my armrest. I forgot the pile of leaflets there until too late. The big book had no balance or friction. It fell, landed on the floor with a thick whump. The leather booklets pattered down around it.

“Kuso!” I spat, in my best old-language accent. I stood and looked at the mess surrounding my chair. I decided my study was no less organized than it had been twenty seconds ago. I turned and stalked towards the door. I took my book of spellcards off the desk as I passed.

The youkai girl stood frozen at the door, her hands bunched at her breast. The wings on her head were so tense that they shuddered.

“Come with me, Koa,” I said. I grabbed my brooched nightcap off the hat hook near the door.

“Y- yes, Lady Patchouli,” she said. She stepped aside to let me out of the study. I passed her and stomped out into the library. One of my height does not make a menacing presence when stomping anywhere, but I think the fire of discontent inside me more than made up the difference.




The narrative declaration of identity is obligatory, so allow me to clear that minor matter. My name is Patchouli Knowledge. I am youkai servant, attendant and librarian of Remilia Scarlet. Those reading this text already know me, so further self-description will be omitted. However, not all know my assistant. I spare a few words for her.

Several months before the time of this writing, the residents of the Scarlet mansion chanced upon a vagrant youkai. Specifically, our door guard, Hong Meiling, challenged a passerby with unnecessary zeal. And by challenged, I do not mean the customary function of a guard. Not the proper reaction a guard shows a newcomer, to ask for name and purpose, and to relent if an appropriate response is given. A good door guard might have done so, but Hong is not a good door guard. She is, however, an excellent martial artist, and even better at raw brutality. Those talents she enacts whenever possible. She chased down the poor wandering youkai and beat her senseless.

In ordinary cases, I would not have given Hong’s behavior a second thought. Many wild fairies try to enter our mansion, usually in the hope of stealing food. Hong is effective at keeping them out. But this particular youkai girl was not a mere fairy. The first time I saw her, broken and bleeding from thirteen wounds, I was intrigued. I had never seen a youkai of her like. I was happy to learn she had high-level intelligence, that she could speak and reason on the same level as many humans.

She had first approached the mansion with hopes of finding food and shelter. She was not suited to live in the wild. She was dirty, naked, starved mostly to death. With my mistress’s permission, I took her on as an assistant. I needed the help keeping track of all the books in the library, a task often too great to delegate to the fairies. I clothed her, fed her, and facilitated her reading comprehension. She is a fast learner.

When she had healed from Hong’s abuse well enough to speak, the first thing I asked was her name.

“Uh... n- name?” were the first words she ever spoke to me.

“Anata ga namae wa?” I said. She might have been one of the few youkai who spoke the old language.

That earned no better reaction from her. She only looked at me in terrified confusion.

“What is your name?” I said.

“I, uh....” She took a moment to gather her words. “I don’t think I have a name. I never call myself anything.”

“Then, for the present, I will refer to you as Koakuma,” I said.

More confusion from the youkai girl. She did not know if I was insulting her.

“Does... does that mean something?” she said.

I nodded. “An old language description of your likeness.”

We never decided a permanent name, so it became Koakuma. To bring an end to regression to the matters past, she now followed me across the library, padding along after me. Her dress flowed and trailed behind her. Her legs were longer than mine, but she did not dare walk in front of me. Though I have never ordered her to stay behind me.

“Where are we going, Lady Patchouli?” she said. We had made it to the library’s heart. We walked over the circle in the middle of the floor, the reflective marble etched with the star made of two inverse triangles.

“Upstairs,” I said. I carried my spellcard folder under one arm. With my other hand, I tightened my nightcap. My long ponytails swung behind me as I walked.

Koakuma swallowed again. I was not facing her, so I saw none of her mannerisms. But I could hear it in her voice. It was one of her anxious habits.

“Too see Sakuya?” she said.

“And the mistress, if needs be,” I said. “That maid has no right to take my staff from me, birthday parties or no.”

“Um. She didn’t say she planned on keeping them. She just needed their help—”

I stopped mid step, whirled around to face her. My ponytails wrapped around my hips momentarily before settling back behind me. Koakuma stepped back, as if the force of my glare were enough to push her.

“Do you justify her behavior?” I said. “Can you present acceptable reasoning that allows Sakuya to take my fairies for her own use, without ever asking my permission? Without even informing me?”

Koakuma’s jaw worked up and down, and she folded her arms around herself as if she had suddenly become cold. Her teeth nearly chattered.

“I, um, I—”

“I thought not,” I said. I turned again and kept walking to the library’s exit. I cleared a dozen steps before I realized she was not following me. I looked back over my shoulder, saw her standing on the marble star as though her feet were rooted to it. She seemed not to know if she was still welcome to follow me.

“Koakuma!” I said. “Come!”

“Yes, Lady Patchouli!”

She hurried after, slowing to a walk once again behind me.




We went up only the first flight of stairs to reach the ground floor. The kitchen was on this level, to allow easiest access to the cellar and inbound supplies from outside the mansion. I expected Sakuya to be there, and my expectations were met.

The kitchen was in chaos. Fairy maids flew in all directions, carrying dishes and food in various stages of preparation. Doors constantly flipped open and closed. Cabinets and pantries, the stairs down to the cellar, the double-doors that led up to the dining room. The noise was enough to split one’s head open. Clattering, shouted orders and requests to be heard over the ambiance of nine other things being said simultaneously. Flatware and cookware clashed and clanged everywhere. Not even counting the smells. I covered my nose at first, unprepared for the mismatch of vegetable, fruit, grain and meat odors all mixing at once.

I stood in the kitchen’s entrance from the hallway. Koakuma was at my side.

“Wow,” she said. “I’ve never seen so many fairies in one place.”

“That is because half of them are mine,” I said.

In the middle of it all was the head maid herself. Sakuya stood over the island in kitchen’s center. She had a heavy cutting board on the counter, and was pushing a large cleaver through a side of beef. She cut off thin steak slices, and yelled at the fairies each time the slices stacked up.

“You! Take these! Put them in a quarter inch of oil and turn them on a low flame.” Sakuya nodded at another fairy. “You! Take these and rub them down with that spice mix I gave you. No, not that one, you moron! That’s plain salt! And you, take these! Put each one between two slices of the garlic bread and put them on the bottom stone of the second oven. But don’t light the fire yet! They’ll burn before we’re done with the rest of this.”

Then Sakuya noticed us. She ignored me.

“Koa!” she shouted across the kitchen. “I told you to stay out of here. If you touch a single fork before dinner’s ready, I swear!”

“She is here at my request,” I said.

“Great!” said Sakuya. Her shoulders worked for each cut of meat. “When my request counts for something down in the library, then we’ll talk about you dragging people into the kitchen. But until then, what I say goes in this room. Take Koakuma out of here, please.”

“You have already violated the very agreement to which you allude,” I said. “If it were true to say we each had our domains of authority, then it is not I who have failed to respect those domains.”

Sakuya shook her head. “I don’t have time for moonspeak. Koa, translate for me.”

“She’s mad that you took the library’s fairies,” said Koa.

“Talk to the mistress about that!” said Sakuya. “Fat lot of good they’re doing me anyway. They couldn’t knead dough to save the world.”

“Now you know why I have them trained to dust and organize books,” I said.

Sakuya threw her knife down on the cutting board. It bounced and landed on the floor halfway across the room. One fairy ducked out of the way just in time to avoid dismemberment.

“What choice did I have?” Sakuya yelled. She left the meat behind and crossed the kitchen to us. “The mistress interrupts my work to let me know we’re throwing a birthday party. Great. Wonderful. Fabulous. Let’s all celebrate and have a good time. Then she tells me the party is planned to start in six hours! How am I supposed to have a party ready in six hours? You tell me!”

I tightened my hold on my spellcard folder. Koakuma cowered behind me, even though our difference in height offered her no cover.

“You are acting threatening, Sakuya,” I said. “I suggest you calm yourself.”

Sakuya’s fists both clenched. Her knuckles were white. She seemed ready to dish out more verbal lashing, but held her tongue. She glanced down at my spellcard book.

“You calm yourself,” she said. Then she noticed the noise behind her had stopped. The fairies all stared at her with open-mouthed gazes, as if waiting for bloodshed. Some had even paused in mid air, their wings beating to keep them in place.

Sakuya slowly turned. She gave the fairies what must have been an exceptionally nasty look. She took in a deep breath.

“GET BACK TO WORK!” she shouted. The fairies animated in unison. They doubled their efforts, moving faster than they had when I entered.

I turned and headed out the door, stepping past Koakuma. I walked out into the hallway.

“Come,” I said.

Koa glanced back into the kitchen once, and then followed after me. The kitchen door swung shut behind us. The muffled sound of an angry maid yelling at dozens of fairies slowly fell away.

“But,” said Koa, walking behind me again. “You didn’t get your fairies back.”

“Nor will I, through that method,” I said. “Unless I kill Sakuya.”

Koa gasped.

“Humans can be quite irrational,” I said. “Especially when stressed, which they often are. Besides that fact, Sakuya is not the one I should speak to. I believe I will take her advice.”

“So, we’re, um.”

I nodded. “We are going to see the mistress, yes.”




As it happened, we did not need to look far. The mistress was just next door, in the dining area. The room where House Scarlet ate its meals together was less barren and empty this evening. Though the blackness of a mid-winter evening reigned beyond the windows, the room itself was lit well with sparklamps. Fairies put up decorations. Three had been assigned to arranging table spreads. Many of the room’s tables and chairs were festooned with ribbons and bows and doilies and other frippery. Two other fairies strung up a large banner from two chandelier hooks on the ceiling. The mistress stood on a high chair, directing them.

“Spread it out more on the left,” she said, waving that direction. “Good. Now up. Pull it up! There you go.”

The two fairies’ wings glowed bright with effort. They beat like humming birds, their wings disappearing in rapid movement. At last they hooked their cargo to the ceiling. The fabric banner spread into the words HAPPY BIRTHDAY FLANDRE! in giant red letters.

“Perfect!” said the mistress. She hopped off her chair. “Now you two. Help is needed in the kitchen. I can hear Sakuya screaming, which must mean everything is exactly on schedule. Go make sure she doesn’t pop a vein. Hers or otherwise.”

The two fairies dropped several feet at once, obviously glad to be relieved of the banner several times their combined weight. They bowed to their mistress and flew across the room to the kitchen’s double doors. A short sound of bedlam echoed behind them as the doors flapped shut.

The mistress watched them go. She caught me in the corner of her eye, and turned to face Koakuma and I approaching from the dining room’s far entrance.

Remilia put her hands on her hips. “I was wondering when you were going to ascend from the abyss.”

We stepped up near the table. Both Koakuma and I bowed to our mistress.

“I had every intention of attending the celebration punctually,” I said. “As a matter of fact, the work of researching my present to Flandre is what kept me.”

“Research?” said Remilia. “Something bright and shiny is more than enough to please her. What gift for Flandre could possibly involve research?”

“My lady,” I said, “would it not be best to reveal that at the time of gift-giving?”

“Suit yourself,” said Remilia. “You’d better hurry, whatever it is. China’s done a good job of keeping the birthday girl occupied, so far. But even those two get bored of staring contests and playing Throw the Vampire.”

“Um!” said Koakuma. “I have a present for Flandre too. It’s probably nowhere near as good as anything you guys got her. But since you’ve all been so generous to me, I thought it only fair to... um, you know, do something for her.”

“That’s nice of you, Koa,” said Remilia. “Now would you two mind lending a hand? I have a dozen tables and four dozen chairs that need sprucing, decorating and reinforcing. You know how rowdy Flandre gets when she’s excited.”

I cleared my throat. Physical labor is not my forte, and I use all available routes of rhetoric and circumstance to avoid it.

“We will lend our assistance if you require it,” I said. “But if I may, another matter first. I interrupted my work on Flandre’s gift to bring a concern to your attention.”

Remilia waited. Her eyes narrowed slightly, a change of expression so small that only the attentive would notice. I too well knew the meaning of the look on my mistress’s face. Speak, she said wordlessly, but ensure that I do not feel the precious moments I have given you are wasted.

“Regarding my staff,” I said. “They were in the midst of assisting me in my preparations for the party, but disappeared in a manner that seemed sudden to me. I called for them, but only available was Koakuma, who informed me that Sakuya had spontaneously recruited all the fairies at my disposal. She has them working in the kitchen now, a task to which they are not well suited.”

“I’m aware of this,” said Remilia. “I ordered it.”

I paused. Even the keenest of intellectuals will occasionally find themselves cornered in argument, often because they simply failed to consider the obvious causes and effects. I had assumed Sakuya acted on her own authority, enlisted my fairy maids as a rash and inconsiderate decision. The reality of the situation was no serious hindrance, but I was disappointed with myself. Why had the possibility of circumstances other than my first assumption not occurred to me?

“I see,” I said. “If the reassignment was by your instruction, then I know it was for good reason. But I do have a request. If such balancing of workforce versus workload is required that I must be relieved of my staff, may I be informed of it in advance? So that I may delegate the tasks of managing a library with a reduced number of laborers.”

Remilia’s eyes glowed, brightening and dulling like embers blown upon.

“I’m happy to respond to your request,” she said. “Except that it contains a fallacy.”

I felt my brow bunch. I mentally reviewed my word choice. “Does it?”

“The fairies in this mansion are my staff,” said Remilia. “All of them.”

Again, words failed me. For the first time in several moments, I noticed Koakuma standing beside me. She again had her hands bunched to her chest, and shivered as if about to be blown over by a strong wind. Even so, I admired her courage. Since I had not dismissed her, she dutifully stayed by my side. Even while terrified by the exchange of two mightier beings.

I looked back to my mistress.

“I understand,” I said. I turned, and motioned for Koa to follow me. “I will return to the library and complete my preparations.”

“Another fallacy,” said Remilia to my back. “Yours are complete. Mine, on the other hand, are sorely behind. You and Koa will help me.”

I stopped, dropping both feet to the floor. I stood still for three seconds. It took a moderate effort of will to show no outward signs that I was dissatisfied with my mistress’s order. I did not allow myself to sigh, or snort, or moan, or even my shoulders to slouch.

“As you wish, Mistress,” I said.




As it happened, assisting with the dining room’s decorations was less tedious than I feared. When my mistress mentioned that the tables and chairs were to be reinforced, the intended meaning of the word differed from what Gensokyo’s commoners would understand. To the short-lived humans who establish trades as farmers, carpenters and smiths, to reinforce a piece of furniture means to nail additional material to it. An example is building crossing support bars between a stool’s legs, or adding feet to a table for better balance. These operations necessarily change the object into something heavier, bulkier, and uglier. This is unacceptable treatment for the furnishings of the Scarlet Mansion.

Though carved, smoothed and stained, our tables and chairs are still only wood. Thus, preparing our dining area for Flandre’s inevitable natal day destruction was a task to which I was particularly suited. Wood is one of the five elements of Eastern canon, my specialized branch of magic.

I lay my hand on the bare surface of a tabletop, close my eyes and speak hushed words of the old language. The ambient energies are excited and mobilized by my will. They rush to the table, infusing and surrounding the wood. The fiber of long-dead plant matter is strengthened as if part of a healthy ironwood tree. This spell was originally intended for fortifying armaments of war, when poor villagers had no means of defending themselves but hastily carved bokuto and wooden body plates.

A smile tugged at my lips. Defending the mistress’s home against the most rambunctious of its residents was, doubtless, the most epic of all struggles in which this wood-strengthening spell had been used.

The party was nearly ready to commence. Koakuma had been helping the fairies add place settings and center pieces to each table. The work matched her well, as it involved minimum opportunity for dropping, knocking over, or breaking things out of clumsiness. I risked taking my attention away from her for a moment while I sought out the mistress. I looked around the room, and saw her come from the kitchen. The double doors flapped shut behind her.

“Dinner’s just about done,” said Remilia, walking towards me. “Though you probably noticed the ever-lessening sounds of apocalypse from kitchen’s direction.”

She stepped past me, going deeper into the dining room. She looked side to side and inspected each table she passed. I walked after her.

“The aroma, too, suggests that Sakuya has done fine work.” I inhaled through my nose, and hunger pains tugged at my insides. “However, I have intended to inquire after the meaning of this occasion. It is fair to say this is our first organized celebration since the...” I searched for a good word, and realized there were none. “...events of this most recent passing summer, and Flandre being able to join our daily lives. Yet the date chosen for this celebration, and the subject of it, seem both impulsive and arbitrary. One wonders—”

Remilia stopped, turned to face me. “You preface too much, Patchouli. Ask what you want to ask.”

I swallowed my words, nodded to her. “Is today truly Flandre’s birthday?”

The question caught her off guard, and she blinked. But then she smiled.

“I don’t know,” she said. “I’ve never celebrated it before. But for some reason, it seems right to throw a party in the dead of winter. Don’t you agree?”

“Yes,” I said. “Especially in light of our neglecting the turning of the new year, busying ourselves with Flandre’s recovery.”

“That’s why,” she said. “I would have liked our human friends to come as well, but there was no time to send invitations.”

I was held my spellcard folder to my chest, and my grip on it tightened. I forced my muscles to ease.

“There would have been time, had we planned this party several days ahead.” My words betrayed my feelings, giving my mistress support in her hospitality towards the witch and shrine maiden.

Remilia shook her head. “This couldn’t wait. We need closure after last year’s mess. And I need to show that Flandre can now truly be a part of our family.”

As if on cue, the doors on the far side of the room burst open. Everyone turned to see what had caused the noise.

“Help me!” said Hong Meiling, staggering into the dining room. Her clothes were torn, hanging off her body in ragged shreds. Too much of her obscenely well-shaped body showed to maintain any level of modesty, but that seemed the least of her concerns for the moment.

“China!” Remilia yelled across the room. “How many times have I told you not to walk around the house naked? You don’t need to go showing those things off!”

“It wasn’t me!” said Meiling, leaning her weight against a table. “She’s coming! Please stop her!”

One need not guess to whom she was referring.

“I’m hungry!” came the yell form behind Meiling. The voice is difficult to describe. It is best to imagine a combination of a child screaming for its mother and an earthquake tearing hideous rents in the earth.

A blur of rainbow-colored light charged into the dining room. It kicked Meiling in the rear, bucking her forward in a manner that seemed similar how a scarecrow would look if hit with a battering ram. She flopped face-down on the table before her, crushing the center piece and sending utensils flying. The table itself was unharmed, due to my enchantment, but Meiling herself was not as sound. Her center of mass pulled her off the table and she slithered to the floor. There she lay like a broken toy, perhaps a doll whose clothes had been by a perverted child seeking to learn the anatomy underneath.

Remilia looked back at me. “The card! Now!”

I opened my spellcard book to the last page, held it open to my mistress. She yanked a piece of paper out and held it between her middle and forefingers. She turned and dashed towards the source of the rainbow light.

Where Meiling had been a moment ago, there stood Flandre Scarlet. Her wings of iron bars and prism shards overpowered the room’s sparklamps. In one hand she held a long and curved rod of dark steel, tipped with spade-shaped spikes on either end. The artifact Lavatein. She wielded it like a baton, twirling it through her fingers. Her eyes burned bright red.

“Enough stupid games!” she yelled. “I’m hungry! Why are you people keeping me from the food?”

Flandre’s entrance had an effect on the room like a drop of soap to particles floating on the surface tension of water. The fairies rushed away from her. Koakuma ducked under the nearest chair, what little cover it gave her, and cowered there as if she expected the mansion to collapse around her. The only one running towards Flandre was the mistress. She held the spellcard up, yelled its incantation.

“Gravity sign: Atlas Girth!”

Her casting was meticulously timed. After she began shouting the card’s name, but before she had finished, she had leaped onto a table and jumped off. She was airborne for one second, and on a collision course with her younger sister. Flandre held up Lavatein as if to bat Remilia away, but her stance was shaken. The spellcard fired.

Many magic spells emit light. Some do so in complicated ways, mixing colors in strobing patterns that dazzle the eye. This is to the purpose of visually declaring the use of magic to bystanders, or for the sake of boasting. The latter more often than the former. But in the case of Atlas Girth, the spell emits no light. It absorbs.

One instant, Remilia was in air and ready to tackle Flandre with her full weight. The next, my mistress was gone, and a detached black splotch was all that could be seen where she had been. I imagine the astronomical concept of a black hole would look like this, a solid oil slick that bent light around its edges. The apparition hit Flandre, and with much more than Remilia’s full weight.

The black hole dragged Flandre to the floor, behind the table and out of my sight. I could still see the effects of the spell, the wall and doorway beyond appearing warped as if made of jelly and pulled downwards.

Sakuya was suddenly at my side. Her instantaneous movements had long since lost their ability to startle me. She looked exhausted, now out of the dimness of the kitchen. Her hair was uncombed and dark circles were under her eyes.

“Are they at it again?” she said.

“Yes,” I said. “They seem to have established a ritual process.”

“All the same.” Sakuya folded her arms around herself. “I wish they wouldn’t fight so much.”

“Fight is not the correct verb to describe this activity. I would use defy, dominate, and submit.”

“One of these days, I’m going understand what you’re talking about.”

I nodded to the far side of the room. “It is always easier to show than to tell. Let us see for ourselves.”




Sakuya and I crossed the dining room. She stopped along the way to pick up fallen dishes and replace decorations. I surveyed the floor just before the doorway, where Meiling lay with an unnaturally deep concave bend to her lower back. A few feet away, Remilia had Flandre pinned. The black hole effect was gone, but the spell was still in force.

“You must learn to control your temper!” said Remilia, arms and legs trembling. She had both hands clamped on Flandre’s arms, and her knees squeezed Flandre’s thighs to the floor. Lavatein was still in Flandre’s right hand, her knuckles white in her grip. But the staff was harmless if she couldn’t lift it.

Ordinarily, this would be insufficient to keep either of the Scarlet sisters from moving. Both are far stronger than their size and appearance would suggest, but the strength is unnatural. They have no weight to match. Either one weighs only as much as a young human girl. One simply sitting on the other would be futile, since the bottom sister could leverage against the floor and knock away the top sister. The spellcard, of course, gave Remilia the advantage here. Atlas Girth increases the caster’s weight tenfold. She now weighed somewhere in the realm of eight hundred pounds.

The spell was a double-edged sword, however. The added weight was enough to overwhelm Flandre’s strength, when applied in a wrestling pin. But it burdened Remilia every bit as heavily. Her frame shook under the effort of holding herself up. Both sisters were immobile until the spell was released.

“Get off me, Remi!” said Flandre. “China kept distracting me all day because she wants me to starve or something!”

“That’s no excuse to go dislocating vertebrae,” said Remilia. “Look around. You might realize why she was distracting you.”

“All I can see is your big Remi face!” Flandre spat up at her sister. Remilia moved her head to the side, and gave Flandre a view of the banner hanging off the ceiling.

“Hey!” said Flandre. “Why’s my name on that thing?”

“Because,” said Remilia, “we’re celebrating your birthday today.”

Flandre’s eyes grew wide. “Wow! Really? For me?”

“It’s unlikely that we’d celebrate your birthday for anyone else,” said Remilia. “That is, so long as you behave.”

“Sure!” said Flandre. “So, what’s a birthday?”

Silence. I had to bite my lips between my front teeth. Two tables away, Sakuya put a palm to her face.

“It’s a time where the whole family gets together and eats a lot,” said Remilia.

“Oh,” said Flandre. “How’s that different from normal?”

“You get presents,” said Remilia.

“Ah! I see now!” Flandre wiggled under her sister. “Please let me up. I promise to be good.”




Hong Meiling is what human women wish they could be. She possesses immense physical strength, is stunningly beautiful despite giving no attention to her appearance, can make any clothing look like the garments that disappear in adult fiction, and has supernatural healing abilities. Only she can suffer a broken back and attend the dinner table fifteen minutes later. While it is true that any youkai can take physical punishment beyond what kills a human, Hong enjoys exceptional hardiness. Then again, the trait is necessary for her occupation.

Meiling left the dining room to trade for an undamaged dress. While she was gone, the mistress had Flandre sat and readied for the meal. I spent this time coaxing Koakuma out from under a chair.

“Is she gone?” Koa whispered up at me, as if her hiding place were unknown to anyone in the room.

“No,” I said. “But the threat is. Flandre is occupied glowing at the occasion in her honor.”

For those who do not know the Scarlets personally, it requires noting that I used the word glowing literally. The spectral shards of her wings light with emotion, and they now burned cheerfully.

“Not Flandre!” said Koakuma. “I meant China. Is she gone?”

My eyebrows lowered. “Yes, but China was not—”

“She’s the one I’m scared of!” said Koa. “Flandre’s not so scary. All she does is destroy everything and kill you. No big deal. But China, she beats you up. She makes it hurt.”

I had no response ready. For a moment, I pitied Koa. She suffered post-traumatic stress. I had experienced the same, once before, and not as severely as hers. I only had been hit twice by a miko’s gohei, and I remembered the pain for months afterwards. I could only imagine what Koa experienced.

“You are in no danger,” I said. “China does not see you as an intruder. Even if she did, she could not harm you. You are my subordinate, and therefore under my protection.”

Koakuma looked up at me with big youkai eyes. I held my free hand down to her, and she slowly reached up to grasp it. I held her hand firmly, as she did mine, and I pulled her up from the chair. Our height difference disallowed me from pulling her to her feet, but she stood on her own. Hand in hand, I walked her to the table where Remilia and Flandre had seated. Koakuma and I took seats of our own, her beside me.

This left me in awe. For no reason I readily understood, Koakuma trusted me. I wished I knew the motivation behind that trust, and whether it was valid.

Sakuya had finished tidying the mess from Flandre’s tantrum, and she took the other chair beside her mistress. Meiling joined us shortly after, taking the only remaining free seat at this table. She now wore a hybrid between a cocktail dress and nightgown, free of rips and superfluously exposed body parts. The six of us made one table, and the fairies slowly filled the others. Only a few remained up, those who would bring dinner from the kitchen and serve it. They would join the meal once each table was laden.

Remilia put her hands together. She smiled, looking around the room.

“I believe we’re ready,” she said. “Let the party begin.”




As fond as my mistress is of dramatic statements, I did not count the party begun until a full plate of food was before me. Then I saw the fruition of Sakuya’s labors. Her use of the few basic elements of food portrayed levels of creativity and application usually found in better engineers and poets. I do not know how many dishes served at this meal used rice, or bread, or meat cut from the same animal. Such is a testament to Sakuya’s culinary skill.

Here I omit further description of the meal and any concurrent conversation. I have minimum standards on what I believe my readers will consider entertaining or enlightening. Dinnertime chat and the noises of consumption do not meet that standard.

I finished eating before the others at our table. I absently used a spoon to shape iced cream mixed with fruit, the remainder of which I had no appetite for. I have always been the lightest eater of the Scarlet Mansion. Meiling eats most heavily, no doubt to replenish the nutrients lost in her physically demanding line of work. The mistress and her sister burn fats and proteins during their frequent power struggles, and they both clear through hearty portions at their meals. Sakuya’s appetite was next largest after theirs. She who had lived the fewest years of any on the mistress’s senior staff was young even by human standards. Sakuya was still growing. She was already taller than the average Gensokyo woman, but her build suggested she yet had more height to gain. In addition, her secondary sexual characteristics would mature for the next several years as her body optimized itself for the process of childbearing.

I shared none of these occupational, recreational, or hereditary taxes on my metabolism. My intake was sparse in comparison. Koakuma ate nearly as little, though I am not certain if for a lack of appetite or to avoid the appearance of partaking more than I.

Such were the thoughts that occupied me as I waited for the senior staff to satiate themselves. Eventually, Sakuya had her fill, followed by Meiling and the Scarlet sisters. Remilia ordered a group of fairies to clear the dishes, and held up both hands to call the table to order.

“It’s time for gift giving,” she said. “Each of us will offer our presents to Flandre, in order of seniority.” Remilia looked aside, to her sister. “I want you to show gratitude for each gift you get tonight. They have a lot of meaning for us, and so they should for you.”

Flandre bounced up and down in her chair, the crystals of her wings rattling. She brought up Lavatein and held it in both hands. It had been near her for the entire meal.

“Presents!” she said. She grinned liked a human child, showing her sharp front teeth.

“Yes,” said Remilia. “Presents. I’ll begin.” She turned her head to dining room entrance. “Fairies! Bring in the box!”

After a pause, the doors opened to a pair of fairies. They flew over tables as they approached us, carrying between them a wooden chest. They set the chest down before Remilia.

“Thank you,” she told the fairies. “Return to your meals, if you’re not yet done.”

The youkai maids bowed to her before flying off. Remilia laid both hands on the chest, but did not unlatch it.

“Now I don’t want this to seem flashier than it is,” she said, looking around the table to each of us. “I’ve worked on this for a while, but I decided to give it to Flandre only a few hours ago. I warn you all, this isn’t what it first appears to be.”

“And you criticize me of unnecessary preface,” I said. “Please show the gift, Mistress, and let it stand for itself.”

Remilia nodded. She took a deep breath, let it out. She flipped open the latch and lifted back the chest’s lid. She reached in with both hands and lifted, as if hefting up a heavy thing. She brought it from the box and held it up for all to see.

Our reactions were varied. Sakuya stared agape and put a hand over her mouth. Meiling stood abruptly, knocking her chair back and leaning forward to get a closer look. Both Koakuma and I gave wide-eyed gazes.

“Oh wow!” said Flandre, bouncing now as if her chair cushion was a huge spring.

“That cannot be,” I said.

“How pretty,” said Koa.

Remilia held up a crystalline orb, roughly one foot in diameter. Its surface was not smooth, but instead covered with numerous faces like an exquisitely carved diamond. Light refracted through its facets. It distorted and scattered color in seemingly random patterns.

“You could not have found a so large gemstone of such quality,” I said. “They do not exist in Gensokyo, or anywhere, as well as we know.”

“You’re right.” Remilia set the orb on the table, but kept a hold on it. “This isn’t a gemstone. It’s glass. I’ve spent a lot of time making it look like a gem, and I even managed to harden it with some conditioned spells. But a diamond will still cut it. It’s more for appearance than anything. Especially for this.” She turned to Flandre, offered the orb to her. “Here you go, birthday girl.”

Flandre could not have cared less whether the ball were a true gem. She took it in both hands and stuck her nose up against it. She laughed at how the table spread looked through the glass.

“I love it!” she said. She turned from her gift and threw herself at Remilia, wrapping her arms around her sister’s neck in a hug. One wing swung over the table, just barely missing a full mug of drink. “Thank you, Remi!”

“You’re welcome,” said Remilia, patting her back. “But hold still for a second, so the others can see why I gave it to you.”

We saw. With Flandre’s wing now closer to the orb, the rainbow light from her crystal shards blended within the glass. They ceased to be seven different colors, and became solid white. The light overpowered the dining room’s sparklamps. The table and we sitting at it were bathed in the soft glow.

“Fascinating!” I said. “A human scientist once documented this effect. Run light through a prism, and it breaks into its seven base colors. Run those colors through another prism, and they reconstruct. Though if I recall correctly, the angles here should not result in—”

“That scientist wasn’t dealing with vampire wings, was he?” said Remilia. She still had her arms around Flandre, holding her in place. Her sister made no objection.

“I suppose not,” I said.

“Besides,” said Sakuya. “It’s much prettier to see it in person than read about it in a book.”

I offered no response to that.

“A fine gift,” I said. “Shall we move on to the next?”

“So we shall,” said Remilia. She let Flandre go, and helped her put the orb back into its chest. Flandre carefully set it on the floor beside her, then returned to her seat. She soon began rocking her weight back and forth in the chair, getting dangerously close to toppling herself.

“What next?” she said. “Who wants to give me something?”

“It’s Patchouli’s turn,” said Remilia.

Everyone around the table looked to me. I only nodded.

“If it pleases you, Mistress, I respectfully request to withhold my gift until all others have been offered.”

Meiling leaned back in her chair, arms folded under her breasts. She snorted. “You just want to show off.”

I looked to her. “Action cannot be classified as showing off if unadulterated qualities earn the merits of attention and public visibility while absolutely bereft of extraneous attempts to artificially induce those merits.”

Meiling’s mouth hung open. She tired to speak, but was too busy decoding my sentence.

“Patchouli!” said Remilia. “Stop confusing China with big words. Why do you want to show your gift last?”

“The value of the gift would be lessened if offered during the party’s duration, rather than at its conclusion,” I said.

“What are you people talking about?” said Flandre, impatient. “Is someone going to give me something or what?”

“My turn, then.” Sakuya stood, bowed to the table. “I had no time to prepare a proper gift. But when I do offer a part of myself to someone I care about, I want it to be just that. A part of me. Something that no one else could give you. So, as meager as they are, please take these.”

She reached into her apron. The movement alarmed me at first, until I remembered that she kept her throwing knives in another pocket. She pulled out several slips of paper, smaller than typical spellcards. She handed them to Remilia, who gave them to her sister after looking at them.

Flandre took the cards, thumbing through each of them. They were each written over with the same text enclosed in a small border.

“Sakuya meal ticket?” said Flandre. She looked up her. “What’re these?”

“You can redeem each for one breakfast, lunch or dinner prepared by me,” said Sakuya. “You can order whatever you want, and I’ll cook it. No matter how long it takes to prepare. No matter how hard it is to find the ingredients.”

This was an open-ended gift. It seemed a move of desperation from Sakuya. She disliked having her work schedule interrupted. Spending an entire day to prepare whatever ridiculous dish Flandre had in mind would be a severe annoyance to our head maid. For that reason, the offer impressed me.

Flandre smiled and raised one eyebrow in a sinister expression. On a little girl’s face, it was laughable, but it certainly indicated her blood relation to Remilia.

“You’ll make me....” Flandre let a dramatic pause hang. “Anything?”

“Yes,” said Sakuya. She swallowed, her hands bunched tight over her apron. “Anything.”

I tilted my head at the maid, wondering why she was nervous. Then a thought came to me, and I looked elsewhere. This was not only a gift made in desperation for lack of time. It was a test. Sakuya hoped there was a dish Flandre would not ask for.

The dish she had prepared many, many times before last summer.

Flandre laughed under her breath, like a criminal mastermind whose enemies had just played in to her nefarious plan.

“Then you’ll be making a lot of those grilled cheese rice things,” said Flandre.

Sakuya visibly eased. I let out a breath I had not noticed I was holding. Remilia closed her eyes and shook her head. Meiling and Koakuma were oblivious.

“That’s a good present, Sakuya,” said Remilia. “Cooking is one of your strong points, a great way to put yourself into the gift.” She looked to the other end of the table, eager to change the subject. “Your turn, China.”

“Er-hem!” Meiling stood again, and again knocked her chair back. “Unlike the poor turnout we’ve had so far, I have a worthy gift for Flandre. An amazing gift. A magical gift.”

That earned questioning looks from everyone at the table. Meiling knew nothing about magic. Anything she thought to be magical would likely be terrible and deserving of derision.

“Behold!” Meiling had a hand in her gown’s pocket, pulled out a strange object. It was a small metal disc, about two inches wide and a half inch deep. It was mostly brass-colored, with a band of darker metal around the circular face. She held this thing up with an outstretched arm, as if to cast light over the table. Squinting, I could see red printed letters on the brassy surface of it, but they were too small for me to read.

“And what is that supposed to be?” said Remilia.

“It looks like junk!” said Flandre.

“Ho-ho-ho!” Meiling laughed. “So say the ignorant. But watch this mighty item’s mystical enchantments at work!”

She lowered the item to table. She held it just above a fork resting on the tablecloth, a piece of flatware the fairies had neglected to take. The fork moved slightly. Then suddenly, the fork jumped off the tablecloth and stuck to the metal disc as if glued to it.

Meiling laughed again, held up the disc and the fork clinging to it. She turned her hand around in a slow arc, giving all a view.

“Amazing!” said Koakuma. “How did it do that?”

“I haven’t seen that kind of magic before,” said Sakuya.

“I don’t think it’s magical,” said Remilia. “Patchouli?”

I held a hand out to Meiling. “May I see?”

“If you wish.” Meiling handed the disc to me. “But don’t you dare try to unravel the secrets of this spell. It may be too much for even you.”

“Oh dear. How could I ever take such a risk?” The disc was cold and heavy in my hands. I pulled the fork off it, and held them only an inch apart. They tugged together by an unseen force, as if naturally attracted to one another. Which, of course, they were. I released the fork. It did not fall, but snapped back to the disc.

“This is magnetic, not magical,” I said. “Ore with this same property naturally occurs in some parts of Gensokyo’s mountain range, but it is very rare. It attracts iron, nickel and cobalt. Our utensils are made of steel, which is refined of iron.”

I separated the fork from the magnet disc again, setting the fork on the table. I looked over the orange-yellow surface of the disc, trying to read the red letters printed on it. The writing was blocky and uniform, too regular to have been rendered by hand. The characters were faded. Many were too distorted to read. The letters I could discern made no pattern I understood. It seemed a random alphanumeric mix.

“This magnetic piece metal is very well refined. It is not directly from an ore deposit.” I looked up at Meiling. “Where did you get this?”

“Um,” she said. “I found it.”

“Found it where?” I said.

“Outside.”

“Where outside?”

“On the ground.”

“What ground?”

Meiling snorted again. She held both arms out, pointing in opposite directions.

“Out there, stupid!” she said. “What other ground is there?”

My fingers gripped around the magnet disc, and I found myself tempted to throw it at her. I resisted the urge. Instead, I rejoined the disc and the fork, then stretched across the table and handed them to Flandre.

“Here you go, Little Mistress,” I said. “Happy birthday.”

Flandre took it from me, held it against her chest. “Thank you, Patchey!”

Meiling stared at Flandre for a moment, watching her pull the fork and disc apart, and giggle as they snapped back together. It dawned on her.

“Hey!” said Meiling. “Don’t thank her! It’s my gift.”

“Then why did you give it to Flandre?” I said.

“Because it’s her birthday,” said Meiling. She had both hands on the table, leaning towards me. Explaining an obvious fact to a lesser intellect.

“So it is her gift,” I said.

“Yes!”

“Then why are you still standing?”

Meiling opened her mouth, but had no retort.

“I...,” she said. “I don’t know.”

“Then sit.”

Meiling was confused, looked as if mentally balancing a trigonometrical equation. She sunk back into her seat, hands folded in her lap.

I glanced around the table. “Idiocy checked for the moment, shall we move on?”

“Please,” said Remilia “Koakuma, it’s your turn.”

The youkai girl sitting beside me had been quiet for most of our meal and gift-giving. Now that the table’s attention turned to her, she slid back an inch in her seat.

“Um,” she said. “It’s not all that special.”

“We didn’t ask after your self-assessed quality of the gift,” said Remilia. “Only that you give it.”

“Yes, Mistress.” Koa took a deep breath. “Here goes.”

She stood, her chair scooting back. She was still, regarding Flandre across the table. I was surprised. I had not yet seen Koa show any degree of sternness, as she did now. If we were not at a dinner party, one might look upon her and see a woman facing danger with resolute courage.

“What?” said Flandre, in reaction to Koa staring at her. She ran a hand over her mouth. “Something on my face?”

Koa said nothing. She took another deep breath, let it out, and walked around the table to Flandre. She took the long way around, I noticed, to avoid passing by Meiling. Koa knelt down beside Flandre’s chair, looked up at her in the pose reminiscent of a young man proposing marriage to his loved one.

Flandre had turned sideways in her seat, to face Koa. “What’re you doing? You gonna give me something?”

“Not some thing,” said Koa. “That was my whole problem when I heard about this birthday. Your sister has been so generous, giving me a warm place to sleep and food to eat. And lady Patchouli gives me work to do and teaches me new things. But as great as that all is, I don’t have anything to give back. I can’t cook like Sakuya. I’m not strong like Meiling, and I can’t do magic like Remilia or Patchouli. So for your birthday, I want to give you the only thing I can.” She took Flandre’s hands in her own. “I’ll give you me.”

Each of us reacted differently upon hearing this. Flandre was bewildered. I put my hands on the table and stood, and I meant to have Koa clarify the meaning of her gift. Sakuya again put a hand over her mouth, mannerism becoming habitual for her. Remilia smiled, as if she understood. Meiling was bored, leaned back in her chair and picked something out of her ear.

“You’re giving me you?” said Flandre. “But I already have a Koa. It’s you.”

“Yes,” said Koa, “but what I mean is, I’ll give you me. If you need someone to talk to, or play with, or to help you figure out something, then I want you to come see me. I’ll be there for you. I’ll be what every girl needs. Your friend.”

Some moments require expletives stronger than what the current language provides. This was such a moment, when I fought every impulse to roll my eyes and look away in disgust. A baser, yet equally fitting, response would have been to vomit down the front of my dress. I was unaware that my assistant had a sentimental personality, hidden in my presence. Sentimental was perhaps too weak a word. Better was melodramatic, or even the slang sappy.

Flandre was less cynical. Her brow bunched up, and her lips quivered. Her eyes welled and fast tears ran down her cheeks. She slid off the chair and wrapped her slim arms around Koakuma in a hug. One of Flandre’s wings clipped the tabletop, but this went unnoticed.

“That’s an excellent gift, Koa,” said Remilia. “Best one of the evening.”

“It’s very sweet of you,” said Sakuya.

I said nothing, in respect to the old idiom of remaining silent in lieu of having anything positive to say. I only bowed to the table.

“Why don’t you two get married or something?” said Meiling. “Then Flandre will have someone else to thrash.”

We ignored her. Flandre and Koa held each other for a moment longer. Then Koa pulled back and dried Flandre’s tears.

“Friends?” Koa said.

Flandre nodded. “Friends!”

“No disrespect intended to this..,” my dinner threatened to jump up my throat, but I swallowed it down, “...emotional moment, but I request the opportunity to present Flandre the gift I have readied for her.”

“And about time,” said Remilia. “Koa, return to your seat. It’s Patchouli’s turn.”

Koakuma nodded. She stood and came back to my side, but not before lifting Flandre’s yellow bangs and pressing a light kiss to her forehead. My jaw clenched and my belly grew tight. I feared much time would pass before I could again enjoy the foods I had eaten tonight, much as a favorite dish looses its flavor when retched up due to gastrointestinal infection.

The table settled, Koa taking her seat beside me. I remained standing.

“A fine celebration this has been,” I said. “A meal surpassing all praise prepared by our esteemed head maid and her staff. Gifts to Flandre, gifts not only wondrous and useful, but also bearing strong personal form that represents the intentions, thoughts and feelings of the giver. I have no intention or hope that my gift, last of this fine series, will supersede or overshadow any given before it. But I do hope, at least, to meet precedent and give a gift that offers the best of myself.”

“I already know what you’re giving me, Patchey,” said Flandre. “It’s a book, isn’t it?”

I smiled. “What makes you think so?”

“’Cause that’s all you do, is books,” said Flandre. “You read books and talk about books and mess around with books in your library all day.”

“True,” I said. “Though a bibliophile I am, I, first, admit that books have no worth simply by the mere virtue of being books. It is their content that I desire, seek and consume. There lies the power to enlighten the mind and move the heart.”

“The book you’re gonna give me better be a Patchey dictionary,” said Flandre. “Then maybe I’ll understand you half the time.”

Remilia looked elsewhere, trying not to laugh. Sakuya looked down, hiding her smile by taking interest in straightening her apron.

“I have that very goal in mind, Little Mistress. My gift is designed that you may understand.” I held both hands up to the ceiling. I needed to time this exactly to gain the proper effect. I raised my voice nearly to a shout. “This is my gift! I, Patchouli Knowledge, offer you, Flandre Scarlet, that of which I hold most dear! The gift of mystery!”

The sparklamps around us all failed at once, pitching the dining room into utter darkness. 
It is unconventional for the first-person of a narrative to spontaneously portray events from another’s perspective. Yet as this circumstance is unconventional to narrate, to enact and to experience, I must temporarily change through whose eyes the reader sees. If I were to continue documenting solely my own point of view, I would render my gift to Flandre abstract and devoid of meaning. The gift was intended for her, and to her only does the gift show its worth.

Understand, then, Flandre’s reaction at the dining room suddenly disappearing, leaving her in blackness. She still felt the chair beneath her, and could see herself only by the light of her wings. Nothing else was to be seen, but for a featureless void around her.

She looked around, her heart beating hard in surprise.

“What the!” she said. “What happened?”

No answer came. Her voice seemed to end at her own head, as if limitless space stretched away in all directions.

“Remi?” She reached out to where her sister had been sitting beside her. Her hand touched nothing. She felt forward for the table, but it was nowhere to be found.

“Patchey?” she said. “Sakuya? China? Koa? Hello! Where’d everyone go?”

She stayed on her chair, clamped her hands down on the seat in case it too would vanish, leaving her to fall into the void.

“Hello!” she yelled. “Where is everyone?” Worry crept into her, the fear of a child separated from her parents and left alone.

Then, either the light of her wings grew or the void around her receded. The dining room gradually reappeared from a dark haze, reminding Flandre how her sight returned after she pressed her palms into her eyes. But the room was not as it had been a moment ago. No sparklamps lit the place. No mass of fairies lined the tables, eating and celebrating her birthday. Her own family, her sister and her senior servants, were all gone. The table she had been sitting at was now several feet away, and bare of decoration. The whole room looked as it did during the late hours of the night, or early hours of the morning. Empty and silent, since everyone was supposed to be asleep.

Awareness of these surroundings was an afterthought to Flandre. She first noticed the dead body draped face-down over the table.

Flandre slid off the chair and stepped up to the body. Her eyes were wide, her cheeks bright red. Never in her memory had she seen a corpse, but the sight of one did not frighten her as she thought it should. She was surprised, and that only for whose the dead body used to be.

She put both hands on the head, gently rotating it to take its face off the tabletop. Flandre gasped at the dead eyes looking back at her. Eyes that, once vibrant and bright purple, were now rheumy and gray. The face, once discerning and intelligent, now slack and pale and drained.

“Patchey!” she said. She shook the head, as if to bring life back to it. “Patchey! Wake up!”

The corpse did not wake. Its flesh was cool under her hands. She might have kept rattling it, trying to reanimate her librarian and tutor. But something caught her notice, convincing her that Patchouli Knowledge was dead.

Looking up, she saw the murder weapon. The staff Lavatein stood out of the corpse’s back like a crooked flagpole. youkai blood stained the nightgown around the wound, and welled up into a stream that leaked down the corpse’s side and pooled on the table.

“My staff!” said Flandre. She set the corpse’s head down on the tabletop. She bent her knees and sprung up onto the table. The move would have been impossible for a human girl of her height, but was no great display of athletics for a vampire. She stood by the corpse, nudged it with her foot. She was careful to keep from stepping in the blood.

“I’m sorry Patchey,” she said. “But I need my staff.”

Flandre wrapped one hand around Lavatein. She wiggled it back and forth, feeling how deeply its end was buried. She winced.

“Better make it quick,” she said. She took the staff in both hands and pulled upwards. The corpse’s dense bones and tissue were no match for her, but she needed much of strength to yank the staff free. Its spade-shaped tip tore out of the corpse’s back, taking flesh and bone and blood with it. Flandre yelped at the mess she made, looking away to keep from getting any on her face.

“I’m sorry, Patchey!” Her voice bounced around the empty dining room. She looked back down to the corpse. She held her Lavatein in both hands, as if to make an oath.

“I’ll find who killed you,” she said. “I’ll revenge you.”

With that, she closed her eyes and lowered her head to the body. She paid a moment of silent respect. Then she turned and hopped off the table, sounding a soft thump sound as her feet hit the floor. She left the dining room and headed into the dark hallways of the mansion.

“Gonna find a killer,” she said.




Leaving the dining room, Flandre encountered her first obstacle in solving the mystery of Patchouli's murder. She did not know how to track a killer. Like any child who needs help solving a difficult problem, she went looking for help. She sought her sister.

Remilia had disappeared in the dining room along with everyone else, so Flandre had no sure idea of where to find her. She first thought to check the places where Remilia spent most of her time. The observatory. The music room. Her study up on the top floor. But there was no time. The killer was still on the loose, and likely still on the manor grounds.

Flandre stopped in the hallway. She leaned Lavatein against her shoulder and cupped both hands around her mouth. She pulled in a deep breath and shouted.

“Hey!” Her voice raked up and down the halls. “Remi! Remilia Big Sister Scarlet!”

No answer. She took in another breath.

“Someone killed Patchey!” she yelled. “She’s, like, all dead on the table and she’s getting blood everywhere and it’s really gross!”

Still nothing. Her voice echoed away to silence. Flandre planted her fists on her hips, a gesture she had learned from her sister.

“Hmph!” she said. “Never any help when you need it.”

A distant noise startled her, the sound of metal clashing against something. She jumped, turned towards the sound with Lavatein in both hands.

“What was that?” she said.

All was silent again. She strained her ears, listening for anything against the soundless backdrop. Nothing.

“Sounded like it came from the kitchen,” she said, and she began walking that way. It was largely a return trip, back past the hallway she had just been through. Rather than taking the shortcut through the dining room, and seeing dead Patchouli again, she took the long way around to the kitchen’s main entrance. Another girl in her place might have been too frightened to wander around the mansion, alone and in the dark. But Flandre carried her own source of light, and she would be far more dangerous than anything she met.

She heard the sound again, this time louder and closer. She startled again, the noise cutting into her ears versus the silence. It definitely was from the kitchen, the sound of a iron pan falling on stone floor.

“Someone’s there!” she said, and she sprinted the rest of the way. She was at the kitchen door in little time. She batted the door open with Lavatein and rushed inside. Her wings cast colored light all around the kitchen, throwing strange shadows over the room’s dark corners.

Flandre gasped. She slapped both hands over her mouth, dropping Lavatein to the floor with another metallic clang.

“Sakuya!” she said.

In the middle of the room was the head maid. She lay face down in a growing puddle of red human blood, her arms spread out as if embracing the floor. The blood soaked into her clothes and into her silver hair, turning it pink. Empty pans and bowls littered the floor around her. The smell was overpowering, sick and sweet and rotten. Flandre’s dinner roiled in her stomach.

“Not you too.” Flandre stepped up to the body, again careful not to step in blood. A ragged hole had been torn out of Sakuya’s back. Exactly like the wound that had killed Patchouli.

“Who did this?” said Flandre. Then something caught her eye. Beside the body, red smears across the floor formed rough letters. They were surrounded with red speckles and splotches. Sakuya had used her own blood to scratch out a final message.

There were only four letters. W, H, Y, and F. More blood was smeared after that, but it was too messy to read.

“Whyf?” said Flandre. She shook her head. “Dumb Sakuya. I knew you were bad at spelling, but even I know that’s not how you spell wife. There’s no H.”

She carefully stepped back across the kitchen, picked up Lavatein.

“You wanted to get married some day, huh?” she said. “Didn’t think you’d ever want to, but I guess you’re still a human girl.”

She looked back at the body, and her face grew sad.

“Or, you were,” she said. “I’m sorry, Sakuya. Just like Patchey, I’ll find who killed you.”




She left the kitchen, wondering what to do. The killer must have been nearby, she knew. Sakuya had been attacked only a short while ago. The noises must have been her knocking over dishes in an effort to pull herself up, struggling against a mortal wound. That was just like her. Fighting to the last breath.

“I’ve gotta find who did this,” said Flandre, walking down the hallway. She did not know where next to go, but even wandering around aimlessly was better than standing still. Thinking was most important. She had to figure out where the killer had gone, and where he might next strike.

As it happened, Flandre’s thoughts were not necessary or consequential. As she marched down the hallway, the light of her wings revealed a bloody streak on one wall, as if someone had dipped his hand in paint and stamped his palm on the plaster.

“More blood!” she said. She stepped up close to the wall. The mark had neither the distinctive color nor foul smell of human blood. But saying this had been left by an injured youkai hardly narrowed the possible list of victims, when within the Scarlet Mansion. The blood was fresh. The print had just been left.

“Hey!” Flandre shouted. “Is anyone here?”

No reply came, but she heard a soft moaning down the hallway. Flandre’s breath quickened. She dashed towards the sound.

“Don’t move!” she said. “If you’re hurt by the killer, I’ll help you! If you’re killing my helpers, I’ll hurt you!”

She almost ran past what she had been running towards. She stopped and hopped back, struggling to keep her balance. She stabbed Lavatein into the carpet to stay upright.

“China!” she said.

There sat Hong Meiling, back up against the wall. A hole was punctured in her chest, the same kind of wound found in Patchouli and Sakuya. One arm was wrapped around her gut, the other propped against the floor so she sat upright. Blood had gushed out the wound and pooled in the dress on her lap. It darkened the carpet around her, and it covered the wall behind her.

Seeing Meiling like this, Flandre pictured how she had come here. Meiling had been attacked further down the hall, but walked as far as she could. She had steadied herself against the wall at least once, leaving a bloody hand print. Here her strength left her, and she leaned against the wall, and slid down to where she now sat.

More amazing, she was still breathing.

“China!” Flandre said again. She knelt down beside Meiling, put a hand to her face. “China! Come on. This isn’t enough to kill you. I’ve hurt you worse than this before.”

Meiling’s eyes, normally bright and blue, were now dull and out of focus. She seemed not to see Flandre before her.

“Mistress...,” she said, her voice barely more than a breath. “Run... get out, the mansion....”

“I’m not Remi,” said Flandre. “But did you see my sister? Where is she?”

Meiling tried to inhale, but choked on herself. Her eyes met Flandre’s. She tried to back away, but had nowhere to go.

“It’s me!” said Flandre. “Don’t be scared. I’m trying to find who killed everyone. Where’d my sister go?”

“The main... doors,” said Meiling. “Just don’t... hurt....”

She looked like she meant to say more, but could not. Her head lolled onto her shoulder. Her chest released a final breath. The light in her eyes went out, and she died.

“China!” Flandre yelled into her face. She grabbed Meiling’s body by the shoulders and shook her. “Wake up, China girl!”

She did not wake, and Flandre may as well have been beating life into a mannequin. She let go of the body, slowly stood. Her face felt tight, and her eyes burned. This was too much. Everyone was dying. Each time she came closer, but always too late. Maybe she would be in time for the next one, if she hurried.

Her head snapped up, and she looked down the hall.

“Remi!” she said. Taking Lavatein in hand, she sped off down the hallway.





Flandre understood Meiling’s final words to mean Remilia was trying to escape the mansion. The nearest exit was the main doors that lead out to the courtyard. There Flandre now ran, as fast as her legs would take her. She whipped down the through the hallways. Had anyone been around to notice her passing, it would have been as only a gust of wind following a rainbow-colored shooting star.

“Remi!” she called down the halls. “Wait for me! We can fight the bad guy together!”

That was her last hope. If a killer could defeat Patchouli, Sakuya and Meiling all within a few minutes, then Flandre knew she could only stand against him if by her sister’s side. Together, surely, the two of them could face any threat. Even the threat that had destroyed the rest of the mansion’s staff.

Omitting the obvious, that Flandre wanted to see her sister alive. To see that anyone had survived the slaughter.

She came to the front foyer, a wide and tall room just before the mansion’s main doors. A flight of stairs led down to the tiled reception floor. Flandre did nothing so childish as climbing onto a banister and sliding down it. Instead she leaped off the higher level and glided down. The stairs blurred by, three feet below her. She landed on the hard, cold floor with her knees bent, the jewels of her wings clattering together like misshapen wind chimes.

“Remi!” she yelled. The room was empty and dark, but for the small circle of light her wings cast around her.

“Flandre,” came the reply, and it was her sister’s voice.

Flandre’s heart jumped in her chest. She looked around the room, unsure from where the answer had come.

“You’re here!” she said. “I can’t see in anything. Where are you? Are you okay?”

“I’m right in front of you,” said Remilia.

Flandre squinted into the darkness. When she looked hard enough, she saw two dull points of red light some distance before her. Her sister’s eyes. She stood perhaps five yards away, more than half the distance to the doors. Flandre began closing that space, meaning to batter her sister with a relieved hug. A shout held her.

“Stay back!” Remilia yelled. “Not one step closer!”

Flandre’s feet pattered to a halt. “Why? What’s wrong?”

Closer now, she saw better the light of her sister’s eyes. They weren’t bright and bloody scarlet, as they normally would be in this darkness. Her eyes were dim, fading in and out like cooling embers.

“What’s wrong?” said Remilia. “Flandre, I need to explain something to you, and I need you to listen. Try your hardest to understand what I’m about to say, all right?”

Her voice was not well. She spoke with labored breath, as if some weight kept her from taking in a full chest of air.

“Okay, Remi,” said Flandre. “Go ahead. I’ll listen.”

“Good,” said Remilia. She took as deep a breath as she could. “A night like tonight, in a house like this mansion, full of people as it was, is known in a certain considerations as a closed instance. This means everyone here is accounted for, and there is nobody who leaves or arrives. It means when the night ends, there must be the same number of people here as when the night began, with one exception. And that exception is murder.”

“I know!” said Flandre. She pointed back into the mansion. “Patchey and Sakuya and China! They’re all—”

“Listen!” said Remilia. “The most important part of the closed instance is that of liability. If the mansion’s occupants each turn up dead, one after the other, then one of the survivors must be the murderer. And as the cast of characters steadily shrinks, the likelihood of each survivor’s guilt increases, until that likelihood becomes certainty. That point, of course, comes when only one survives. The last man standing is the same who eliminated all others.”

“What’re you talking about, Remi?” said Flandre. “You don’t sound like you. You’re talking like Patchey. Are you saying you know who killed everyone?”

“I do indeed,” said Remilia. “She has been standing in this very room for the last minute.”

Flandre gasped. “No! You couldn’t have—”

“Not I.” She stepped forward, her fading eyes bobbing up and down in the dark. “As always, the culprit’s true identity will surprise you.”

Remilia walked into the circle of light, and Flandre saw how difficult that had been for her sister. She, too, had a hideous bloody hole in her chest, the same wound everyone that had killed everyone else. They had all been murdered from the same weapon.

“Only one left,” said Remilia, one hand clutched over the wound. She pointed at Flandre with her free hand, trembling all over. “The killer is always the last you expect.”

With that, Remilia’s strength ended. She fell to her knees, then her face, and there she died.

Flandre stared down, her mouth hanging open.

“Me?” she said. “I killed everyone?”





The foyer’s sparklamps blazed to life. The room was fully lit. Flandre threw her hands over her eyes, shocked at the sudden brightness.

“You solved the mystery,” I said. “Too late, sadly, but such is often the case in a tale of ‘who done it.’”

Flandre looked up, saw me standing where her sister had died on the floor. I held my spellcard folder to my chest, and it was significantly lighter than it had been an hour ago. Many slips of paper had been recently removed from it.

“Patchey!” said Flandre. She jumped forward and grasped her arms around me. “You’re alive!”

“Of course I am, Little Mistress,” I said, patting her on the back. “You must have realized the whole experience was fiction. If a youkai like myself or China died, there would be no corpse left behind. And if Sakuya were challenged, it suffices to say her opponent’s blood would pool on the floor in at least equal measure to her own.”

Flandre pulled back. “Yeah! Are the others all okay too?”

“They are,” I said. “Cleaning up after dinner, I believe. Your sister took the liberty of placing your gifts in your bedroom, except for that I gave. She gave me permission to lead you through the mansion in the process of discovering your present.”

“Some present!” said Flandre. “I was scared half to death!”

I smiled. “So you were, and I take that as the highest praise. Only the best tales will evoke emotional response in us.”

“So that’s what you meant when you said you were giving me mystery?” she said. “But I never found out who the killer was.”

“You did. Remilia revealed it at the end of the story.”

“I didn’t kill anyone!” Flandre stomped one foot on the tile floor.

“How are you sure? It was unrevealed what actions the main character took before the story’s beginning. The tale started with Flandre Scarlet sitting at a table, upon which reseted the remains of a recently committed murder. There, and throughout the story’s length, were several apparent clues indicating the murderer’s identity. No mystery is complete without clues.”

“What clues?” said Flandre.

I nodded towards the stairs. “Let us rejoin the others, and I will explain.”

Flandre had no objections. I guessed she would be happy to see everyone whole and well, but she did not rush ahead. She kept pace with me. We reached the stairs and climbed them.

“First, and most obvious, was the murder weapon,” I said. “You saw right away that I had been killed with Lavatein, just before you promised to revenge me.” I had to pause a moment to keep from laughing. “And the fatal wound in each other victim matched. The same murder weapon has been used each time. This is part of the concept known as modus operandi, the similarities in the method of serial killings, as the concept is used in this case. Second, Sakuya died while writing out a message.”

“You mean whyf?” said Flandre. “She just doesn’t know how to spell is all.”

“That may be, but murder mysteries will hide clues in plain sight. The bloody smears after the letter F meant that Sakuya had more to say, but she became incoherent due to blood loss. She died with her message incomplete. The letters W H Y F were not the whole message, but only the first part.”

“Then what was the rest of it?”

“I believe you can guess,” I said.

We had entered the mansion’s hallways. They were lit at regular intervals with sparklamps, and fairies occasionally passed us on their duties. Flandre had a hand on her chin, thinking over the riddle. I could not help smiling, watching her apply reason.

“Well,” she said, “She knew she was dying, so she’d try to keep it short.”

“She would,” I said.

“And since it was one of us who killed her, she’d want to know why. Ah!” Flandre tried to snap her fingers, but made no sound. “She was asking, Why, Flandre? Why did you kill me so much?”

“Or indeed, at all?” I said. “The third clue was less obvious. China recoiled when you tried to help her.”

“Oh. I thought that was just because I beat her up all the time.”

“Art imitates life, so they say.”

We approached the dining room, where the fairies were cleaning up after the party. The mistress and her senior staff were working elsewhere, I assumed, except for Koakuma. My assistant helped the fairies take down the decorations, removing ribbons and such from the tables.

“But wait.” Flandre grabbed my sleeve, pulling me to a stop before we entered the dining room. “So that was my whole present? Seeing everyone die and getting the panties scared off me?”

“Not at all,” I said. “That experience was a preview, something to excite the appetite. The true gift is here.”

From a hidden pocket in my dress, I produced a small book. Its papers were aged and the spine bent, but it had many reads left in it. The cover showed the name of the story’s author imposed over a silhouette of a lone man standing on a cliff. He looked over a distance of water to a far island, where the outline of a mansion could be seen. The story’s title was printed below the cover art.

“I knew it!” Flandre took the book, looking it over. “I knew you were gonna give me a book.”

“I hope the gift is more than a bound stack of paper,” I said. “As I said, I offer you the gift of mystery. Please give it a chance, Little Mistress. I will even read it to you, if you do not wish to read it yourself.”

She looked up at me. “Is it good?”

I nodded. “One of my favorites. Think of it as what you experienced tonight, except with characters you do not know quite as intimately.”

“Ooh!” she said. “Other people dying. I like that! When will you read it to me?”

“As often as you wish,” I said.





It so happened that Flandre’s wish was not at the moment. She took the book, and with as much apparent happiness as she had received her other gifts, but then she left me. She headed upstairs to find her sister and her other gifts. I let her go. The night was young, and my main business for the evening was accomplished.

I stepped into the dining room, passing working fairies. Koakuma noticed me as I approached.

“Welcome back, Lady Patchouli,” she said, pulling a cloth off a table and folding it around her arms. “Did your present go all right?”

“Adequate,” I said. “It was incomplete, but Flandre seemed not to notice, so the work can be considered a success. Let us return to the library.”

“Um, okay,” she said. “But Lady Scarlet told me to stay and help the fairies—”

“I am relieving you of that duty,” I said. I turned and headed out of the dining room. “Come.”

Koa hesitated. She looked back and forth, as if to make sure no one would see her become derelict. The fairies in the room ignored her. Koa put down the folded table cloth and hurried after me. Her slippers made a hectic brushing noise on the floor.

Together, we went to the main stairwell. Koa was two steps behind me, as usual.

“Can I ask something, Lady Patchouli?” she said as we walked down the hall.

“Questions are always welcome unless specifically forbidden,” I said.

“Then, well. How did Flandre react when she saw me die?”

“She had no reaction, I am sorry to say. The mistress kept me from the library for the final hour before the birthday dinner began, and took from me the necessary time to complete the illusion. I was not able to present your fictional murder.”

“Aw,” said Koakuma. “And she didn’t even notice I wasn’t in it?”

“No, but do not take it personally. Flandre has known the mistress, China, Sakuya and myself far longer than she has known you, and she is absent of mind in the extreme. She will come to value your friendship equally, if not more, in the coming years, do I not doubt.”

Koa smiled at that. “Years? Really? You mean I can stay that long?”

I glanced back at her. “Must every detail be expressly stated? Yes. Your residence here is permanent, so long as you perform your duties.”

“Oh, thank you, Lady Patchouli!” she said. Her voice increased in pitch by one octave. The giddiness of it grated on my ears.

“No thanks are necessary.”

We had come to the stairwell. I stopped at the threshold to this floor’s landing, the toes of my slippers over the edge. Koa was about to walk past me and begin descending. I grabbed her by the wrist and held her in place.

“Wait a moment,” I said.

Koa looked back at me, confused. “Lady?”

I have difficulty describing the thoughts and feelings that occurred in me at this moment. Not only by their intensity, and the sudden aversion I felt at returning to the library, but also by their contrast to my ordinary state of being. The library was my refuge, my place of learning, research and the work I loved. It was the place I sought at any time I was away from it.

The stairwell shaft stretched deep below me. Sparklamps lined the walls down, and the stairs spiraled into the basement level.

The library, I thought. The library.

The idea caused claustrophobia in me, or the fear of it. I inhaled sharply, suddenly afraid I would be unable to breathe.

“Lady Patchouli?” said Koa. “Are you okay?”

Her words reached me only from a distance. Perhaps two hours ago, I had stormed out of the library as if I wished to leave it and never return. Granted, I had gone with the motive of making my displeasure known to Sakuya, but had ever an annoyance so easily pried me out of the library? Especially considering my work at that moment required no fairies at all? Koakuma could bring me wine. I could work on spellcards with no fairy help. Such a minor indignation should not have taken precedence.

Also, my interpersonal reactions were atrophied from disuse. I had complained to the mistress before considering that my reason for complaint was the mistress’s own doing. How could I not make that tiny leap of logic, and prevent embarrassing myself before my superior? Doubtless, too, questioning Remilia’s authority, even inadvertently, encouraged her to refresh the perception of that authority upon me. In short, if I had not shown myself in the dining room, I would have had enough time to complete my gift to Flandre.

My gift to Flandre. The most important contributor. Composing the complicated spells. Executing them. Leading Flandre around the mansion, as if I were telling a mystery story of my own.

I dare to say, it had been fun.

“Koakuma,” I said.

“Yes, Lady?”

“We are not returning to the library now,” I said. I turned my back on the stairwell, began walking down the hall.

“But?” she said. “I have to find the rest of Proust—”

I stopped, looked back at her. “Your duties are to me, Koa, not to a dusty bunch of books. You work in that library only as my aid. Now come!”

“Y-yes, Lady!” She hurried after me.

We went down the hall together. I had no clear idea of our destination, but we headed in the direction of the mansion’s main entrance.

“It is fitting you should mention that piece, however,” I said. “We shall do as its title suggests.”

“I don’t understand,” said Koa.

I glanced at her. “We are going for a walk.”




We passed the dining room again, and I retraced my steps to the front foyer, this time with Koakuma accompanying me. The mansion calmed for the evening. The fairies had mostly finished cleaning, and the senior residents had all gone either to sleep or to individual nighttime work. The halls were empty and quiet. Sparklamps still illuminated the corridors, only because they cost nothing but ambient heat to keep lit.

Koa and I arrived at the front corridor. I stepped down the stairs, but Koa hesitated on the landing.

“Lady?” she said. “When you said go for a walk, you didn’t mean outside, did you?”

I stopped, looked back up at her. “Of course I did. What virtue is there in wandering the halls of this place? The novelty of the activity is lost if performed in our ordinary environment.”

“But it’s cold outside,” said Koa. “And it’s dark out there. They’re fairies—”

“Fairies, Koa?” I turned to face her full on. “If you believe wild youkai, let alone seasonal conditions, pose any inconvenience to an elementalist, then you are blatantly mistaken.” I continued down the steps. “Now come along, and with no further coaxing.”

She descended the stairs behind me. She stumbled at one point, and I feared a tumble of Koa and monochromic dress to go crashing to the tile floor below. She caught herself on a banister, narrowly avoiding disaster.

We crossed the foyer to the main doors. I worked the heavy lock and pushed one door open. The knocker mounted to the door’s exterior rattled as Koa and I moved out into the winter night. The difference in atmosphere was immediate. The outdoors this evening felt akin to food storage. Very cold and dry. My breath appeared before my face in frothy white puffs. My skin tightened in response to the drop in temperature.

Koa already had her arms around herself, and we had not even stepped off the front porch.

“We didn’t stop for cloaks or scarves,” she said.

“We do not need them.” I still held my spellcard folder in one arm. I flipped it open, thumbing through the pages. “How to keep warm on a winter walk. This will do.”

I took two slips of paper out from a page in folder. They were inscribed with the same spell. I closed the folder again and held it between my elbow and ribs. With one hand, I held a spellcard before my face. With the other card and hand, I reached out and touched Koakuma’s forehead. She winced at my touch, but did not pull away.

I took in a breath of cold night air, spoke the spellcard’s incantation.

In manner of deity of old,

Held equally common and sire,

Who guarded faithful from cold,

Lend forth that healing fire!


“Fire sign: Belinos Consort!”

Koakuma squealed as the spellcards flashed, lighting the courtyard for an instant. The pieces of paper vaporized, but shapeless masses of orange and red energy remained in their places. The energy shifted and melded into a magical construct, formed in the likeness of a robin. These flaming birds both rose to hover just above our heads. Their wings flapped gently to keep them in place, with less effort than a real bird would require to stay aloft. As these constructs worked their wings, they scattered small sparks, like those thrown up from a wood fire. The sparks fell down around is in a rough cylindrical pattern, and disappeared when they touched our clothes or the ground.

Koa looked up at the fire bird above her head. “Wow! Is this a phoenix?” She reached up to poke the bird with her index finger.

I reached out and grabbed her wrist. “Do not touch. It is hot enough to burn you. And no, this is nothing so grand as the legendary god of flame and rebirth. But this spell is sufficient to keep us warm for an evening stroll.”

Koa lowered her hand. She did not wrap her arms around herself, or begin shivering. She seemed comfortable, as if we were still indoors.

“I don’t feel cold anymore,” she said.

“Indeed. This spell also acts as a light source. Come now.”

I turned and walked down the short flight of steps from the doorstep to the cobblestone courtyard. My bird-shaped fire construct followed me, keeping its exact relative position over my head. It even bobbed up and down in time with my footsteps.

Koa and I crossed the courtyard. An orange pool of light surrounded us both, causing rotations of shadows as we went. We passed the well in the yard’s center for the main gate on the far side. Before we reached it, the dual doors of the gate swung inwards.

“Halt!” called Hong Meiling’s voice. “State your business and most preferable circumstances!”

She walked just within the gate’s threshold, and beyond the reach of light coming from Koa and me. China wore no especially warm clothing. Temperature differences seemed not to bother her. She stood posed with both hands raised and one foot before the other. A readied stance of some martial discipline, the name of which I cared not to remember at the moment.

“I have no patience for your idiocy, China,” I said. “You are meant to challenge unknown parties from without who attempt to gain admittance, not known parties from within who attempt to exit the premises. You are mistaking the duties of a prison warden for those of a door guard. Stand aside.”

China loosened from her stance, standing up straight. But she did not move from where she stood.

“Don’t think you’re so smart just because you talk big,” she said. “Though underappreciated, I shall execute indentured tasks to the utmost of fulfillmence and completionism, as adequateness and superflicity have no placement within the scope, sphere, realm, landscape, understanding or consideration of the commissions of the responsibilities of the assignments of the high-esteemed office of the much-envied position of the door guard of the Scarlet Mansion of the common place called Gensokyo.”

Amazingly, she said that in one breath.

“I assure you, China,” I said, “I have never considered one intelligent only for the use of large words.”

“Then provide a response to my challenge, Miss Patchouli Knowledgeable, that I may verify your identity in order to allow passage.”

“I do have a response. It is quite brief compared to the challenge. Only four words.”

“Speak it!”

I dropped the spellcard folder into my hand. Its pages fell open. I pulled a card from it.

“Lightning sign: Erasmus Spire!”

While I specialize in the elements that Eastern canon recognizes, I also wield those of Western thought when appropriate. This was such a time. From the spellcard in my hand, an electrical arc shot across the courtyard. The spell did not generate an actual lightning strike, but magical energy rendered in that shape. The bolt forked out, zigging in a wild path on its way to China.

She moves faster than I, and she was already attempting a dodge when the spellcard fired. She might have evaded it, but that I created the spell specifically to track moving targets. It struck her just below the waist. The force threw her up into the air, higher than the mansion’s exterior walls. Her arms and legs flailed as she flew, her long hair trailing behind her. She reached an apex of some three dozen feet before falling back to the earth. She hit ground with her legs only partially below her, and her weight too heavy on her left side. She crumpled onto the cobblestones with sickening popping noises. There she lay folded over herself. She twitched all over, the residual muscle spasms of electrocution.

“Broke several bones,” I said. I looked back at Koakuma. Both hands were over her mouth, and under the orange light of the warmth spell, her complexion seemed especially pale.

“Did you...?” she said, though incapable of further enunciation. I assumed the end of her question.

“Kill her?” I said. “No. China would require a great deal more abuse to suffer fatality. Using an analogy, this treatment is proportionate to slapping a disobedient dog upon the head. Similar to a slapped dog, China will soon recover and resume her belligerent behavior. Further discipline will be required, but that is not our business tonight. Let us move on.”

We left the courtyard, leaving our ruined door guard within its threshold. Koakuma gave China a wide berth, and would not look directly at her. I pulled the doors closed behind us. We then set foot upon the path that led from the mansion’s gate, across the short land bridge, and to to Gensokyo’s mainland.


The night was deathly quiet.

I use that sentence with caution, for its ambiguous adverb. What level of ambient noise is implied by the phrase deathly quiet? Complete silence? Sounds present but below perceptible hearing? Is there a threshold defining the maximum volume of a state of quietness to permit the description of deathly?

Despite the lack of clarity, I know no better sentence to portray the sounds of this evening. I hope to imply perceived rather than actual silence. When one is accustomed to the noises of warmer months, including the chirping of birds, the creaking of crickets, the occasional rustle of an animal or fairy in the woods, the relatively soft sounds of a winter night are a sharp contrast. The only sounds were the gentle lapping of lake water against its banks, and the rare breeze disturbing the trees.

Koakuma and I kept to the path that circumnavigated the lake. No snow had fallen for weeks, so the path was clear and our going was easy. The sky above was black and featureless. A slate of clouds covered us, casting Gensokyo in near perfect dark. The only light came from the magical fire constructs that floated in place over our heads. We walked, but I gave no forethought to our destination or course. I did not realize until later that I led Koa away from the half of the valley that contained Forest of Magic and the Hakurei Shrine. I do not know if this was random chance or subconscious decision.

“Um, Lady?” said Koa behind me. “Can I ask, where are we going exactly?”

“You may ask, but I have no answer,” I said. “Walk beside me. I wish for a companion, not a servant who follows at my heels out of obligation.”

“Yes, Lady.” Koa had no difficulty gaining ground to walk at my side.

“I am curious,” I said. “After I had disabled China, you still moved around her with caution. You seemed ready to run away if she suddenly reanimated.”

Koa looked down as she walked. “I guess I was. You know what....” She swallowed. “You know what happened between her and me before.”

“I do,” I said. “Did it comfort you to see her subjugated to my power several minutes ago? Or to Flandre’s earlier this evening?”

“No!” She was emphatic. “Seeing her knocked around like that. It’s terrible.”

“But it proves that China poses no threat to you,” I said. “So long as in the presence of myself or any of the mansion’s senior staff, each superior to her in combat, you are in no danger.”

“I know. I shouldn’t let myself be scared. But what she did to me.” She closed her eyes. “It doesn’t go away overnight.”

“I understand,” I said. Once again, I thought back to that night last summer. Two strokes under a miko’s gohei.

If Koakuma’s experience was similar to my own, I could assume no retaliation against Reimu Hakurei would bring me any satisfaction. Indeed, had I not tried the very next day? A few choice words whispered into China’s ear, and I thought the situation resolved. Yet even before Reimu exploited an aspect of feudal youkai relationships, even before I had learned that China had been disallowed from exacting her revenge, a feeling of deep discontent ailed me. I felt as if I had committed some crime, broken some law, ignored some important rule. What was worse, that same voice of conscience told me that I had known better, and it harshened the responsibility of my wrongdoing.

This guilt encouraged me to follow my mistress down to Flandre’s vault, even beside the two humans who had violated our home. The same guilt led me to tend the humans after the little mistress nearly killed them both. I put intense effort into repairing their bodies. I was successful, but my emotional state was returned only to an uneasy norm. I had barely set the accounting sheet of my morality to a zero balance. It felt ready to plunge back into debt at any time, and by no means had I gained myself a credit.

These sentiments were ridiculous, of course. Negative action deserved retribution. The philosophy of turn the other cheek had no merit beside practical ideas like an eye for an eye. Was a delinquent child never to be punished for disrespecting his parents? Was an expansionist country to receive no counteractive military movement from the countries it invaded? Allowing an aggressor to harass, harm or destroy you is a mere variation on suicide.

“Lady?” said Koa beside me.

I blinked, shook my head. “I apologize. I was lost in thought.”

“It’s not that.” She shrunk to my other side, as if putting me between herself and some danger. “There’s something in the woods.”

We stopped. She pointed off into the trees, and I looked that way. I saw nothing of note. Only the two closest trees, their trunks illuminated by the flaming birds over our heads. Beyond was only a solid curtain of darkness through which I could not see.

“No creature would wander out on this cold of an evening,” I said.

Koa pointed again. “Can’t you see it? I can’t really tell what it is, but something’s there.”

I stepped to the edge of the path, pushing my circle of light past the two nearest trees. It revealed a patch of wild grass and a third tree, this one stunted to grow in the shape of a bush. I squinted into the dark, but saw no more. Koa kept close to my back.

“There!” she said, pointing over my shoulder. “It’s right there.”

“I see nothing,” I said. I looked back at her. “I should take you home, Koa. The dark of night is frightening you into hallucinations.”

Koa opened her mouth to protest, but a new noise silenced her. There came an odd sound. I whirled around, one hand in my spellcard folder. Koa’s hands clamped onto my shoulders as she hid behind me.

“Who goes there?” I called into the woods. “Stand forth and declare yourself.”

No answer came. Instead the sound continued. If I were to describe the noise with onomatopoeia, I would write it as ch-ch-ch-chit-ch-ch-chit. It reminded me of the chattering from an angry rodent, perhaps a squirrel whose food had been stolen. The bare branches of the tree bush rattled as a small creature stumbled past it.

“What is that?” I said.

“It looks kind of like a fairy,” said Koa.

I was beginning to believe her eyesight was finer than mine. Perhaps all my years of reading had caused nearsightedness. The creature slowly moved forward, coming into the circle of light. At first look, it did resemble a lesser fairy. It was the same size, had a humanoid form, and a pair of wings on its back. It moved closer, and it was like no youkai I had ever seen.

Koakuma gasped. “Look at that poor thing. What happened to it?”

The creature either was no fairy, or had suffered gross mutilation. Instead of the fair skin that mimicked the loveliest of human women, it was covered in a leathery hide like that of a burn victim. Its limbs hung off its body in strange angles. Its legs were bent so that it walked like a clumsy blind man. Its wings were not translucent or colorful as fairy wings normally are, but dark flaps of flesh that drooped off its back.

“Stars above,” I said.

Another chit-ch-ch-ch-chit noise came, and I looked up to see another ruined fairy pushing past the bush. This second one was differently mangled, but was in no better condition. Its left arm was mostly whole, but its right arm was missing completely. Only a melted fleshy bump hung off its shoulder where the arm had been. Both creature’s mouths were pulled back from their teeth, clattering together in sounds of ch-ch-chit-ch-ch-chit.

“Lady!” said Koa, shaking my shoulders under her grasp. “They’re coming this way.”

They were indeed advancing on us. More appeared from the darkness, coming out of the woods in a broad semicircle. Slowly they approached us.

“Step back, Koa.” I put an arm to her midriff and pushed her back. We receded across the path, putting to our backs a narrow strip of grass that lined the lake shore.

“Oh my gosh!” said Koa, still cowering behind me.

More of the ruined fairies filtered out of the woods. Many, many more, marching on the path like a poorly organized company of foot soldiers. Their voices layered one on another on another, creating an ear-piercing chorus of chit-ch-ch-chit-ch-ch-ch-chit-chit. They moved in a group so thick that they often knocked into one another, collapsing in a pile of broken limbs and hard tanned skin. Their companions gave no thought to the fallen, and simply climbed over them to continue towards Koa and me.

I looked the throng over, trying for a quick estimate of their number. I initially guessed at several dozen, until another wave of them came into the light. I revised my count to one hundred and fifty, and then another mass of them became visible.

Chit-ch-ch-chit-chit-ch-ch-chit, they chattered.

“There are at least three hundred,” I said. “Hold still, Koa. We should—”

My breath was taken from me. A light breeze blew into my face, carrying the horrid stench of these creatures. My body rebelled against the smell, and I nearly vomited my dinner into a pool at my feet. I covered my nose and mouth with my hand, swallowed hard to keep my bile down.

Koa turned her head away and retched, making an “Aack!” noise than originated from deep in her throat. I felt every bit of her disgust. This smell was far too familiar. The odor of charred hair and boiled blood. It recalled experiences I try very hard to forget. The smells and sounds that floated up through the mansion while Sakuya prepared Flandre’s meals, before our human visitors had arrived last summer.

“Hold still!” I said, as if it would reduce Koa’s nausea.

She took a deep breath and swallowed.

“Shouldn’t we, um, run?” she said.

“They are attracted to our light sources,” I said, pointing to the fire bird above my head. “I cannot deactivate the spell without subjecting us to the cold, but nor will I lead these creatures back to the mansion. I must destroy them.”

“Then please do, Lady!”

The front line of the hoard was closer, forming a loose curve within several feet of me. They did not move quickly. Even I, notoriously slow among my rank of youkai, could have easily outrun them. I had ample time to find a suitable spellcard from within my folder. Koa trembled behind me.

“Be at ease,” I told her. “I have the situation in hand. Now let me see. How to eliminate hideous creatures. Ah.”

I pulled a spellcard out from the folder’s pages. I held the slip of paper up in two fingers and spoke the incantation.


Humble serpent of flame,

Four foot and belly to the earth

I summon forth the same

Whole might from thine hearth

“Fire sign: Salamander Crawl!”

I waved my hand before me as if shooing something aside. Bright red magical energy, taking the form of liquid light, poured from my hand into a convex shape in front of my feet. One second after the whole spell was on the ground, the magic spread forward like an unrolling blanket. It covered the ground in a layer of fire. It fanned out over the ruined fairies. This was a fast-acting spell, meant to create very high temperatures locally, so as to kill quickly rather than leaving the victim to writhe as it burned.

Neither such thing happened. Woods nearby illuminated as if a band of irresponsible travelers had started too big a bonfire, but the fairies were unharmed. Fire licked at their bodies, but they did not catch alight. It passed over them as fire passes over stone. They continued their unsteady march towards us, all the time saying ch-ch-ch-chit-chit-ch-chit-chit.

“It’s not hurting them!” said Koa.

“It seems they are immune by fire,” I said. “Fall back, Koa.”

The fire spell faded, leaving a blackened patch of earth. Turning so that we could walk along the path rather than into the lake, we slowly stepped back from the hoard. They followed us, their full numbers turning onto the beaten dirt. We would eventually return to the Scarlet Mansion if we continued, but I had no intention to allow this pack of mutant fairies to escort us for the distance.

“Please stop them!” said Koa. “Don’t let them get us!”

“Calm yourself,” I said. “Panic is counterproductive. This is actually a fine opportunity. I have waited for the chance to test a new style of combat spell in the field. Continue to walk backwards slowly. Stay behind me, but face them at all times.”

I opened my spellcard folder and thumbed through the pages. I found the card I was looking for, pulled it loose.


A tribute of those

To whom magic is unknown

And long ago chose

Through mechanics, power shown.

“Metal sign: Assault Rifle!”

This spell has drastically different effects versus the varieties of magic I am known to cast. I ask for the reader’s patience for the following paragraphs, as I present several unfamiliar ideas.

As is appropriate for any intellectual, I have studied the world outside Gensokyo in reading the texts that originate from beyond the Boundary. How these books come into our country, no sound theory has yet been presented, let alone any empirical demonstration. So far as experimentation as shown, the Boundary is absolutely impenetrable to forces both physical and magical. Yet foreign objects do appear within Gensokyo. Most common are books, many of which I keep in the library below the Scarlet Mansion. Less frequent are items of other sorts, such as the magnetic disc China found and gave to Flandre as a birthday gift.

During my studies of the outside world, I have learned of organized combat and military action. While the grand, sweeping views of armies marching across continents has its intrigue, equally interesting is the preparation and armament of the individual soldier. Each infantryman is expected to carry what is referred to as small arms, weapons appropriate for engaging equal or lesser forces of infantry.

Most closely equivalent to this concept in Gensokyo is a warrior equipped with a sword and dagger, or a bow and arrows. In advanced cases, a warrior prepared with an arsenal of prerendered magical foci ready for use. The personal weapons of the outside world are more direct, and rely upon mechanical and chemical reactions.

An example of weaponry from the small arms category is the device known as assault rifle. This weapon is a machine small enough to carry, but is heavy and burdensome. It is long, and is held by specialized grips on the bottom so that the wielder’s arms support its weight from underneath. Pulling a small switch on the weapon’s underside, called the trigger, activates the weapon. A chain reaction of chemical energy driving mechanical parts causes a small metal projectile, called a bullet, to fire from the weapon at high speed. It flies faster than a bolt fired from the finest crossbow. It cannot be seen passing through the air. Except as long ranges, there is no perceptible time difference between pulling the trigger and the bullet hitting its target.

Though bereft of magic, the projectile weapons of the outside world are effective. The bullet of an assault rifle is small, often the size of a fingertip, but velocity is equally important to mass in creating an object’s inertia. Transposing the multiplier and the multiplicand of the equation will not change the resulting product. A small, fast-moving object can be every bit as damaging as a large, slower-moving object.

I apologize for the above explanation. Though not at all extensive in this subject, it is a significant distraction from the matter at hand. I cast a metal-elemental spell while Koakuma and I retreated from the slowly advancing hoard of mutated fairies. The spellcard disappeared in a flash, leaving a rapidly shifting magical construct in my hands. I held it from below, as I had seen soldiers do in the books from the outside world. The energy took the shape of my rough approximation of an assault rifle. It gained weight and became solid. It tugged down my arms.

“What in the world is that?” said Koa, looking at the construct.

I offered no answer. Instead, I stopped walking backwards, standing still. I held the assault rifle up to my eye, lining two fins on the weapon’s top with the target I intended to strike. I aimed for the foremost of the fairies, still several feet away. I gently curled my right forefinger around the trigger, and pulled.

The result caught me completely off guard. The processes that mimicked an assault rifle changed magical energy into kinetic energy, flinging bullet-sized constructs out my weapon. I had designed the spell to fire four hundred times before failing. I expended a tenth of those cycles with the first trigger pull. The weapon bucked against me, pounding into my shoulder and knocking me back into Koakuma. The recoil caused the weapon’s projecting end, called the muzzle, to climb at a sharp angle. The bullets missed the front fairy that I had aimed for, but tore a line through the ranks behind it. The youkai, already mutilated as they were, exploded into chunks. One’s head was removed from its torso. The assault rifle’s aim continued to climb. I had too little strength to hold it down. Some bullets hit the ground behind the group of fairies, and the rest shot off into the night sky.

My ears were numb for my weapon’s first discharge. The noise was painfully loud, like dozens century-old trees falling to the ground in rapid succession. I could hear only a high-pitched ring. Behind me, Koakuma clapped her hands over her ears and shrieked. Her voice sounded miles away. I took my finger from the trigger a bare second after I had pulled it, and brought the assault rifle back under control.

“Foolish!” I yelled. “Equal and opposite reaction! Why did I not take physics into account?”

I had no further time to chastise myself. The hoard advanced still. I took several steps back, pushing Koa behind me further. Then I stood still, took aim, and fired again.

I exercised more caution. I depressed the trigger for only a split second each time, sending a short burst of bullets into the fairy mob. This way I avoided the muzzle climbing out of control and kept better aim on my target. The fairies failed to the spell. Each one hit disintegrated, holes punched through them. Youkai blood spattered the hard dirt path. Dismembered fairy parts littered the ground.

Every bullet fired hurt me as well. The weapon’s recoil battered me, and I would suffer bruising on my chest and arms. I am slight of frame, and my body was too light to absorb the shock. My ears, too, hurt with every pull of the trigger. Each shot pounded a new level of ringing into my head. I was deaf while using this weapon. I could only hope my hearing was not permanently damaged.

Yet I continued firing. The assault rifle destroyed the fairies. I had more bullets to expend than targets to eliminate, but making every shot successful was impossible. Especially towards the end, when most of the fairies had been torn apart. I had to aim carefully at the remainders, whereas before, having a large group of the creatures ensured I would hit at least one.

The final fairy fell to the first bullet of a burst, and the assault rifle was empty. I pulled the trigger again, and its internal mechanics only clicked. The construct faded from my hands, its weight lifting from my arms, and the assault rifle was gone. My legs failed me. I realized that, until now, the muscles in my thighs and calves had been clenched to keep me upright. I fell to my knees. It took all my effort to remain even in that position. If my body had its way, I would have fallen on my side and not returned to the Scarlet Mansion unless someone carried me.

I heard a far away sound, a buzzing above my muffled sense of hearing. Koa stepped in front of me, still holding her hands over her ears.

“Lady Patchouli!” she yelled into my face. Her voice was the distant sound. She pulled her hands from the sides of her head to catch me from toppling over. I had not noticed I was leaning until her hands were on me.

“I am well.” I shook my head to clear the ring in my ears, but made no difference.

Koa helped me to my feet. “Did your experimental spell work out how you wanted?”

“No. It was both marginal success and monumental failure.” My legs threatened to cease functioning again. I nearly fell back to my knees. Koa caught me, hugging me tight to herself.

“Are you all right?” she said. “You don’t seem like you can walk.”

“I can.” I pushed her away, forcing myself to balance without help. “It seems I too closely emulated the workings of the weapons from beyond the Boundary.”

“Was it supposed to be that loud?” she said. “My ears hurt.”

“Mine as well,” I said. “I will refine the spell at a later time. For now, let us return. This walk is much more different from our ordinary experience than I had intended. Far too much.”

“And the smell too,” said Koa. She took my side, encouraging me to rest my weight against her as we walked. I would have submitted to that position, had I not noticed the fairy remains on the road. I do not mean to say that this was the first time I was aware of them. It was, however, the first time their continued presence had occurred to me.

The bloody, stinking spread of dismantled fairies still covered the dirt path.

“Wait,” I said, stopping Koa. “Look.”

She glanced back at the mess on the road. “Yuck. I don’t wanna look at that.”

“No,” I said. “Think for a moment. Youkai are beings composed of magical energy. Upon termination, that energy disperses.”

Koa realized. “Oh! You’re right. Fairies fade away when they die. Then why....?”

We stood for a moment, staring at the mess, as if expecting it to sparkle out of existence at any moment. But there stayed the remains of massacre.

“Maybe they’re not fairies?” said Koa.

I shook my head. “What other creature in Gensokyo appears as a small person with wings growing out of its back?”

“Then maybe....” Koa’s brow scrunched in thought. “Maybe they’re not really dead?”

“Impossible. No lesser youkai could sustain that much damage. There must be—”

My breath was taken from me again. The smell, ever present, returned with new vigor. Both Koa and I slapped hands over our mouths as we gagged from the stench.

“How foul!” I said.

Koa dared a look back at the carnage, and her hand fell from her face. She gaped, wide-eyed and open-mouthed.

“L-lady...,” was all she could say.

I looked, and saw what stunned her. I blinked several times to ensure that neither the dark nor my recent beating interfered with my sight. There was no mistaking this. Koa was right. The fairies were not dead.

Their body parts were moving.

“This is not happening,” I said. “I killed them. I annihilated them.”

Limbs and torsos moved of their own volition. Arms grabbed the dirt if their hand was till attached, and propelled themselves by bending and unbending at the elbow. Hands that had no arms walked along on all five fingers, like a spider missing one leg. Legs used the slight flexibility of their ankle joints to gain purchase with their foot, and repeatedly flexed muscles around the knee. Bodies simply rolled, or used any attached limbs to scrape along. Heads, too, came to life again, whether decapitated or still on their necks. Every fairy mouth worked in unison, teeth chattering.

Ch-ch-chit-ch-chi-chi-ch-ch-ch-chit.

“Koakuma,” I said.

“Y-yes, Lady Patchouli?” she said.

“I do not claim to know what we are witnessing, but I do assert that whatever is transpiring here, we will not find its result favorable. Do you agree?”

“I very much do.”

The body parts gathered together at the center of the patch of bloodied earth. The broken fairies and all their pieces piled together, crawling over each other like a hive of insects, making a mound of slick quivering flesh.

“Then I am in indecision,” I said. “Retreating to the mansion seems an immediately wise course of action. But if we leave this unattended, we do not know if it will pose a threat to anyone else. We may remain and observe, and attempt to neutralize that threat, but we could place ourselves in danger.”

“I’ll do what you think is best, Lady,” said Koa. “I trust you’ll protect us.”

“I have done a barely passable job of that thus far.” I put a hand over my chest. I was sore. I would feel tonight’s exploits for many days to come.

“I bet it’s just because you were experimenting,” she said. “If you got serious, nothing could stop you.”

Some deep part of me warmed, and it tugged a smile at my mouth.

“Your confidence in me is....” I searched for the word. “Flattering. Thank you.”

The pile of fairy parts increased in activity. The mound tightened, each part trying to climb higher on top of the others. Its shape resembled a man sitting with his knees pulled to his head. And then the head looked up.

Koa screeched and clung to me. I stared, dumbfounded.

“Impossible,” I said.

The man-shape stretched out two long arms. Its hands were tipped with dismantled fairy parts that happened to be proportionally sized as fingers. The shape leaned forward, getting its legs beneath itself and standing. It rose to at least six and a half feet. Its torso was heavily built, containing the majority of the fairy bits. Its head and limbs were too long and thin by comparison.

Chit-chit-ch-ch-chit-chit chit-ch-ch.

“Incredible!” I said. “This merits entirely new venues of study. How are the dismembered fairies adhering to one another? How do they move as a cohesive unit? And more importantly, what in Gensokyo could have caused this?”

As I spoke, the man-shape’s head rotated. If the head’s shape was any indication, it was turning to face us.

“Um,” said Koa. “It’s looking at us.”

“Perhaps we can communicate with it,” I said. I waved a hand at the man-shape, hoping to get its attention. “Hello! Are you cognizant? Are you able to understand speech? Can you state your intentions?”

It stomped one foot towards us, and the ground shook under its weight. Both Koa and I struggled to keep our balance.

“I think it’s intentions are pretty clear,” said Koa.

“But this is nonsense,” I said. “All those fairies do not have that much mass, even collectively.”

The man-shape put forth its other foot, sending another tremor through the earth. It held forth both arms, folding its grotesque hands into fists. Koa tugged at my dress, pulling me back.

“Oh,” I said. “I see. The fairies were not simply attracted to the light the warmth spell. They are outrightly hostile.”

The shape took another step forward. My knees nearly buckled under the miniature quake. One more step and I would be within its reach.

Koa pulled me more forcefully, and I stepped back with her.

“Then maybe we should go?” she said.

I flipped open my spellcard folder. “No, Koa. I must have something here. How to eliminate vile abominations of life. Let me see....”

Chit-ch-ch-chit-chit-ch-ch-chit-ch-chit-ch-ch-ch-chit.

I snapped the folder shut. “I am mistaken. I have no spellcard sufficient for this task.” I turned, pushing Koa. “Run!”

She was happy to comply. She took my hand and ran down the path as quickly as she could. That, unfortunately, was faster than I. I lagged behind her, fighting to keep up as my feet were forced to cover more ground than my stride spanned. Behind us, the man-shape gained speed. Its legs were longer than either Koa’s or mine. Its feet pounded the dirt path, shaking the trees as it went. I imagined it also sent ripples through the nearby lake, obscured in the dark.

“Faster, Lady!” Koa yelled. Her black and white dress whipped into my face as we ran.

“I am unfit for exuberant physical activity!” I yelled back. My justification did not help us. The man-shape gained on us. It would catch us well before we reached the mansion gate.

“Look!” Koa pointed ahead. “Something’s coming this way!”

I tried to see what she referred to, but the monster caught me just then. My long ponytails trailed behind me as I ran, and the man-shape grabbed them both in one of its huge hands. It yanked me back, and I screamed as if I had just been scalped. My hand tore free of Koakuma’s. I fell flat back onto the ground. Spikes of light exploded in my vision as my head hit the hard dirt. The air was knocked from my chest.

“Patchouli!” Koa screamed my name. She stopped and ran back towards me, though I had no idea what she hoped to accomplish. I wanted to yell at her to keep going, run fast and far. I had already fallen to the monster, and there was no sense compounding the problem by sacrificing herself. But I could draw no breath.

“Run!” My mouth formed the word, but I had no wind to voice it. The monster stepped over me, and I expected it to strike me. But it past me and charged into Koakuma. It battered her with a back-handed slap. The force of the blow knocked her to the ground. There she lay motionless.

I tried to sit up, but could only roll onto my stomach instead of my back. I searched for my spellcard folder, but I had lost it when I fell. Just ahead of me, the monster looked at Koa’s beaten form on the dirt. It put one foot under her midriff and kicked her to the grass beside the path. The momentum carried her down the slope to the lake shore and out of sight. But I heard the splash, and saw the puff of rising steam from the failed warming spell.

“Koa!” I tried to yell. My chest spasmed as it worked to inflate. Done with Koa, the monster stepped back to me. It regarded me for the same moment, then pulled back a fist. It would hammer its arm down on the ground, pulverizing my head between the two.

“Don’t touch her!” yelled a new voice. A thin red line of light passed through the monster’s arm, which then suddenly separated from the shoulder. The fist that was about to kill me lost its cohesion to the rest of the monster. The detached limb collapsed into hundreds of bloody fairy bits. I crawled away to avoid getting rained on, but I was still pelted with tiny body parts. One bald fairy head bounced off my scalp. I then noticed that my hat had gone missing.

I kept crawling. Since the monster seemed more interested in the newcomer who had cut its arm off, I took the opportunity to get out of immediate danger. Even crawling is difficult when unable to breathe. I only made it several feet before looking back at whoever had rescued me.

There stood my mistress, Remilia Scarlet, facing the monster. The scene might have been comical in other context, a short girl against a beast more than twice her height. Her eyes burned with angry red light, brighter than the warmth spell that still hovered over me. She held out one arm with an active combat spell. A great red spear, translucent and glowing as if made from luminescent ruby, twirled in air near her hand. The spear did not touch her, but followed her hand so that she could wield it without offsetting its weight. It ceaselessly spun, cutting deep whoop whoop whoop noises into the air.

“What circle of Hell did you spawn from?” said Remilia.

The monster swung its remaining hand at her. The blow might have crushed Remilia, but it was far too slow to catch her. The next second, she was behind it. With that movement, she had sliced the blade of her spear through the monster’s arm, freeing it from the shoulder. Another burst of fairy parts spattered to the ground.

“You’re a persistent monstrosity, aren’t you?” Remilia gave the monster no time to try kicking her. With two quick motions, she cut off both legs at the thigh. The monster’s now quadriplegic body fell onto the pile that used to be its legs.

Remilia looked back at me. “Patchouli! Can this thing regenerate?”

I nodded, and found I had breath to answer.

“Yes!” I said. “But magic seems not to permanently harm—”

“You haven’t tried my magic!” Remilia gripped her spear, stopping its rotation. She ran forward and leaped, jumping over the squirming pile of parts. She stabbed her spear into the ground let it go. Her momentum carried her over the mess, and she landed on the strip of grass near the lake shore.

The spear was now planted in the dirt among the monster’s reforming body. Remilia stood straight and held up a hand. An aura of red light grew around her. The same light emitted from the spear, and it vibrated gently in the ground as if reverberating to someone’s heartbeat.

“Hold it!” said Remilia. “Wait for it. Let it gather.”

The monster’s parts collected around the spear. It seemed the monster might attempt to absorb the weapon, take its power for itself. The monster’s head began to rise as its limbs regrew.

“Good enough!” said Remilia. She held her hand to the sky. “Spear the Gungnir!”

The light from the spear doubled and tripled. It became too bright to look at, but I could look at nothing else. The spear’s vibrations ceased suddenly, and all its pent-up energy seemed ready to explode. But it did the opposite. Instead of blowing outwards, it sucked inwards. All the fairy body parts were pulled towards the spear, and it burned them in a worse way than fire. Each part was incinerated, vaporized from physical existence. At first a spherical cloud of the fairy bits surrounded the spear, but that cloud shrunk until the spear had absorbed the last of it.

Off to the side, Remilia had both hands up as if grappling with a tough opponent. Managing this spell took all her concentration. Once the monster was gone and only the spear remained, Remilia pointed a finger to the sky. The spear followed, pulling free of the dirt and shooting up to the clouds. It flew higher and higher, a trail of sparkling ruby light behind it. When it had gone so high that I could no longer see it, then it exploded.

A scarlet burst webbed across the sky above us. It reminded me of an outside-world cultural phenomenon. Using chemical technology, the people beyond the Boundary created recreational spectacles they called fireworks. The name is fitting. Remilia’s spell might have been seen anywhere in Gensokyo for a moment, and was indeed an impressive working of fire.





Remilia stood still, as if letting a moment of pain pass. She lowered her hands to her sides. The red light around her faded, and she was breathing heavily. She looked to me.

“Now I know why you stay in the library all the time,” she said.

I was already struggling to my feet, pushing myself across the dirt path and to the lake shore.

“The monster knocked Koakuma into the lake!” I said.

Remilia gave no reaction of surprise. She spoke no doubt or question. She immediately turned and jumped down to the lake shore. I meant to follow her, but the slope was steep, even for the short distance down to the water. The light of my warmth spell barely carried down that far. I could see Remilia’s silhouette kneeling at the lake’s edge. I crouched to lower myself down, but she called up to me.

“Stay up there!” she said. “I found her. Let me bring her up.”

I stood straight, and no later Remilia stepped up onto the grass beside me. The front of her dress was wet, but unconscious Koakuma in her arms had been completely immersed. Water dripped off her in a small shower, dotting the ground with dark spots. Her wings and red hair hung lank off her head. Her clothing clung to her, revealing her thin figure. I stepped forward and put a hand to Koa’s cheek. She was cold to the touch. But that alarmed me less than another metabolic abnormality.

“She is not breathing!” I said. “Lay her down, please.”

Remilia did so. She set Koakuma on the ground, ensuring to keep her neck and back as straight as possible. I knelt down beside her. I put both hands on Koa’s head. With one, I held down her jaw. With the other, I pinched her noise shut. I looked inside her mouth, making sure there were no obvious obstructions. I took a deep breath and held it, then lowered my face to Koa’s. I pressed my open mouth to hers, and pushed air into her.

High-level youkai share many physical peculiarities with humans. One of these is that certain exposed areas of the body are more sensitive to physical sensation than others. The lips are extremely sensitive, for the sake of having a detailed sensation of what we put into our mouths before totally inserted. Humans, I have read, abuse this trait for physiological stimulation between romantic partners. I felt no such pleasure when I had my lips to Koa’s this night. She felt cold and empty beneath me. If I may be so grotesque as to make the comparison, it felt like kissing a corpse.

I am grateful that analogy was not literal truth. I lifted my head and placed my hands over Koa’s chest, ready to compress her ribs in mimicry of normal respiration. She needed no further stimulation. Her chest heaved on its own, and her eyes fluttered open and closed. She choked, struggling for breath. I rolled her onto her side. She coughed and sputtered, expelling the water she had inhaled. I patted her on the back, more to offer comfort than to help her breathing. Her body convulsed each time she coughed, forcing the water out of her.

Remilia stood by and watched. She looked as a parent might, seeing her child suffer beyond her aid. Worried and helpless.

“Will she be okay?” she said.

“She is breathing again,” I said. “But the lake water is below freezing, and she may suffer hypothermia.”

“I’ll get her back to the mansion.” Remilia put both arms under Koa and lifted her again. “I move the fastest.”

“Please wait,” I said, standing with her. “You are indeed quick, but that may thwart us. The wind chill could harm her.”

“You can’t carry her back,” she said.

“No, but I can enable you to do so.” I looked around, saw my my spellcard folder on the ground nearby. I picked it up and thumbed through the pages. I did not immediately find for what I searched.

Remilia tapped her foot on the ground. She could carry a person heavier than she, while cold and wet, and still have the capacity for gestures of impatience. A strong person is my mistress.

“You’d better have a good reason for making me stand here,” she said.

I found the spellcard. I slipped it from the folder’s pages and held it to Koa’s chest. I closed my eyes and concentrated. It took one second to focus the necessary power to activate the card.

“Wind sign,” I said, “Anemoi Anchor!”

This spell had no vivid display of light as most my spells do. The magic had no visual aspect at all. The air around Koa’s body changed, becoming like a liquid that thickens into a solid. It created a layer of stationary air that conformed to her. Air not affected by the spell would not pass through the makeshift magical blanket. This would serve to keep her body heat. I passed a hand over her nose and mouth, deactivating that part of the spell. Keeping her warm would serve no purpose if she suffocated.

“Impressive.” Remilia nodded to me. She is also a mage, and recognized the purpose of the spell. “Meet you back at the mansion.”

She turned and dashed off into the night. I heard the whoosh of her passing, had a glimpse of her wings flapping as she ran, and she was gone. I stood on the strip of grass, between the beaten path and the lake shore, and I was alone.





I did not immediately return to the mansion. The flaming bird still flapped above my head, keeping me warm and lighting an orange circle around me, so I could stay outdoors if I chose. I lingered for a time.

First, most importantly, I found my hat at the edge of the woods. No woman of status in Gensokyo is seen outdoors without her hat. It was scuffed with dirt, but my crescent moon brooch was still pinned to it. I fit the cap upon my head, ignoring the dirtiness of it. Both my hair and hat could be washed. Indecency is a much more serious matter.

I walked over to the scorched patch of earth, left by the first attack spell I used against the mutated fairies. I looked at the blackened dirt, ground a bit of it under my toe.

Fire had not harmed the fairies. And, in retrospect, I understood. They had already been burned, and by a flame worse than anything I could conjure. A flame that should have killed them, but instead left them suffering. I have no special sympathy for other youkai simply because I am youkai myself, but nor do I love cruelty. I hoped whatever had mutated the fairies to be a fluke of nature. The idea of a deliberate mind doing so troubled me.

I walked away from the burnt ground, to the spot where the fairies had advanced as I eliminated them with the assault rifle spell. I could only tell the place by the bullet holes in the dirt. The bullets themselves had disappeared with the spell, and the fairy blood was gone. I took that as a sign that they, and the monster they formed, were now truly dead.

And what of that monster? Surely, it was worst of all aspects of the fairy mutation. youkai are independent beings, no matter their level, and belong to no communal consciousness. They are as separate as one human is from another, as I am from Flandre Scarlet, and as one fox in the woods is separate from any other. That they could join together and act as one being suggested they had been altered more deeply than their appearance. Had they been joined in that deeper way? Or had the individuality of life been taken from them, so that nothing remained to keep them from conglomerating?

These thoughts pushed me down the path, and I began the walk back to the mansion. I did not hurry. I knew what awaited me there, and I dreaded it.





Yet dread of the inevitable only shortens the perceived duration preceding the inevitable’s arrival. I approached the mansion gate. Hong Meiling stood before the doors. She was whole and healthy. She called a challenge to me.

“Halt!” She held up a hand. “Declare your identity and invasive recollection of dynamics!”

I stood still. I was weary. My chest and arms ached with each beat of my heart, marking my bruises. My hat and dress were dirty. Add these reasons to China’s belligerence, and I had ample excuse to cast her aside. But I had seen enough pain tonight. I had no desire for any more, be it deserving or not.

“China,” I said. “Several minutes ago, the mistress must have—”

“The mistress?” said China. “The mistress! Why didn’t you say so? That’s a foreign exchange of a whole different opacity. Come on in!”

She walked backwards into one of the gate doors, pushing it open with her shoulders. I walked past her, but watched her as I went, my spellcard folder ready. She only grinned at me. Whether amused at some joke of which only she knew the punchline, or satisfied with a job well done, I do not know. She let me pass. I cross the courtyard as the gate closed behind me.

I approached the mansion’s main doors. I saw Lady Scarlet standing on the porch, waiting for me. She had changed dresses since I saw her last.

“Patchouli,” she said. “Took your time getting back.”

I walked up the steps to the porch. “I apologize for my delay. I am injured. An experimental spell backfired. May I ask after Koakuma’s wellbeing?”

“She’s still passed out, but okay otherwise.” Remilia opened the doors and we both went in from the cold. “You’re hurt? How badly?”

“Not as severely of as she,” I said. “Mine are the hard knocks of learning. I am in pain, but I will recover.”

The door shut behind us. I pointed a finger to my warmth spell, pushed an effort of will into it. The spell deactivated. The flaming bird above me dispersed into a shower of red sparks, falling around me and disappearing. Its warmth faded, and I was once again subject to ambient temperature. Remilia and I crossed the foyer and ascended the stairs to the mansion proper.

“We got Koa into some dry clothes and a warm bed,” said Remilia. “Sakuya’s looking after her now. Let’s go up and see her.”

“I shall,” I said. “Though my attire is not presentable. May I acquire new clothing first?”

Remilia sighed. “For things I’d never have you do, you act on your own volition. For things that are implicitly allowed, you ask permission. Yes, you can go change first. Then you and I need to have a talk.”




A visit to the bedside of the ill is ever uneventful. One dare not speak to loudly, for fear of waking the sleeping patient. No conversation can be held. If one alone is to watch over the sick, then at least the watcher can bring a book to read. My only meaningful action in this case was to examine Koa. She lay in bed, covered to the neck in quilts. Her face had regained its usual fretting blush. A yellow and purple bruise formed near her left eye. Similar marks were on her left shoulder and arm, showing where the monster had struck her, as she held up an arm in reflexive defense.

Sakuya had placed three fire-warmed stones in the covers, to ensure there was some heat other that Koa’s in the blankets. Remilia had frequently checked Koa’s temperature by touch. Now they both stayed aside as I stood over the bed. I looked down at my sleeping assistant, and I hurt. Her wounds caused pain in me that I could not identify. I did not show it. Instead, I placed a hand over Koa’s forehead. I closed my eyes and extended my magical senses to her body.

I am an elementalist, but I am no more restricted to that class of magic than an evocater is limited to making explosions, or a summoner is limited to creating short-lived youkai automata. Elementalism is a high study, but my interests have deviated into other branches. One passing interest, as shown by prior events, is the structure and health of humanoid bodies. I have found use for this research more often than I care to consider.

My scan showed no damage but that what was obvious. Cold, contusions and nervous shock.

Sakuya stood not far behind me, both hands bunched up near her chin. One of the rare events which worry her is harm done to the mansion’s other senior staff.

“Is she all right?” she said.

I lowered my hand from Koa’s head, opened my eyes.

“Yes,” I said. “She will recover with rest.”

Sakuya eased, sighed in relief. I did not allow it to be seen, but I shared her feeling.

Remilia came to my side. She took hold of my sleeve and tugged.

“We should let Koa rest,” she said. “Sakuya will look after her.”

“Yes, Mistress,” I said.

Remilia turned to leave the room. I gave Sakuya a nod, which she returned, and then I followed my mistress. I closed the bedroom door behind us as we went out into the hall.

“You desired to speak with me?” I said.

“Yes,” said Remilia. “But someplace comfortable. Let’s go to the observatory.”

“As you wish.”





We were already on the top floor. The observatory was on the other side of the mansion, but the walk there was far too brief by my desires. Only one with no understanding of my relationship to Remilia would expect me to fear rebuke or scolding from her. Even if she intended such, I had no feelings of guilt or indignation. I was not always immediately pleased with her wishes, but she was my mistress by youkai law, as we had both agreed long ago, and she had lived much longer than I. If my behavior dissatisfied her, I had hitherto accepted her will as superior to my own, and I would adjust my behavior accordingly. She is the only being who deserves my obedience.

This evening’s discussion, however, would contain no rebuke or scold. It was something much worse.

We came to the observatory. This room becomes quite cold in the wintertime. The massive glass dome ceiling provides an excellent open view of the sky, especially when spells are used that allow the ceiling to act as a magnifier. But glass is a poor insulator of warmth. The observatory also becomes uncomfortably hot during summer days, due to energy that enters as solar rays but cannot escape as heat. The outside world calls this a greenhouse effect, for reasons my research has yet to determine. The mistress has before consulted with me about adding additional enchantments to the room, allowing it to retain heat in the winter and release it in the summer. Such workings are technically possible, but due to the room’s size and glass’s physical nature, any thermal management spells of that scale would necessarily be complicated. So complicated, in fact, that they would to interfere with the magic already in place. My mistress finds this an unacceptable side effect, so we endure the seasonal temperature extremes. Our solution in the summer months is to abandon the observatory during the day. Our solution in the winter months is to keep the observatory’s furniture well stocked with comforters.

Is it not obvious how desperately I wished to avoid this conversation with Remilia? Even in retrospect, I find myself weaving frivolous tangents of blankets and thermal retention. I will deviate no further.

My mistress entered the room before me. I closed the door behind us, and followed her to the room’s center. Armchairs, couches and love seats were positioned around a study table. Sparklamps around the room kept it lit. Remilia went to each of them, briefly putting a hand on the glass orbs. Their light died at her touch. The room gradually fell into darkness.

“We won’t need these,” she said. “They’re just making the room colder, anyway.”

Once the last lamp had lost its light, Remilia went to the center of the room. She climbed onto the right cushion of a love seat, digging into the comforters that covered it. Once she had buried half of herself under fabric, she patted the seat beside her.

“Come sit,” she said.

With the room darkened, I could see my mistress’s position only by the twin scarlet points of her eyes. I stepped towards her, but hesitated at her recommended choice of seating. Sitting side by side is an intimate position for a conversation. To sit facing one another, in separate armchairs, is more detached and professional. Yet my mistress knows me well, and she reacted to this doubt as if I had spoken it aloud.

“Sit next to me, Patchouli,” she said. “Don’t make me wrestle you down and tie you to the couch.”

Remilia never makes idle threats. I did as she asked. I sat beside her, layering the comforters over myself as she had. I wedged my hind into the corner of the cushions, keeping all possible distance between Remilia and myself. She did not close that gap, staying on her side of the love seat. I was relieved that she respected my personal space.

The observatory was dark. Silent, but for our breathing.

“So,” said Remilia. “Want to tell me what happened?”

I took a moment to gather my thoughts. What was there to tell? There was only the truth, which deserved no shame or hurt. I could find no way to justify this emotional pain. But it was there, and it persisted. I wished I could ignore it, leave it untouched, like a child who fights against having a wound disinfected. A cut cleaned is agonizing. But leaving it to fester is worse.

“I decided to go for a walk,” I said. “I took Koakuma with me.”

“A walk?” said Remilia. “You? The only walking you ever do is between bookshelves.”

“Your surprise is understandable. I experienced it myself. After I had given Flandre her birthday gift, I did mean to return to the library. But I found the prospect unappealing.”

“Why do you think that is?”

I shook my head. “I am unsure. The library is my haven. My work and livelihood take place there. It is where I provide my services to this household. And yet, after Flandre’s birthday party and all that led to it, I had a brief, very strong, very different perception of the library. Perhaps it is not a goal unto itself, but a mean to certain ends. Additionally, excessive amounts of time spent in the library seemed to have weakened parts of me that it was never meant to strengthen.”

“Which parts?” said Remilia.

I closed my eyes. I could have discussed this with none other than my mistress.

“How I treat you,” I said. “And I use the second-person pronoun in its plural, referring to all the mansion’s senior staff, which is not indicated by the phonetics of the current language’s—”

Remilia laughed. “You don’t have to add grammatical annotations. I know what you meant. Keep going.”

“First, most obviously, between us two, my rude assumption earlier this evening.”

“Rude assumption? When was that?”

“I claimed the library’s fairies as my own. You corrected me of that misconception.”

“Oh,” said Remilia. “Well, to be fair, they are yours in a sense. I couldn’t manage them as well as you do. But go on.”

“Second, I confronted Sakuya as she prepared dinner, and I was none too gentle. Ignoring her preoccupation, when she reacted to my challenge, I did not peacefully withdraw as I could have. I effectively threatened her with violence if she did not withdraw first.”

“She complained to me about that afterward,” said Remilia.

“Third, how I reacted to China when she presented her gift to Flandre. I questioned China on the magnetic disc’s origin, but she had no useful answer. I allowed myself to become angry with her indiscriminate stupidity. Granted, her intelligence quotient competes only with some pathogens, but intelligence is not her contribution to House Scarlet. I should no sooner be angry with myself for being unable to run one hundred yards in under a minute.”

“But still blast China whenever she gets cocky,” said Remilia. “I guess we all do.”

“Her attitude, combined with her physical speed and strength, make disciplinary action necessary. Her rapid recovery minimizes consequence.”

“True,” said Remilia. “I think I understand why you didn’t want to return to the library.”

“Please enlighten me.”

“Because, for the first time in a long while, you stopped reversing the subject and object. The library may be your favorite place in all of Gensokyo. You may spend most of your life down there. There’s nothing wrong with that, just so long as you keep a vital fact in mind. Just like a youkai serves its master, that library serves you, not vice versa. For too long, you’ve lived as if you existed for the library’s sake. That’s wrong. It exists for yours.”

My mistress’s words sunk into me and became meaning, but I rebelled. I was too old to allow myself into such a childish mentality. I would not identify myself so heavily with my work that it became more important than me, or those close to me.

But did my own misgivings not prove that Remilia spoke true? I had too readily left the library with the slightest infringement on my arbitrarily defined domain. I could not return to that domain even when I thought I wanted to.

“Perhaps.” My voice was a whisper.

“Definitely,” said Remilia. “The library isn’t a leg iron. If you want to go for a walk, then you should go for a walk. Speaking of which, you listed off all but one of us. You left out Koa.”

Indeed I had. It was of her that I least wished to speak. I sat, staring into the dark observatory.

“Patchouli,” said Remilia. “Tell me about Koa.”

“I,” was the only word I could speak before my voice broke. Heat climbed up my neck, stuffing my nose and watering my eyes. I cringed at the pain of it. I put a hand over my face.

“I treat her poorly,” I said. My voice was thick and wet. “She has done nothing but serve me humbly and I am short and brusque with her. I should treat her more like a subordinate and less like a slave.”

The blankets rumbled around me. Remilia got onto her hands and knees and crawled over to me. She did not touch me, but her bright red eyes were close.

“That’s twice now,” she said. “You’ve used the word should as if appealing to a moral standard.”

My nose ran, and I sniffed.

“What moral standard?” I said. “This is completely arbitrary. There is no reason—”

“You’ve already heard my arguments on that topic.”

I sniffed again, ran a palm over my cheeks to dry them. “Your assertion of the existence of a monotheistic God, though well precedented, is hardly substantiated.”

I must admit, my words sounded fairly ridiculous when voiced while weeping.

“I’m not talking about God,” she said. “Whether He exists or not doesn’t have to be the main point here. What matters is what’s going on inside you. You feel guilty for something. Something’s eating you inside. Tell me what it is.”

“I already said. My treatment of Koa—”

“No!” Remilia put a hand on my cheek, lifting my face and looking into my eyes. “There’s more. Say it.”

It built inside me, rising from the depths. It rose, the pressure building, until I could not hold it in. It sputtered out like a sloppy, emotional volcano.

“Why did I take her with me?” I said. The tears ran free. “I put her in needless danger. And even when I saw that danger, I was too busy playing with magical toys to protect her. She deserves better than that. She suffered too much at our family’s hands already. She—I....”

And I could speak no more. My words degraded into incoherent blubbering, and Remilia hugged me. She wrapped her arms around my head and shoulders, pressing my face to her chest. I cried, and I was ashamed.





She held me for a time, bearing my self-loathing grief. My tears calmed, and I was humbled enough to enjoy the warmth of another’s touch. I hugged Remilia back.

“For what it’s worth,” she said, “you’re being too hard on yourself. Going for a walk at night is a little strange, I’ll admit, but it shouldn’t be a problem for someone like you. You had no way to know that thing, whatever it was, would show up and attack you two. And even when you realized the threat, you weren’t equipped to fight it. If it killed both you and Koa, it wouldn’t have been your fault.”

“I care nothing for fault,” I said, muffled into her dress. “I care about results. If Koa had been hurt worse than she was—”

“Then the world would end and everyone would die in flaming agony. People would start traveling faster than light and dividing by zero. And guess what? There’s not a thing you could do about it.”

I had no response.

“But it’s useless to fear would have’s and could have’s,” she said. “My centuries of experience have led me to believe that there only ever is one time line possibility. People make their free choices in any given situation because, by their personalities, they could have made no other choice. Other factors that appear random, like weather or economy or wildlife, aren’t truly random. Like throwing a pair of dice, it’s strictly possible to predict which sides will land face up, but the factors are so numerous that they’re impractical to calculate.”

I pulled my face from her dress, just far enough so that I could speak.

“Your argument is a variation on predestination,” I said. “The idea negates free will.”

“Don’t go reversing the cause and effect again. Predestination says that the universe is already created for you. My idea is that you create the universe as you go. You can choose to make it however you want, but realize that your life could be no other way, because you chose to make it so. Not because life chose for you.”

Again, I was silent.

“And another thing,” she said. “I’m not saying that we should never consider hypotheticals, simply because we use words like would have and could have when discussing them. Hypothetical thinking is okay, but fearing what might be, or might have been, is not okay. Beating yourself up over the fact that Koa might have been more seriously injured is like to stabbing yourself with an imaginary knife. Luckily for all parties involved, I showed up and killed the monster. That’s what happened. Worrying other possibilities is just foolish.”

The moment had passed, and Remilia and I released each other. She sat back onto the love seat, though closer than she had been before. I sniffed and wiped my face dry. I was embarrassed. I hoped this evening would never be known to any but my mistress and myself. Even this exposure was mortifying.

“What made you come?” I said. “How did you know Koa and I were in danger?”

“I didn’t,” she said, settling back into the covers. “After dinner, I was in my study to read for a bit before bedtime. I heard the strangest thing, a far off noise like rat-tat-tat, rat-tat-tat. I’ve never heard anything like it. I assume that was you.”

“It was. An experimental spell. It is much nosier than I intended. I might have awaken half of Gensokyo.”

“But a good thing, in this case,” said Remilia. “A thing unusual can be either dangerous or an opportunity, so I went to investigate. For the danger possibility, I grabbed a spellcard on my way out. I heard Koa’s screaming while I was en route, and that convinced me to pick up the pace. If I had gone at a flat sprint the whole way, I could have stopped that thing from hurting Koa.” She took a deep breath, let it out. “I’m sorry that I didn’t, but so it was. I did what I could.”

“Which seems markedly superior to what I could,” I said. “Can you explain the nature of the spell you used?”

She nodded. “I made my Divine Spear spell to allow real-time alteration, even after conjuration. The instruction set is huge and complicated, but I’ve had a lot of time to work on that kind of thing. I knew we were dealing with something serious when that monster had gotten the best of you, of all people. An elementalist’s powers copy the power of nature. That power couldn’t kill the monster only if it was something wholly unnatural.”

“That is an interesting thought.”

Remilia held up both hands, her fingertips together as if she held up an invisible globe between her palms.

“You recall the fundamentals of the microscopic structure of matter, right?” she said. “Your books call them molecules and atoms, if I remember. My spell worked by breaking the bonds between the smallest bits of that monster’s body. The process wasn’t at all efficient or complete. It requires massive degrees of power. It’s hard doing it even once. But I managed to separate the monster into parts that were too small to contain any appreciable amount of magical energy. Then they couldn’t self-motivate, so they couldn’t reform. And just in case that wasn’t enough, I shot them into the sky and scattered them all over Gensokyo.”

“Very clever,” I said. “Laws of conservation prevent the outright destruction of matter, so you exploited the material capacity principle. May we perform further research on this?”

“Of course. If one of those things showed up, there might be more. But there’s something more important at the moment.” Remilia unburied herself from the covers and hopped off the love seat. “I’m ready for bed, and you need to go sit with Koa.”

I did as she, climbing out of the cushions, but the dread returned with a flourish. My wound was freshly cleaned, and I least wished to begin prodding it.

“Koa?” I said.

Remilia took my hand in her own. She began walking to the observatory exit, pulling me along.

“Sakuya’s exhausted,” she said. “She’s going to nod off if I make her stay with Koa any longer. You should be there instead.”

“I am in a worse condition than Sakuya,” I said.

“That’s beside the point. You’re the one who needs to be there.”

“May I ask why?”

She stopped, looked back at me.

“Isn’t it obvious? Hasn’t your heartbreak taught you anything?”

I only looked at her, confused.

Remilia sighed, as one who patiently and repeatedly tells a truth to another who is barely able to comprehend.

“You feel guilt,” she said. “You feel like you’ve done something terrible and wrong and despicable. But ironically, that feeling shows great virtue. Simply put, it shows that you love Koa.”

Once more, she struck home. The wound peeled open and seared in the air. I put both hands over my face, and I cried. My mistress was there for me.





I walked into the bedroom where Koakuma lay recovering. I held a heavy book under one arm. Sakuya indeed slept on the job. She sat in the armchair beside the bed, her head on her shoulder, her breast regularly rising and falling with each breath. I went across the room, took her by the arm and shook her awake.

Sakuya’s eyes pulled open and her head righted itself. She looked at me as if she had never seen me before.

“Huh?” she said.

“I am your relief,” I said, keeping my voice soft. “Go to bed. I will watch after Koa.”

“Oh,” said Sakuya. “All right.”

She stood, managing her wobbly legs beneath her, and made for the door. She rubbed her eyes as she went. Though now taller than me, she never ceased to be that little human girl from so few years ago. The girl who cried for Remilia’s attention and giggled with delight when I read to her.

Sakuya closed the door behind her, leaving me alone with Koa. I sat in the armchair and wiggled myself into the cushions. The night before me was long.

Perhaps at the noise of my arrival, Koa stirred in bed. She inhaled deeply. Her eyes opened. She looked around the room, saw me sitting beside her.

“Lady?” she said. “What?”

As she spoke, she brought a hand to her face, but immediately regretted it. She touched her bruises. She clenched her teeth, hissing in pain.

“Stay still,” I said. “You are hurt.”

“What happened?” she said. “Did the monster—”

“Gone,” I said. “Completely obliterated. You are safe. Rest now, and speak no more.”

She turned her head to face me, and gave a weary smile.

“Thank you, Lady,” she said. “Thank you for protecting me.”

My throat closed. I swallowed, and the first moisture of tears underlined my eyes.

“Do not thank me,” I said. “Rest.”

Koa’s head rolled back, and her eyes closed. After several minutes, her breathing had again regulated to that of sleep. I opened my book at the first page and began reading. But even as I read, as I recognized the pattern of writing as letters, the pattern of letters as words, of words as sentences, sentences as ideas, and ideas as meaning, a deeper truth warmed me. I was happy, I found. Happy to do the work, to peruse subjects that interested me. Happy to write the spells and organize the books and spend long, comfortable evenings gradually absorbing their knowledge.

All that, I realize, is meaningless in absence of foundational happiness. All my efforts and duties are worth while only for those who are close to me. I am grateful for my mistress, for Flandre, Sakuya, Koa, and even China. They make possible my joys, and for that, they ever have my love. 
Life can grow.

This rule was taught to me in my early days, and I know it to be truth. As I’ve aged and worked, I’ve seen proof of it all around me. A small seed planted, given water and soil and sunlight, will grow into a beautiful cherry tree. A human child born, given time and commitment and love, will grow into an intelligent person. A group of people, given trust and understanding, will become a family.

Don’t mistake the word grow to mean only physical growth. The most important progressions happen on a purely spiritual level. A child learns to read, and discovers a love of books. A girl picks up an instrument, teaches herself to play, and realizes a passion for music. A man, driven to anger and pride when young, becomes sweet and kind in his elder years.

A student of swordsmanship somehow becomes a gardener.

I looked up from my work, wiping my brow. I realized the meaning of that gesture, looking at the light glaze of sweat on the back of my hand. I was the only being here that could sweat. A mortal dwelling in the immortal realm. Normally such things are impossible, but I’m the exception to the rule.

Or to be exact, I’m half of an exception.

I am Youmu Konpaku, retainer to the Saigyouji line that rules the netherworld gardens of Hakugyokuro. All those strange names are enough to intimidate people from learning more about us. That’s because I’m on the inside, explaining outwards. If we start from the outside and work in, it will make more sense.

Imagine a very large arboretum, planted full with all different breeds of the cherry tree prunus serrulata. Picture rows upon rows of the trees, separated into loose grids by cobblestone walkways. Now add some depth to the image, where some plots of land are higher than others. Some trees sit on hills, others in valleys. Stone staircases run up and down, crossing over themselves in tangles that defy the eye. Shallow streamlets run through the gardens, coming from and going to nowhere in particular. The water is crystalline blue, a sharp and lovely contrast to the pink and red from the cherry trees. Where the walking paths meet the streams, small wooden bridges let the walkway go uninterrupted. All in all, the place looks like someone’s dream of paradise.

Hakugyokuro is the resting place for the worldly country Gensokyo. The humans who die there come here for a time. They don’t stay here forever, and what happens to them after is a mystery. Perhaps their spirits are reincarnated into a new generation, in Gensokyo or elsewhere. Maybe they move on to a grander afterlife, where some God presides over eternal heavens. It doesn’t matter to me. My business is Hakugyokuro, and serving its master.

I enjoy the company of the ghosts, as long as they’re here. You wouldn’t guess it, but the recently deceased are a delightful group of people. Some are killed from a sudden accident, others from long and painful illness. But none carry the shock or bitterness of death when coming to Hakugyokuro. This place won’t admit a spirit that keeps physical worries after leaving its body. Not that we don’t want them, but they don’t want us. They fear entering this place will mean their destruction, like a shadow ceasing to exist when exposed to sunlight. That very fear, that inability to let go of the self, is what keeps a soul from moving on.

I mourn for those trapped by their own fearful hearts, but I’m happy to meet those who come here. They talk with me, tell me of their lives and deaths. They ask about me, how I like my job in the netherworld. I don’t have much to say on the topic, and they respect my privacy. Rarely do the ghosts annoy me. Most of them are too nice.

There are rare cases, though. Like today. One particularly persistent ghost wouldn’t leave me alone. I was busy sweeping the last of the fallen cherry petals from the walkways. Autumn was over. Winter had begun. I wanted to finish my work and go indoors, enjoy a hot cup of tea while reading a good book.

But this bothersome ghost enjoyed making my job difficult. I finished scooting a huge pile of cherry petals to the side of the path. The ghost sat on a tree branch above me, looking down at my work.

“What a fine job, Youmu!” she said. “That’s the best pile of petals you’ve swept together. Ever!”

“No different from the thousands of others,” I said. I knelt down beside the mound of petals, ready to scoop it into a big bag.

“Oh no, Youmu. Don’t you know that beauty is in the eye of the beholder? And I behold this to be both beautiful and functional. Like a haystack that a child jumps into from the barn loft.”

I looked up. “Like a what?”

She jumped from the branch, landed in my hard work. Cherry petals exploded in all directions. I got a face full of them. The ghost rolled around in them, like a kitten scratching its back on the ground. Her hair was about the same color as the petals, but her clothes weren’t. She wore a light blue kimono, and a matching nightcap with a ghostly-shaped swirl on front.

I stood, my hands bunched into fists. My jaw clenched. Petals falling from my face. My first instinct was to bare my swords, use them to eliminate whoever dare interrupt my duties. But I couldn’t draw weapons against this ghost, no matter if she ruined my work.

Sadly, this ghost was the reason I was working.

“Yuyuko-sama!” I yelled at her.

The ghost sat up, having scattered most of the cherry petals. She put a fist to the side of her head. She had that look on her face, Uh oh, I’m getting scolded now. Childish and helpless. Being covered in cherry petals made it ridiculous.

“I spent half an hour sweeping that up!” I said. “How could you—”

“I’m so sorry, Youmu!” She hopped to her feet and clamped me into a crushing hug. She had her arms around my head, squeezing me into her chest.

I moaned, tried to push her away. But she held me tighter. She was stronger than me, which is ironic given she had no muscles to flex or bones to hold them up. When in the ethereal world, ghosts can choose which physical laws to obey. This one was obeying the law of Squish Youmu’s head until brains come out her ears.

“I feel bad for ruining your hard work,” she said, laying on a few more pounds per square inch. “I need your help so badly. I had to get your attention somehow.”

“You haff it,” I said, muffled into her kimono. “Now pleaf remoof your breafs from my fafe.”

She pulled her ample bosom out of my eyes, giving me room to breathe. But she didn’t let me go. Hands on my shoulders, she leaned down to put her face on level with mine. Her eyes were pink, but a darker shade than her hair. The same contrast as cherry tree in full blossom. Despite her unusual colors, she was not youkai.

“We’re both girls here,” she said. “No need to be shy, right?”

“Suffocation is a more immediate concern than modesty,” I said. “For what did you need my help?”

“Oh yes.” Yuyuko stood up straight, keeping one hand on my shoulder. “We have guests coming soon, Youmu. Important, powerful guests. Guest that will demand proper reception and hospitality. We must guide them in, show them the grounds. Sit down for tea and discuss trivial things. Serve them a grand dinner to show our esteem.” She put her free hand over her eyes, ashamed. “But I’m at a loss! I don’t know what to feed them.”

“All of our guests have outgrown their eating habit,” I said.

“Oh no.” Yuyuko looked down at me. “These guests aren’t ghosts. They’re not even human. But they’re alive, and they’ll have appetites.”

I didn’t like the sound of that. Yuyuko only knew one and a half premortem beings. I was the half. The other was a youkai woman whose company I didn’t enjoy.

“Your… friend?” I said.

“Yes.” Yuyuko smiled. She let go of my shoulder, looked off into the trees. “It’s been a while since she’s visited us, hasn’t it? She has a shikigami now, you know. Not only that, but her shikigami has one too! Can you imagine? A servant’s servant, and a master’s master. Isn’t that silly?”

“Less so than some things,” I said.

“Even so.” Yuyuko turned back to me. “This meeting has a lot of significance. It’s the reunion of old friends, and the celebration of new ones. And a planning session for the future! Such an important gathering requires a meal of equal importance.”

“Planning the future?” I said. “What are—OUCH!”

Yuyuko grabbed me, but not my physical self. She put a hand in the air, about a foot above and to the right of my head. There she made a fist, took hold of an invisible thing that gave like soft flesh. She had my ghost in her grip.

“No time for chat, Youmu!” She headed down the cobblestone path, dragging me by the spirit. “A grand meal is needed at the house, along with the pint-sized gardener who’s going to cook it.”

I followed, like a child pulled along by the ear.




Confusion arises when discussing the netherworld, because of the contextual meaning of some terms. The word human is a good example. It means different things in different conversations. Let me clarify.

A human is a being composed of both an ethereal spirit and physical flesh. The body is originally made from its mother, and kept alive by the consumption of food. The spirit occupies this body from conception to death, and then leaves the body behind. This definition of human is opposed to youkai, beings born from accumulations of magical energy. Whether youkai have definable spirits is unknown, but no fairy soul has ever passed through Hakugyokuro.

From this point of view, Yuyuko and I are both human. We are not youkai, as our physical forms didn’t come from magic. Yuyuko has long since left behind her physical half. She has ruled over Hakugyokuro for centuries, but in spirit only. I suppose her body has decomposed in the soil beneath Gensokyo. Yuyuko is still very alive, not to mention careless and simple, but only in the immortal sense.

As for me, I’m both alive and mortal, but not as an ordinary human would know it. The Konpaku bloodline is a race of half-ghosts, beings whose physical and ethereal selves occupy separate space.

If you were to look at me in daylight, you would see a human girl. I have physical characteristics. I’m short. My hair is so blonde that it’s nearly colorless, as my father’s was. I offset my hair with a black bow. I wear a dress and vest emblazoned with the ghost crest of my heritage. Strapped to my lower back are two sheathed swords, one short and one long. Hakurouken and Roukanken, the blades are named. I look more like a female samurai than the barefooted farm girls you find inhabiting Gensokyo, but there’s nothing supernatural to see about me.

Until night falls. Starlight and moonlight are somehow different than the daytime sun. When you see me in the dark, you might mistake me for two people. Two girls who look very alike. Twins perhaps. But then you’d notice one girl’s feet didn’t touch the ground as she walked. You’d notice one girl had pale skin, and the other’s was beyond pale. Not all there. Ghostly, in fact.

Many have asked me what it’s like being a half-ghost. The people I talk to have been physical and ethereal, but not both at the same time. They want to know what it feels like.

The truth is, I don’t know how it feels. I’ve never been anything other than a half-ghost, so I can’t compare it to anything. Most humans have spirits either within living a living body, or without a dead one. I simply have both circumstances, a spirit outside live flesh. The two are connected, but not in direct contact. I have both physical and spiritual senses. I can see, touch, taste, smell and hear. I can walk into a couple’s bedroom and know whether they spent the night before fighting or making love, by the spiritual energies that permeate the space and surfaces of the room.

People tell me they can’t imagine living as a half-ghost. I tell them I can’t imagine living as anything else. I am Konpaku.





Yuyuko and I walked past uncounted cherry trees, all bare of their blossoms now that winter had begun. Hakugyokuro experiences seasons as the mortal world does. We go through cycles of winter and summer, spring and fall. Night and day. Rain and shine. Our environmental changes are only less harsh than the neighboring worldly territory, Gensokyo. Summer is a season of rejuvenating warmth, rather than oppressive heat. Winter is a time of cozy cuddling under blankets, rather than shivering fear of hypothermia. Spring and fall are pleasant transitions between the two.

As we headed back to the house, the air around us was cool and clean. There was no sun, but the light in the sky was deepening and reddening. The netherworld was letting us know that the day’s work was done. It was time to go indoors, eat a delicious meal and spend time with loved ones. And after that, time to lie down and rest, content with the day’s happenings, happily looking forward to tomorrow.

It’s paradise. I love living here.

We mounted a hill, looking over the center of Hakugyokuro below us. Our house was down there, but it was hardly noticeable beside the biggest cherry tree in the gardens.

“Isn’t she lovely?” said Yuyuko. Her feet were six inches above the ground as she floated down the hillside. “You think she’ll bloom next spring?”

I followed her, but said nothing. The tree up ahead was larger than anything else bearing the name tree. It’s trunk was larger in diameter than a feudal lord’s mansion. A massive network of roots spread out from its base, webbing out in all directions across Hakugyokuro’s landscape. The roots bulged up near the trunk before gradually disappearing into the ground, making mounds a grown man couldn’t easily climb over. Its huge system of branches fanned out against the pastel sky, bare like the rest of the gardens. But not because of the season. This tree never bloomed. In my heart of hearts, I was grateful. Cleaning up after it would mean days of sweeping, bagging, and hauling fallen cherry petals.

Of course, I wouldn’t tell Yuyuko my feelings on that matter.

“Youmu?” she looked back at me. Waiting for an answer.

“I don’t know, Yuyuko-sama,” I said.

Her shoulders drooped, her face sad. She turned and hovered down the path, bobbing up and down as she went. I stayed close behind. I wished I could give her the answer she wanted, but I wouldn’t lie to my mistress.

We made it down the hill, headed towards the house. It’s an eastern-style home, complete with Oriental architecture and design. Low ceilings. Sliding screen doors. Mat flooring. We have a kotatsu, a table atop of a small burner and covered with a heavy blanket. There’s even a garden out back, where I grow beans and vegetables.

As we approached the house, I walked ahead of Yuyuko. I hopped up onto the wooden deck and slid the screen door aside, holding it open for her. She went inside, floating past me.

“Do you know when the guests will arrive?” I said.

She didn’t need to answer. I saw a flash of light in the corner of my eye. I turned, reaching back for one of my swords. Not that there was a threat, but my weapons are habit when something surprises me.

The light came from the peak of the hill that Yuyuko and I had just descended. There was a break in the air there, a dark fissure opening in the shape of an evil grin. A gap.

“That must be her now,” said Yuyuko. “Go greet them, would you?”

The screen door slid shut.





I rushed from the house and back up the hill, keeping a hold on both my swords as I ran. I reached the hilltop sweating and panting, but in time to receive the visitors.

The dark gap hung seven feet off the ground, tied on either end with a non-material ribbon. I looked up at it, but not into it. I knew it was a means of transportation to those who used it, but I never wanted to travel in such a fashion. I didn’t care to know what darkness existed behind my reality.

Three lighted silhouettes appeared against the darkness inside the gap. The figures were small at first, but grew rapidly as if approaching from distance at great speed. They took on humanoid shape and size, and were suddenly out of the gap. It closed behind them, and they were here. Their feet were on the same ground as mine.

Three people stood before me, side by side. On the right stood a tall and powerful woman, and only in some ways did she seem human. Her face was pretty, but lined and careworn, like a mother aged early from worry. She wore heavy robes embroidered on front with characters of the old language. Her clothes didn’t hide the thick bands and slabs of muscle that stood off her body. She wore an odd two-pointed nightcap, no doubt covering animal ears atop her head. Even more, the fluffy plumage of many red-orange tails stuck out the back of her dress. A fox youkai. She carried a heavy bag in one hand, filled with what I couldn’t tell.

On the left stood the shortest of the three, a gawky young girl barely taller than me. She looked like a cross between a schoolchild and a feral cat. She wore a simple dress and vest. A green artist’s beret sat on her head, between up-pointing feline ears. Upon seeing me, the cat girl grinned. Her mouth was full of sharp teeth.

Standing between these two was a woman of ordinary height. She had no bestial features, but was more than human. Her hair was long and golden, cascading down her back in loose ringlets. Her eyes were deep lavender. She was clothed like an aristocrat’s wife, wearing an expensive dress and carrying a frilly parasol.

I didn’t know the two animals, but I knew their mistress far too well. Here was the most powerful youkai in existence. I bowed to her deeply.

“Mistress of the Boundary, Yakumo Yukari-sama,” I said. “It is both honor and delight to have you visit. I beg your forgiveness, but I know not your companions.”

The grand youkai woman laughed, holding a gloved hand over her mouth. Her voice was full and rich.

“Still with the archaic introductions,” she said. “Get with the times, Youmu. No one calls their masters sama anymore. And besides, you think I can’t see through such a thinly veiled attempt to learn the identity of intruders?”

I stood up straight, but said nothing. I looked her in the eye. I wouldn’t have dared had we been in the mortal world, but I needn’t fear her here. This was Yuyuko’s realm.

Yukari laughed again. “And you don’t even deny it! You haven’t changed at all, Youmu.” She gestured to her left. “This is my shikigami, Ran.” To her right. “And this is her shikigami, Chen. Both of you, this is Youmu Konpaku. Yuyuko’s servant. Say hello.”

The fox woman, Ran, nodded to me, keeping one arm folded into her robe. She grumbled, “Hello.”

The cat girl, Chen, stepped up to me. She looked me up and down, then clapped a hand on my head. My black ribbon crushed under her palm. Her claws dug into my hair. My instinct was to flip out a blade and remove her arm from the elbow down, but I stayed still.

“You’re short!” she said, grinning and clenching the crown of my head.

“So I am,” I said. “But my swords are very long.”

The smile fell from her face. I had confused her. She wasn’t much smarter than her feline likeness, I could already tell.

An angry growl came from the fox woman, like an animal warning another to stay away from its prey. I took one second to realize she wasn’t growling at me.

“Chen,” said Ran. “Unhand her.”

The cat made a hmphing sound, as if I was no longer good enough for her. She let go of me, went back to Yukari’s side.

I bowed again, pretending none of that had happened.

“Yukari, Ran and Chen of House Yakumo. I welcome you to Hakugyokuro. Yuyuko-sama is awaiting your arrival. Please come with me.”

I turned and headed down the hill. Yukari followed me, tapping the tip of her parasol to the ground like a walking cane. Ran took Chen by the hand and brought up the rear.

Yukari looked up to the immense bare cherry tree that defined Hakugyokuro’s skyline. It was easy to tell her thoughts by the look on her face. Awe and disappointment. Just like Yuyuko.

“The Saigyou Ayakashi seems bigger every time I see it,” said Yukari. “Has it bloomed yet, Youmu?”

“No,” I said, not looking at her.

“Amazing.” Yukari glanced back at her two shikigami. “Take a good look. You’ll never see its like in Gensokyo. No tree this large could exist in the mortal world. It’s still alive, perhaps even growing. But it never blossoms.”

“I don’t like this place,” said Ran. “Natural laws are not obeyed.”

“Who would name a dumb old tree?” said Chen.

“Don’t be rude, you two.” said Yukari. “That tree is very important to our host. It’s a symbol of her power and status as the ruler of the netherworld.”

“Similar to your Boundary?” said Ran.

“Yes,” said Yukari. “Very similar indeed.”





I led the Yakumos down to the house. Yukari could call me archaic, but it wouldn’t keep my mistress from a proper greeting. When we reached the lot before the house, under the great tree’s shadow, I turned and faced the guests.

“If you would please wait here,” I said. “I will announce your arrival to Yuyuko-sama.”

Yukari smiled, no doubt finding me utterly amusing.

“As you wish,” she said.

I nodded, and would have turned back to the house. I wasn’t fast enough. Before I could move, the screen door slammed open. Out rushed a blur of blue kimono and pink hair. Yuyuko didn’t notice me standing there, and her knees clipped my shoulders, knocking me face down to the ground. Tackling me didn’t slow her at all, and she rammed into Yukari with a full-forced hug.

“Yuka-reeeee!” Yuyuko squealed. “It’s so good to see you!”

Yukari had better balance than I. She only returned Yuyuko’s hug, patting her on the back.

“You too, my little ghostly child,” she said. They held each other like friends long parted. I didn’t see much of this, instead reconciling my sudden intimate acquaintance with the ground before Yuyuko’s front porch.

By the time I had enough of my wits to realize what happened, I saw a pair of leathern shoes peaking out from under a long robe. I looked up, saw Ran standing over me. She still held the sack in one hand, and Chen’s hand in the other. The cat girl folded in her lips, trying not to laugh at me.

“Are you all right?” said Ran.

“Yes,” I said, hoping not to swallow any dirt. I spat once, as gracefully as one can spit. I pushed my self up slowly, making sure none of my parts were broken. I brushed the dirt off my dress. “Such is standard procedure here, I’m afraid to say.”

“I see,” said Ran, completely serious. “It’s good to know I’m not the only one treated so by her mistress.”

I looked up at her, wondering what she meant. I had a hard time imagining anyone who could knock down such a muscle-laden beast as Ran. But if one stronger person existed, it would be Yukari.

“Youmu!” called Yuyuko from the house’s front door. She and Yukari had gone behind me while I recovered. “Dinner’s waiting! For you to cook it!”
After ensuring my mistress and her guests were settled in the front room, I went back into the kitchen. While they chattered whatever it is immortals talk about, I would prepare a plate of tea and crackers as an appetizer. That would tide them over and give me time to make diner.

Upon stepping into the kitchen, I first took off my swords and rested them in a corner. As much as I hate having them out of reach, they get in the way while I’m cooking. I tied on an apron, got some timber burning in the wood stove, washed my hands under the water pump. When I had a good fire going, I turned to get a tea kettle from the cabinet. I jumped in surprise to see Ran standing behind me. I let out an embarrassingly girlish yelp. I resented this fox woman for taking me off guard.

“Goodness’s sake!” I said, catching my breath. “Please go back to the front room. I’ll bring out dinner when it’s ready.”

Ran stood still. Chen wasn’t with her, but she still held that heavy sack. She looked around the kitchen, judging. I couldn’t tell whether she thought good or ill of the place. It was obviously smaller than she would have it. The tips of her hat grazed the ceiling.

She looked down at me. “I will help you cook.”

“That isn’t necessary,” I said.

“It is.” Her voice was always deep and even. “You have amenities here I thought were reserved for mortals. A physical dwelling. Running water. Wood to burn. I saw the garden out back. But one thing you lack is the flesh of dead things.” She stepped over to the cutting board on the counter. She hoisted the bag onto it, then tore away from its contents. There sat a large chunk of raw meat, big enough to feed several men. She began looking through the various drawers, trying to find a suitable butcher knife.

“I eat meat at my meals,” she said. “You might be satisfied with a vegetarian diet, but I’m not.”

“Eat whatever you wish,” I said. “But at least stay out of my kitchen. It isn’t a guest’s place. I can cook—”

She looked back at me, and her face alone silenced me. My breath caught in my chest. She seemed even less human than she had one minute ago. The fur on her tails bristled. Her eyes glowed bright orange, showing some youkai energy inside her.

“You have no meat here,” she said. “I won’t trust a good side of pork to one who’s never prepared it before. I will cook dinner. You may either help, and show me where the knives are in this abominably organized kitchen, or go and keep Chen company.”

My mouth hung open for a moment, but I closed it. I swallowed, took a deep breath. This was ridiculous. I was being ordered around by a guest. I ached for the weight of my swords on my back, but they were on the far side of the room, and I would have to pass Ran to get them.

What a short temper she had. But admittedly, mine was not much better. I rose to anger as quickly as she, and over such a trivial thing. Who cared whose hands made dinner? It was a disservice to my mistress and her guests to argue over it. Ran made the same mistake, but I chose to be the bigger person. Which is ironic, given our difference in stature.

“Very well,” I said. “We’ll both prepare dinner. Many hands make light work. But I hope you don’t expect to earn any allies with such an attitude.”

“No,” she said. “I’ve yet to determine whether you are an ally worth having. If I do, I’ll find another way.”

I nodded, pointed towards her. “Knives are in the leftmost drawer.”

She looked down at the drawer, opened it, found what she was looking for. She took out the heaviest cleaver and went to work on her pork.

“Thank you,” she said. “Let’s begin.”





We made dinner. Ran cut the meat into slices and prepared it in different ways, seasoning the smaller strips and frying larger cuts in oil. I worked with grains and vegetables as I was used to. Despite my adherence to tradition, I was glad she was the one cooking the meat. She was experienced with it, and I wasn’t. I hate doing anything poorly.

We moved around each other in the kitchen too small for us both. Ran was surprisingly courteous. She gave me as much space as she could, allowing me first access to any cupboard or cabinet if we both needed it at the same time. She said thank you each time she asked something of me. I wondered if this was because she felt guilty for challenging me earlier, or if she always acted so politely. I couldn’t tell. Youkai were unknown to me.

Eventually, dinner was ready. Ran had prepared every bit of the meat she had brought, spread out on two plates. The look and smell were mouth-watering. I eat meat rarely, not only for the lack of supply in Hakugyokuro. My late teacher once told me that meat is an occasional indulgence, except for those who must keep large muscles in tone. My work of managing an arboretum requires more energy than muscle, and rice with vegetables provides that amply. The food I brought to the table was of the same type I usually ate, if prepared with more grandeur. A little more seasoning, and the best dishes from our cabinets for presentation. We had guests to entertain.

Ran and I brought the food out to the dining room. Yuyuko and Yukari sat on either side of the table, a mostly empty tea tray between them. Chen had curled up on the floor, her head resting in Yukari’s lap, who was absently scratching her ears. Yukari had set her umbrella in the corner of the room, and Chen’s beret hung off the handle.

“Finally, Youmu,” said Yuyuko. “One more minute and I was going in there after you. Why is Ran helping you with the food?”

“I expect Ran gave her little choice in the matter,” said Yukari.

Both we servants were silent. We set the food and dishes on the table, both sitting beside our mistress. I moved the tea tray aside and began dishing up for Yuyuko. Ran did the same for her mistress and Chen.

“Wake up, kitty,” said Yukari, gently pushing Chen’s head off her lap. “Food’s ready.”

I suspected the cat had long since smelled the food approaching, but wanted to cuddle with Yukari as long as she could. Chen sat up straight and rubbed her eyes, letting out a moaning purr. Sleep left her quickly enough when Ran passed a pork chop to her.

“So, Yukari, enough about me,” said Yuyuko as I set a bowl of rice before her. “Tell me what’s happening with you. Anything interesting in the mortal world?”

“Oh yes,” said Yukari. “Quite a lot. Did you hear about last summer?”

“Summer?” said Yuyuko. “Some of the ghosts were frightened, I remember. I never learned why.”

“I might know.” Yukari took a slice of pork in her chopsticks and laid the whole piece in her mouth. She chewed and swallowed, making eating look like a glamorous thing for only the beautiful and rich.

“You’re referring to the dark clouds, Mistress?” said Ran.

“Yes,” said Yukari. “Mid-summer last year, an anomaly of weather covered Gensokyo for several days. A reddish mist was in the sky by day, and hideous black clouds by night. Very strange.”

“Hmm,” said Yuyuko. Our guest might think she still had my mistress’s attention, but I knew better. Yukari had already lost her. Food was more important.

“The incident ended fairly quickly, so I thought there was no danger to Gensokyo,” said Yukari. “But it was an odd event, so I investigated. I found the unnatural clouds were magical in nature, and came from one of the few places such a massive energy flow could originate. The vampire family, who lives in the old mansion on the lake, had a bit of a spat.”

“That is the kindest word one could use,” said Ran. “They nearly destroyed many square miles of land.”

“But they didn’t,” said Yukari, glancing sideways at her shikigami. “And to ensure the problem didn’t recur, I had Ran plant the Staff of Suppression in the woods near their home. Two powerful mages live there, so I trusted they would find Lavatein and put it to good use. They did, just as planned. But more interesting than these events were the people. I’ve known about the vampire sisters for a long time, but two obscure humans were also involved.”

The word humans took back Yuyuko’s attention. She looked up at Yukari and said, “Really?” Though it came out as Reary? past her mouthful of rice and carrot.

Yukari nodded, taking a sip of tea. “The shrine maiden who lives near the Boundary, on the opposite side of Gensokyo from my home. And a young witch who lives in a hovel in the Forest of Magic. They to went to the lake mansion and confronted its residents.”

“Confronted,” said Ran. “Another kind word, if the fairies speak truly.”

The room was quiet, silence heavy on us. Except for Chen, who was wise enough to ignore us and shove down her food as quickly as possible.

“But....” said Yuyuko. “Their spirits never passed through Hakugyokuro. Which means—”

“They survived,” said Yukari. “Amazing as it sounds. Going into a such a situation, they shouldn’t have lived. Yet the story gets even stranger. When I heard of all this, I also learned there’s been an addition to the vampire’s staff since I last looked at the place. A young woman, most of the way to adulthood but not quite there, living there as the vampire’s maid.”

“Maid?” I said. “I wouldn’t call her such. A vampire would only live with a human to feed off it. She would be food, not serve it.”

“Not so,” said Yukari. “This human has lived there all her life with none of her blood sucked. I don’t know whose virtue that is, the human’s or the vampire’s. I’ve only learned of this recently, of course, human life spans being so short.”

At this point, I noticed Ran. Her eyes were fixed on her plate, and her expression on a human face would have showed annoyance. I wondered why. She looked like she had something to say, but bit her tongue. It was the least prudent thing I could have done, but I prodded her.

“Lady Ran?” I said. “Is something the matter?”

She looked up at me, chewing. She swallowed.

“No,” she said. “Nothing.”

She kept her eyes on mine for a long second before going back to her food.

Something wasn’t being said here.

Yukari noticed something pass between Ran and I, even if she wasn’t yet sure that she had felt it. She was about to call it out, and I braced myself. But Yuyuko got in ahead of her.

“After dinner,” my mistress said, “we should go sit out on the back patio. You remember, Yukari, the waterland vista is absolutely lovely in the evenings.”

“I remember,” said Yukari. “Hakugyokuro has stunning sunsets, especially for a realm that has no sun. Ah, but you should have seen, just yesterday. Gensokyo had a light snowfall which broke just before dusk, leaving the mountain tops peaked with white, and the sun went down behind them like an orb of molten glass. It was breathtaking.”

“I’m sorry I missed it,” said Yuyuko. “But then again, a week or so ago, you should have seen it here. In the midmorning, the sky seemed to reflect the water on the ground. There was an intricate webwork of blue threads in the clouds, all rippling and shimmering like light off the surface of a lake. How lovely it was.”

The two of them led off into an inane discussion about whose country was more beautiful. I closed my ears and focused on the meal, wishing for this to be over.

“Speaking of lakes. Have you ever seen fish hopping over the waters to catch their breakfast before dawn? There’s so many of these in Gensokyo’s lake, it looks like a flock of birds popping in and out of an inverse puddle of sky.”

“I bet that’s nothing compared to the cherry trees here. In the autumn when their petals fall, you can walk through the gardens and feel like there’s a pink snowstorm around you. It’s a charming feeling.”

And it did end, but not before the most of this I could endure. Taking a glance at Ran, I could tell she felt the same way. Chen, again, was the smartest of us. She ate.





Dinner was done. Yuyuko and Yukari took Chen out to the back patio, while I stayed behind to clear the table. Ran stayed too, gathered up the dishes and followed me to kitchen. I turned and faced her in the doorway.

“Please don’t say you’re going to clean up as well,” I said.

“Very well,” she said. “I won’t say it.”

But she didn’t put the dishes down. Just stood there, waiting for me to move. I put a palm to my forehead, where I felt the bare beginnings of a headache.

“I’ve never had such a difficult guest,” I said.

“Nor have I been entertained by such an arrogant hostess,” she said. “The two of us will no doubt become best friends, if we can keep from killing each other. But tonight, I wash dishes in a stranger’s home for more than the sake of appearing polite. There’s something you wish to ask me.”

I lowered my hand, looking up at the dish-wielding youkai woman, and I learned something of her then. Not only was she large, and strong, and possessed some level of magic power.

She was also intelligent. Her wits were as sharp as my swords. Sly and subtle like....

Well, what else was there?

Like a fox.





Ran and I washed up. I drew a sink of hot water and focused on scrubbing dishes clean. She spread herself over other tasks. Scraping off the plates and dumping out half-empty cups. Packaging up reusable bits of food for leftovers. Drying the dishes I had cleaned and putting them away. It was the same as cooking dinner, her moving around me. Asking where things went, but only needing to be told once. Apologizing if she accidentally bumped me or if her tails brushed by me. I found myself enjoying her presence, to an extent. Cleaning went much faster with her help.

“So,” she said, running a dry dishcloth through the basin of a frying pan. “Will you ask?”

I looked over my shoulder, peeking out the kitchen and into the dining room. It was still empty, which meant Yuyuko and Yukari were still probably outside. Beyond hearing.

“I do have a question.” I put some shoulder power into cleaning a pot. “But I don’t know if it’s what you’re thinking.”

“It is,” she said. “I would wager a tail on it.”

That made me smile. I took a brief glance at her hind, quickly counted the plumage there. She hadn’t lost too many bets. She still had all nine.

“Then I’ll start with this,” I said. “What is Yukari to Gensokyo?”

“You begin by asking what you already know,” said Ran. “Yukari is to Gensokyo what Yuyuko is to Hakugyokuro. The realm’s ruler in power, if not in deeds.”

“And when you first arrived. You mentioned a parallel between the Saigyou Ayakashi and the Boundary.”

“So I did. I now see that parallel to be accurate. Your country’s over-sized tree, and the border that completely encircles my country. Both are living talismans of their mistress’s power, but also of their limitations.”

“What limitations?” I said.

She raised an orange eyebrow at me. “You haven’t noticed? Why is it that the largest tree in the netherworld never blossoms? It symbolizes something, though I don’t know what. I would guess it means that even a mighty spirit like Yuyuko can’t defy death. All things are born in a bloody and painful process. They live and struggle though hard lives, and eventually lie down to weary deaths. Lucky are those who die with any measure of honor.”

“Your definition of death is entirely wrong,” I said. “That among other things. Death is not bad. It’s not a disgrace or a submission. It’s a passing from one stage of life to another. True death, as I define it, is when one refuses to embrace the forces of life. When he lives in fear and anger, instead giving himself to courage and love. An individual can be on either side of that equation at any time, before or after leaving the body.”

“Your definition works as well as mine,” said Ran. “Tell me about the cowardly and hateful spirits. About those who die while holding great grudges in their hearts. Or a love of money. Or the flesh. Or of the self, and loathing for all else. Do vice-ridden spirits come to Hakugyokuro?”

“No, sadly,” I said. “They are trapped in the mortal world, until they can give up that which keeps them there. It’s also as if this place’s light repels them, like a candle flame that would shoo moths away instead of drawing them.”

“Then why not go and get them? Yuyuko is great enough to compel spirits away from mortal obsessions, isn’t she?”

“She is, but it would be a meaningless gesture. She could keep those wayward souls here, but a man you force to act under duress learns nothing about right or wrong. He learns only to hate you. If ever Yuyuko released her hold on them, the corrupted spirits would flood right back out of Hakugyokuro, with nothing gained. Their presence here is meaningless until they come by their own choice. But they won’t make that choice until they wish the darkness lifted from their hearts. It’s a tragedy, for some.”

“Tragic indeed, if you speak truly,” said Ran. “But you prove my point. Yuyuko is powerless against death.”

I opened my mouth to rebut, but no words came to me. I ran through the chain of logic once more, and came to the same conclusion. Awful as it was, Ran was right. Even my mistress, the mighty ruler of the netherworld, couldn’t change people’s hearts against their will.

Was that why the Saigyou Ayakashi never bloomed?

“Your point is made,” I said, as much as I disliked it. “But if our mistresses are equals, as you implied, then Yukari must suffer some weakness of her own.”

“She does, and I’m glad you came back to that. We’re running out of dirty dishes, so I’ll be brief. Yukari can’t go outside the Boundary.”

That surprised me. I looked at her, expecting her to confirm what she said.

“That can’t be,” I said. “She is outside the Boundary. She came here, with you and your shikigami in tow.”

Ran shook her head. “This place isn’t beyond Gensokyo. Only a different aspect of the same. And even Hakugyokuro doesn’t lead anywhere new. You can only go here from there, and there from here.”

“The ghosts travel beyond,” I said. “The postmortem who come here stay only for a while. They move on, past the Sanzu River at Hakugyokuro’s edge.”

“Then your musty dead humans are mightier than both our mistresses put together. Yukari can’t leave either the mortal or immortal worlds, except to visit the other for a while. I’ve seen her try. With a great deal of frustration, I might add.”

I looked back down into my dirty soap water, leaning my weight against the sink.

“I don’t understand. I thought Yukari’s manipulation of gaps let her travel anywhere.”

“They fail at the Boundary. The gaps operate by opening nothing where there is something.” She made a gesture, as if hitting something with a two-handed hammer. “Like knocking a hole in a wall, then using the edges of the hole to pull yourself through. But it only works where there is a wall to begin with, and a floor to hold you up on the other side. The Boundary is the end of metaphorical walls and floors, like an expansive bottomless pit. Even my mistress can’t tear a hole of nothing where there’s already nothing.”

“Is that all?” I said.

“I don’t know. It seems to me Yukari isn’t allowed outside the Boundary because she is the Boundary. She could no more go beyond it than you could stand outside yourself.”

I looked out the kitchen window. It was nearing full night outside. The lesser light would reveal my ghost half.

“Wait an hour or so,” I said. “You’ll see that isn’t so incredible as it sounds.”

“No. Yukari told me about your semi-corporeal physiology, and that’s not what I’m referring to.”

The dishes were done, and I felt no more need to clean for the time being. I reached into the sink and pulled the plug from the drain, then got a dry cloth and wiped my hands. Ran was putting away the last few bowls.

“I know,” I said. “But that brings us to what I’ve been meaning to ask.”

“At last,” said Ran.

“By saying that Yukari’s life is the Boundary, you say that she completely surrounds Gensokyo. That she knows the entire country, and all that happens in it. Is that true?”

“Half true,” said Ran. “She can know anything within Gensokyo, if she pays attention to it.”

“Then what about the disaster she mentioned over dinner?” I said. “The mist that covered the sky?”

Ran wasn’t looking at me, instead running her cloth slowly and carefully over the last bowl. Her mouth widened into a feral grin, showing sharp teeth.

“What of it?” she said.

“Yukari spoke of that incident as if she learned of it after the fact. That makes little sense. Even if her awareness can only be in one place at a time, I can’t believe a mist thick enough to block the sun would escape her notice.”

“You’re quite right.”

“Giving the Suppression Staff to the vampires was a fine deed, but surely not better than intervening directly. Why didn’t Yukari act?”

“Simple,” Ran finally put the last bowl in the cabinet. She put down the washcloth. “She slept through it.”

I blinked. “She what?”

“She was asleep,” said Ran. “One evening she went to bed, and the sky was clear. When she awoke, the sky was clear again.”

“But.” I ran my memory back to last year, remembering how long the ghosts had fretted. “The sky mist lasted for a week.”

“It did.”

“So Yukari slept for seven straight days?”

“Nine, if I recall.” Ran counted on her fingers. “No, ten actually. And do believe, it was not for a lack of effort on my part. I became so frustrated at one point that I....” She pinched the bridge of her nose between two fingers, squeezed her eyes shut. A very human gesture. “I did something I’m not proud of.”

I waited. No prying would make her speak. If she wanted to tell me, she would.

She took a deep breath, let it out. “I threw her out a window.”

“Did you?” I said. “Ran, tell me. Where is House Yakumo?”

“In the mountains. Like my mistress said, across the valley from the Hakurei Shrine.”

“So when you say throw out the window, you mean to toss something out in the courtyard. Maybe watch it roll off into the foothills.”

“No,” said Ran. “Our home is much higher up. It’s carved into the rocky mountainside, just below the lowest snows that top the peaks in summertime.”

“You’re joking,” I said.

“I wish I were. Like testing the depth of a well by throwing in a stone and listening for the splash, I learned how elevated my mistress’s palace was that day. She took quite a while to hit the valley floor. She even bounced off the Boundary once on the way down. It was a sight.”

I shook my head. “The fall would have killed her.”

“Not her. There’s a small woodland in the hills directly below our home. I later found her down there, snoring in a patch of pine needles. Her nightgown was torn, but that was all. She looked like she might have lain down to sleep there, if not for the hole of broken branches above her. She must have made quite a racket when she fell through the canopy.”

I couldn’t believe this. Ran seemed serious. Either she had an immensely sarcastic sense of humor, or she was telling the truth.

“I felt guilty, as you can imagine,” she went on. “That was her favorite nightgown. I slung her over my shoulder, carried her back up to the house and threw her in bed. She awoke on her own three days later.”

“So she doesn’t know?” I said.

“I don’t believe so. She never even mentioned her ripped bedclothes. Perhaps she was too interested with my account of the of events during her sleep.”

“I could never do such a thing to my mistress.”

“I said I wasn’t proud of it,” said Ran. “Besides, throwing Yuyuko out a window would make even less sense. She would likely float away on a breeze. But now you have the answer to your question. Are you satisfied?”

“Not at all,” I said. “I would have been happier not knowing, I think.”

“As it often is with the truth,” said Ran. In a surprising friendly gesture, she put a hand on my shoulder. I wasn’t comfortable with the contact, but I allowed it. At least partly because she was strong enough to tear my arm off, and I wished to give her no reason for violence.

“Come,” she said, leading me from the kitchen. “We’re done here. Let us go rejoin our mistresses and live the evening.” 
The back patio isn’t actually on the rear of the house. The massive roots at the base of the Saigyou Ayakashi couch in the house on two sides, leaving just enough room for my little patch of a garden. The “back” patio is really not far from the front door. A wide wooden deck stands up two feet, with a short plank of stairs running down to the ground in the back corner. On the deck there is one table surrounded by several chairs, in case a party wants to dine outdoors. Three more reclined chairs, made from bamboo and wicker, sit around the deck in no order.

The patio was built here, no doubt, to enjoy the view of the stream. A thin blue channel of water flows from under one of the Ayakashi’s roots, flowing in a sharp curve like a hairpin. At one point, the stream is arched over with a small wooden bridge. The stream then falls off a slope several yards away from the house, making a miniature waterfall. Sitting from the patio, one see can part of the pool at the slope’s base, and how it flows away in a delta that goes for some distance. The water’s flow reminds me of a beam of light diffused into many colors when shone through a prism, except that the water stays crystal blue the whole way.

This is a good place to sit, when thinking or relaxing. My mistress and her guests were enjoying it. Ran sat on the deck’s edge, her large legs easily reaching the ground. Yuyuko sat back on one of the reclined chairs. Chen was testing her luck, climbing one of the Ayakashi’s roots that stood three times her height.

I stepped out onto the deck, and Ran turned to see me. A strange look passed her face, mimicking the feeling I’d known towards her once or twice this evening. Awe and confusion.

“Look at you,” she said. “So this is what Yukari meant.”

I tilted my head at her. At first I didn’t know what she was talking about. Then I noticed she wasn’t looking at me, or at least not my physical self. Her eyes were on my ghost.

As I came into the evening light, what looked like another Youmu appeared beside me. She is my height, but stands above me for her feet hovering off the ground. Her face shows what feel, scowling when I’m angry and smiling when I’m amused. Her mouth is usually closed, and she never speaks. She wears a dusty white version of my dress and vest. The clothes are transparent, but so is the body beneath them. I suffer no lack of modesty when people see my ghost, for the spiritual body shows only the slightest hint of any gender characteristics. One could see a thin waist and slightly wider hips, maybe the barest budding of female breasts, but nothing more suggestive than that.

My spirit appears mostly the same as my body, with one important exception. My ghost half has no swords on her back. Only my physical self carries the weapons passed down to me.

I bowed to Ran, both my body and ghost at once. Like twin sisters giving a greeting.

“Your first sight of a half-ghost,” I said. “What are your thoughts?”

“That I was wrong to think I had seen all strange things,” said Ran. She would have said more, but something took her attention. A sharp snap of broken wood cracked through the air. Chen had put too much of her weight on a weak foothold, and the Ayakashi’s root bark gave way under her. She fell a dozen feet to the ground.

Ran stood. “Chen!” She stalked over to the root. Chen was unhurt, having hit the ground with the grace of a cat and the careless hardiness of a human child. Ran grabbed her by the vest and hauled her up, getting her face within good scolding distance.

“Be more careful!” Ran sad. “No more climbing on the trees.”

“Aw,” said Chen. “But it’s not high enough to hurt me. I’ll be fine.”

“It’s not your safety that worries me, but acting irresponsible in front of our hostess. Come back to the deck and behave, or I’ll be sure Yukari knows you’re being bad.”

Chen’s face lit up. “Yeah! Tell her! Some day I want to fall as far as her and not get hu—”

Ran placed a finger on Chen’s mouth, stopping her in mid word.

“Silence, little one,” said Ran. “Some things are not spoken.”

“Speaking of which,” I looked over to my mistress, who was lounging on her chair as if sunbathing. “Where is Yukari-sama?”

“She went down to look at the pool,” said Yuyuko. She stretched, letting out a pleased little squeal. “Ran! Bring Chen over here. I have something fun for her to do.”

Ran brought her shikigami back to the patio, dropped her on the ground before it. Chen hopped to her feet, patterns of dirt all over her skirt and vest. She didn’t brush herself off, so Ran did it for her.

“Look closely now, Chen,” Yuyuko held out a hand, as if holding up an invisible bowl. Slowly, faint magical power gathered in her palm. Purple and pink shades of light swirled together and bundled into a tight nugget in her palm, the size of a large insect cocoon. Its surface rippled and shifted, as if something inside tried to break free. Then it split from the top. A bug-eyed creature poked its head out. It dragged itself free from the cocoon, but seemed made of the same energy. It kicked its shell away and spread a pair of beautiful wings, covered with patterns as if drawn by an Eastern mural artist.

The result was a magically constructed wire-frame of a butterfly, sitting in Yuyuko’s hand. Its antennae twitched and its wings fluttered to keep balance as Yuyuko’s arm moved below it.

She brought the butterfly close to her mouth, as if to kiss it. She blew on it gently, and her breath seemed to give it life. The bug took flight, scattering pink and purple sparks from its wings, like pixie dust. It flew to Chen. She grinned as its light colored her face. It flew just above her, and she reflexively reached up to snatch it. Her hands clapped together over her head, but caught only empty air. The butterfly dipped behind her, staying out of reach.

Chen turned and went after it, jumping and reaching and swiping. The butterfly darted every which way, always staying just out of grasp. But it never went too high or led Chen far away.

Ran sat back down on the edge of the deck. “Thank you, Lady Saigyouji. I’m sorry she’s such a bother.”

“No bother at all,” said Yuyuko. She rolled her head to the side, looking to me. “Youmu, would you go check on Yukari? She’s been gone for a while.”

I had been standing by this whole time, confounded as Chen at the butterfly spell. My mistress rarely gave any visible display of her power. Despite spending my whole life either serving her or training for that service, I didn’t know all that she could do. Not by any measure.

“As you wish,” I said. Enforcing curfew on the queen of the mortal realm wouldn’t be my happiest duty of the evening. I hopped off the patio and made my way over the small bridge on the stream. My ghost half came along, shoulders slumped and knees bent as it levitated behind.





If it were possible for sapphire to flow as liquid, so would the pool below the waterfall appear. Except where the falling stream splashes down, the surface is perfectly even and smooth. No ripples bouncing off the pool’s edges or colliding with each other. No resonant chaos, like you see from any other moving body of water. This pool is a place of peace. I’ve been tempted to bathe in it, to feel its calmness around my whole body. But I don’t dare. Any human, no matter how mature or collected within herself, would be a radical disease to this pool. I dare only to wet my feet, sitting on the rock that juts out over the water’s surface.

I’ve spent many hours alone here. Listening to the soothing patter of the waterfall. Soaking my feet bare, cold water going between my toes, which feels particularly good after a hard day’s gardening. Occasionally taking a sip from a slab mug filled with steaming tea. Those are some contended moments.

Looking down on the pool from above, I saw Yukari. She sat on that stone. Her feet were bare and hanging into the water. Her shoes sat on the ground beside her, their laces untied and resting in the soft grass. There’s a stone staircase leading from where I stood down to the waterside. The steps are uneven and rounded, so I took care as I descended.

I approached Yukari from behind. Before speaking, I couldn’t help taking one second to admire her hair. It cascaded down her back as if it were the second waterfall of the place, but this one of gold. Rich, full and vibrant. I felt a sick twinge of jealousy, which I immediately rebuked myself for. No matter if I wanted good looks. No matter if I wanted to be taller, or have a fuller chest, or have long and pretty hair. I was a swordsman, and Saigyouji’s guardian. My duties were all that should care for, regardless of a weak part of me wanted to be beautiful.

“Yukari-sama,” I said, stepping up behind her. “Yuyuko-sama asks after you.”

She gave no answer. Instead, I heard a terrifying sound that froze my feet to the ground.

She sniffed. Not a gentle inhale to smell the night air. Not even the crude sound of clearing one’s nose after dinner.

Yukari was crying.

“Oh Youmu,” she said, her back still turned to me. Her voice was thick and wet. “You shouldn’t see me like this.”

I had absolutely nothing to say. My jaw worked up and down, trying to do something useful. But I was dumb for the moment.

I like to think of myself as a brave person. I can protect my Lady from any threat. I’ve stood eye-to-eye with the strongest of youkai. I can dismantle beasts many times my size with a few swipes. The things my blade can’t cut are next to none.

But here, at the pool which was meant as a place of peace and serenity, a woman was weeping. A woman who, in the strictest sense, was my ally. This made me realize how wrong I was, thinking myself courageous. Nothing scares me worse than tears shed by those who are mightier than me. I have no idea what comfort to give, or how to give it, or if offering comfort is even appropriate. I’m a warrior, not a counselor. I know how to destroy grief, not soothe it.

“It was rude of me to run off,” said Yukari. “But I couldn’t hold it in any longer. Seeing her like this, under the shadow of this deadwood.”

She turned her head to the side, looking up at the Saigyou Ayakashi towering above us. I saw one side of her face. Her cheek was wet and bright red. She made even crying a beautiful thing, as though any who saw her were honor bound to weep along with her.

“Look at it,” she said. “It’s so big. It’s meant as a monument to life and beauty. But instead it stands for emptiness and death.” I caught her eye. She looked back at me, turning her body part way. She smiled. It was heartbreaking to see her smile through her sadness. “And look at you. Healthy in both body and spirit, I see.”

As with Ran, I took a moment to understand what she meant. I take the disposition between my body and ghost for granted. I rarely meet anyone who comments on the two being separate.

“Th- thank you,” I said. My stupid mouth would choose this moment to stumble. “Is something wrong, Yukari-sama?”

Her smile faded. She turned back to the pool. “Please come sit with me, Youmu. I’m embarrassed, but now that you’re here, I could use some company.”

That was last thing I wanted to hear. I had hoped she would politely brush me off. No Youmu, don’t worry about me. Youkai troubles and all. You know how it is.

Except I didn’t know how it was, and I had no desire to learn. This woman’s problems would be far beyond me. I hate nothing worse than knowing of a wrong that I can’t right. Part of me preferred blissful ignorance.

I was very close to enacting that wish. Close to giving the polite brush-off I hoped she would give me. I’m sorry, Yukari-sama. I’m expected back at the house. But I’ll send for Yuyuko-sama. She’ll understand your worries better than I could. Something stopped me from doing so.

My late teacher had often told me to never turn away a soul in need, no matter how great or small. A young Youmu had asked, “No matter how great or small the what? The person? Or the need?” My teacher had responded with only a nod.

Even the youngest Youmu felt a deep hatred for cowardice, and a love for bravery. For charity. For kindness. For selflessness. Those virtues my late teacher epitomized, and the virtues he tried hardest to give me.

I took a deep breath in through my mouth, let it out my nose.

“As you wish,” I said. I stepped up to her side, but stayed standing. Sitting on the ground is a clunky endeavor while wearing my swords. That, and I was on eye level with Yukari only so long as she sat on the rock.

“As I wish?” she said. Looking down into the pool, kicking her feet. “You’re not very good at giving sympathy.”

“No,” I said. Honesty is also a virtue. “But I want to try. Please tell me what troubles you.”

She looked at me, and she laughed. The laugh of a woman who sees a sliver of goodness in her sorrow.

“I suppose you can’t help it,” she said. “You are what you are. As for what troubles me, just look up.”

I did, giving the tree a glance. “The Ayakashi has been this way for a long time. No harm has come of it.”

“So says the ignorant. So says the blind man who thinks he knows the meaning of beauty, but has never seen an autumn sunset. Or the faces of his loved ones.”

“I don’t understand,” I said.

“I know. My words would be unnecessary if you did.” Yukari stood, brushing off the back of her dress. “I’ve known Yuyuko much longer than you’ve lived, my dear Youmu. She’s now only a dark reduction of her past self. Long ago, she was a grand spirit who filled all of Hakugyokuro with light and merriment. The trees here blossomed all year round, the Ayakashi greatest of them. Like now, it could be seen from anywhere in the netherworld. But as a queen of cherry blossoms, bursting with bright petals of pink and red and white and every shade in between, instead of the skeletal mockery you see now.”

“I never knew Hakugyokuro was any different than today,” I said. “This is the netherworld. It is, by its nature, timeless unto itself.”

“Timeless, yes, but not unchanging.” Yukari dried her face, wiping a gloved hand over her cheeks. “Spiritual matters may stand outside the mortal realm’s flow of time, but they aren’t static. All things are always moving closer either to good or to evil, don’t you think?”

I was reluctant to agree, but I nodded. She spoke the truth.

“The saddest part is, I know why Yuyuko turned for the worse,” she said. “And I believe you do too.”

I started to shake my head. To answer that no, I didn’t know why things had changed. But I remembered something. The conversation with Ran.

“Do you mean...?” I let my voice trail off, but she didn’t fill in my silence. “You mean the lost souls?”

“Yes,” said Yukari. She squeezed her eyes shut and turned away from me, as if fighting down a fresh wave of tears. “It’s breaks Yuyuko’s heart every day. I can see it, and it breaks my heart too. That’s why I don’t visit more often. It’s like visiting a terminal relative, your poor sister or cousin who’s going to die any day now.”

I felt a sting in my heart. I actually had lost a relative, who had gone from half-ghost to a full one. Even those of my bloodline are human and mortal. We live long, but we grow old and we die, to pass the Sanzu River and into the unknown lands beyond.

“But Yuyuko can’t die,” I said. “No being can die more than once.”

“That depends on your definition of death, doesn’t it?” said Yukari. “What if death isn’t a one-time event, but a chronic condition? The opposite of living. A sickness of the heart and mind, that darkens the world around a soul.” She looked back at me. “What is your definition of death?”

I had no argument. Again, she was right. And again, I was reminded of my talk with Ran.

“The same,” I said.

Yukari nodded. She raised both hands, delicately flexing her fingers in their gloves. She plucked at each finger one at a time, and slid gloves both off. Her hands were bare.

“Youmu,” she said, dropping the gloves to the grass. “When I look in your eyes, I see great strength. The courage and might of a warrior. In an ironic way, it makes you very feminine.”

She stepped towards me. Coming uncomfortably close. I wanted to back away, but my feet wouldn’t move.

“You’re very pretty,” she said. She put a hand to my face, cupped my cheek in her palm. The feel of her skin on mine was electrifying, both wonderful and painful. Beautiful and horrid. She leaned down, her eyes coming closer. Little rings violet. I couldn’t tell she had been crying. Her face was perfect now. Perfect and pale and lovely.

“Tell me, Youmu,” she said. “Have you ever considered becoming a wife?”

Even in this daze, my answer was immediate.

“No.”

“No?” she said. “A shame. There are many young men in Gensokyo who would love you.”

“My life is my duty to Yuyuko-sama,” I said. “A husband and children would distract me.”

She smiled. “Half-ghost children. There’s a thought. A bunch of little Youmus running around. I can almost picture....”

Then the smile slid off her face. Her mouth opened and her eyes became distant, as if realizing some great thing.

“Half-ghost,” she said. Her eyes met mine again. “That’s it! You’re a half-ghost. That just might work!”

Both her hands had clamped onto my shoulders at some point. She was jerking me back and forth from excitement.

“What!” I said. “Please let go of me!”

“Sorry!” Her hands flew off my shoulders, but only long enough to wrap me into a deathgrip hug. My lungs had to work hard for each breath. My head was crushed into the second pair of large breasts that day.

“Youmu!” she said. “I think you can do it. You can save Yuyuko.”

“Saff her fom wha?” I said, muffled. I wondered what expression my ghost half had on her face this moment.

“Haven’t you paid any attention? We can save her from that cursed tree, and keep this place from becoming a necropolis. But—” She pushed me back, peeling my face off of her chest. I gasped in a breath, and she mashed a finger over my lips to shush me.

“But quietly!” She whispered. She glanced back towards the house. The waterfall slope kept it from our sight. “Yuyuko can’t know. That would ruin it.”

“Ruin what?” I matched her whisper. “Please stop speaking as if we both knew what you were talking about.”

That was the first time I used brusque words with a being greater than myself, with the exception of my own mistress. I couldn’t feel guilty over it. I wondered if I was weakening in my late teacher’s lessons and becoming less honorable.

“Oh dear,” said Yukari. “I’m sorry. You’re right. I should explain.”

Her hands were all over me again. Her fingers stroked the back of my neck and petted my hair, as if comforting a kitten. I tingled all over at her touch, but wanted to pull away. Zero personal space made me uncomfortable.

“But not here,” she said. “Will you come for a walk with me, Youmu? So the two of us may grow acquainted?”

“If you wish,” I said. “I must return to Yuyuko-sama, but I can delay if there is an urgent matter.”

“Very urgent.” Yukari took my hand in hers and began walking, pulling me along. “As urgent as Hakugyokuro itself, and thus Gensokyo along with it. Come with me.” 
We walked a short way before I realized Yukari was still barefoot. She had left her shoes and gloves in the grass near the pool. It didn’t bother her. The lands beyond the waterfall gradually lost definition as we went further. Rivers tangled into what might have been a marshland or bog in the mortal world. But here, it was calming and lovely as the rest of Yuyuko’s realm. Little mounts of earth stood up from shallow puddles, tufts of soft and fragrant grass standing up like outrageous haircuts on bald heads. The ground sunk under our feet, and our footprints filled with water. My tracks were plain and indistinct from my smooth-soled gardening shoes. Yukari left marks as if her feet had been cast in plaster, round little dents for all five toes and deep depressions for the ball and heel of her foot.

We walked in silence for a time. Yukari led with her hand clasped on mine. She didn’t wander out into the swamp, which would have brought us into distant sight of the house. Instead we stayed near the Saigyou Ayakashi, walking wide around it to avoid climbing over the tallest roots. Out this far, stepping over the roots was no harder than my mistress’s patio. The roots were also wide and solid, like long islands. They were the only dependable thing on which one could stand in the wetlands.

“I don’t see the point of this,” I said. The socks inside my shoes were squishy and wet. “If you want to speak to me privately, there’s no way you can take me far enough. This is Yuyuko’s realm. She knows all that goes on here.”

Yukari took that as a cue that we had gone far enough. She let go of my hand and hopped barefoot up onto a root. I stepped up with her, to keep from sinking any further into the ground.

“Only if she chooses too,” said Yukari. “I’m hoping that Ran and Chen will hold her attention for now. If Yuyuko doesn’t know there’s anything worth paying attention to, it will go by unnoticed. ”

“Rather like your perspective of Gensokyo,” I said. I sat down on the root, my swords clattering on its bark. Modesty and decorum aside, I began unlacing my shoes. I took them off, then peeled off my socks wrung them out like rags. If Yukari didn’t care, then neither did I. Interpersonal etiquette took second priority to festering wet feet. On the trip back, I might follow her example and take the swamp barefoot.

Yukari was smiling at me, for no reason I could tell.

“Just so,” she said. “None better knows Yuyuko’s limitations than one who suffers the same. But I’m happier that way. I don’t want to know every little thing going on in either country. Too much worry. But that’s not why I brought you here.”

Yukari walked past me, heading up the long slope of root that led to the Saigyou Ayakashi’s base. She stopped after a few steps. Her back was turned to me. I laid my soaked shoes and socks out to dry, then stood and stepped up beside her. I was rarely barefoot outdoors, so the bark was rough on the tender soles of my feet. I ignored the discomfort. We looked upon the Ayakashi. It dominated the space above us, huge but empty.

“Why this, Youmu?” said Yukari. “Why is there a giant tree in Hakugyokuro?”

I thought it a silly question. “I don’t believe it matters. Why are there mountains surrounding Gensokyo? Why is there a lake at its heart? There’s no sense questioning what is, for it is.”

“That’s just like you,” said Yukari. “No sense questioning it, no. But trying to understand is not only sensible, but mandatory. I could explain the geological phenomena that caused Gensokyo’s mountains to stand, and the lake to flow as it does. But Hakugyokuro is a different matter. More spiritual and symbolic, especially concerning its mistress.”

“You’re saying the Ayakashi represents something?” I said.

“Of course it does. It’s foolish to think such a grand thing is arbitrary. The question is, what does the tree represent?” She took a deep breath, let it out. “Sadly, I know the answer to that question.”

“As do I,” I said. “It’s no secret. The Ayakashi’s immensity represents Yuyuko’s power.”

“You’re missing the point. Advanced minds easily fall into that trap. We fail to see the painting for the sake of examining each drop of paint. A younger and simpler mind, like my dear little Chen, will cut to the heart of the matter more quickly. Remember the comment she made about the Ayakashi?”

I did, because I remembered being offended by it.

“Why would anyone name a dumb old tree, she said.”

“That was it,” said Yukari. She craned her neck back, looking up at the highest branches above us. “Why does a tree symbolize Yuyuko’s power? Why not some more conventional representation of might? Imagine a mighty tower or a castle, like the stories of old feudal kings. Or a mountain, covered with the residences of the recently deceased, and Yuyuko’s own home on the highest peak. That would more closely tie Hakugyokuro to Gensokyo, making mountains prominent in the topography of both countries. Then again, why not a simple, immaterial beam of light, constantly shooting into the sky? That would certainly convey the strength of a great spiritual being.”

“That too seems obvious,” I said. “A tree is the symbol because it has personal importance to Yuyuko.”

Yukari smiled at me again. “You have it. What is that importance, then?”

I had no answer. I had never given it any thought. These matters were not my concern, in the daily chores of keeping a netherworld running. I was content to simply serve Yuyuko day after day. Nothing else seemed important.

“I don’t know,” I said. “And again, I think it’s irrelevant—”

“It’s not!” Yukari cut me off. Her tone was forceful, but not rude. She spoke like one desperate to teach a critical concept. “It’s the very reason Hakugyokuro is weakening, inching closer to becoming a land of the undead. When I said that I had known Yuyuko for a long time, I meant it. I’ve known her since before she was a ghostly child. I knew her premortem.”

My heart gave a little lurch in my chest. Yuyuko had died centuries ago. Perhaps those centuries had even stretched into millennia. Compared to that scale, I had served her during a small fraction of her rule. I have only ever known her as Lady Saigyouji, and I still struggle to picture her wearing a fleshy body like mine. Yet here, standing in front of me, was a youkai woman who could legitimately claim that same age. It was plausible Yukari had known Yuyuko before her death.

Sudden curiosity burned in me. I ached to know what my mistress had been like as a mortal girl. What would our relationship have been if I had known her before she died? Would we become friends?

“Did you?” I said. I wanted to ask many more questions than that, but I choked them back.

“I did indeed.” She nodded back in the direction of the house. “She was nothing like the pink-headed maniac over there. To see her then, you’d never think of her as queen of the netherworld. She had a hard enough time mastering herself, let alone anything else. She was a plain little slip of a girl. Not much to look upon, not strong or graceful. She would jump in terror if a mouse ever scurried across the kitchen floor. She was quiet and shy. She refused to speak anyone she didn’t know. Yet for all that, her heart was more beautiful than any human I’ve met before or since. She loved her family dearly, and she loved to read. She always seemed to have a book in hand.”

Yukari looked back up to the tree. “Storytelling was her solace from the anxieties of life. By the time she became a young woman, she was still painfully shy, but was brave enough to venture outside alone. On the outskirts of her hometown, there was a large cherry tree that stood alone in a field. When weather permitted, she would spend peaceful hours under that tree. Leaning back against its trunk while the wild grass swayed around her. Reading a good book, trying to memorize poems, and even singing them when she felt brave enough to hear her own voice.”

I listened, watching her face as she spoke. I knew every word she spoke was truth. Her eyes had the distant look of one remembering lifetime past.

“That is how I found her. I was wandering through my country, for Gensokyo’s beauty was still new and fresh to me then. I noticed the singing girl and hovered on a gap above her for a while, so that she would sing without noticing me. Her voice wasn’t pleasant. It grated on the ears, with no tone or practice with music. Yet something in her song entranced me.” Yukari closed her eyes, shook her head. “No. Something about her entranced me. I don’t know what. I can only say that a thing is most beautiful when unaware of itself. And so she was. I remember my first thought upon seeing her. What was this girl doing out alone, away from the protection of other humans? Didn’t she know wild youkai dwelt these fields? True, it was unlikely that any milling fairy would bother her, out in broad daylight. But I felt some concern for her. Those thoughts soon left me as I watched over her. I was....”

Her voice weakened into nothing. She sighed and looked down, her gaze tracing the Ayakashi’s trunk and the root down to our bare feet.

“I can’t explain,” she said. “Her song was over in a minute, and she sat in silence to read her book. I hovered for a while. Then I retreated into my gap and left her there. She never noticed me.”

“You didn’t introduce yourself?” I said.

“Not that time. Nor several times after. When the sun was shining, when it wasn’t too hot or cold, I’d check that cherry tree. I wanted to see her again. And I did, but that was all. I’d simply sit in midair above her while she sat and read. Sometimes she’d even fall asleep with me watching over her. I wanted to approach her. But despite being the mightiest living thing in Gensokyo, I couldn’t work up the nerve to say anything. I wasn’t a social creature. I had relations with few youkai and zero humans. I didn’t want to scare her off, but I didn’t want to appear needy or weak myself. I had no idea how to break the ice.”

Yukari smiled in nostalgia. “As usually happens, the situation ended with someone making a mistake. One long afternoon, she dozed off and left me to watch her sleep for hours. I was getting bored by then. Whether I was annoyed at her for not noticing me, or at myself for being too scared to be noticed, I’m not sure. I was ready to fold into my gap and leave her, maybe never to return. But before I left, I made a little noise of contempt.”

She hmphed, like a lady showing disdain for something.

“I made that sound,” she said. “I made it too loudly, or the girl was close to waking. She stirred and opened her eyes, and saw me above her. For a girl who would jump at a spider on the wall, you can imagine how she reacted to a greater youkai sitting on a rent of nothing in the air. She told me afterwards that she thought I was a nightmare. Some wicked goddess had come to torment her.”

“Torment?” I tilted my head at that. “For what?”

“Such was my thought,” said Yukari. “And I asked her just that. I soon learned that humans, especially young girls, feel guilty over the silliest things. Cowardice. Physical weakness. For not being better, as vague as that is. Once she had calmed down, we began talking. I asked her about herself. She gave me every detail I wanted, and quite a bit more besides. I soon realized was telling me things she had hitherto kept absolutely secret. I thought that strange at first. Why would she confide the dirty little details to me, and not her own parents? The answer came after I had known her for a while. She risked no judgment when speaking to me. I had lived much longer, and I knew the sickening things of life. Her sins and shames meant nothing to the evils I knew. But not only that. I also knew great and wonderful things. She eagerly listened to my tales, just as I heard hers.”

“You became friends?” I said. I didn’t know what answer I hoped for. Irrational jealousy fought admiration inside me.

“I suppose,” said Yukari. “Though I’ve never rightly understood the meaning of the word. I don’t make friends of humans, since they all die so quickly. And youkai are not friends, but lesser beings than I bend to my will.”

“That’s a harsh way to refer to your shikigami, and hers,” I said.

Yukari laughed softly. “It’s true, though. Ran puts up with me, maybe even loves me. But only because I’m stronger than her, and she loves strength above all else. Chen looks up to me like a grandmother, with affection and admiration, but not the devotion she feels for Ran. I’ve never had a friend, as you use the word. Yuyuko might be the only exception to that, but I hate using the term for us. To me, she is both less and more than a friend. Sometimes I feel as if she’s the other part of me. The part I wished I could have, but is kept from me.”

“I don’t know what you mean,” I said.

“Neither do I. When I knew her as a mortal being, something in her moved me. I think it was her courage. She was so brave. I was jealous of her.”

“That’s not how you described her. No brave girl would screech and jump on chairs at the sight of bugs and rodents.”

“Wouldn’t she? What if that same girl, after her initial shock, forced herself off the chair and went back to work? She could be mortally terrified of some harmless little fuzzball, but still cook dinner for her family. Isn’t that bravery? Isn’t courage nothing but the strength to face what frightens you?”

I said nothing.

“In a strange way, I envied her weakness. She was thin and frail, and would break down crying if you scolded her. But her weakness gave her the opportunity for strength. When she labored alongside heartier women, and dried her tears after each scolding, she was stronger than I could ever hope to be. I’m the most powerful living thing in Gensokyo, but what virtue is in that? How can I be brave when nothing poses a threat to me? How can I have strength of will when every plant, animal, youkai and human already bow to me?”

“You portray your life as a lonely one,” I said.

“I don’t ask for pity,” she said. “I deserve none. I’m only explaining why Yuyuko’s human self attracted me so. To put it simply, I liked her. We talked away hours under that cherry tree, away from her life at the village. Sometimes we would go for walks through the fields. I enjoyed imparting a feeling of freedom and safety to her, for she knew no beast or youkai could harm her in my presence. Even so, I felt indebted to her. I wanted to show my feelings in some substantial way. I offered her gifts. I found her good clothes, hair ribbons, jewelery, scarlet rouge and other silly things. I thought a human woman might appreciate all that. She graciously accepted whatever I gave her. But I soon realized she didn’t care anything for those gifts. What made her happiest was my own company. Having someone to talk to. Her family loved her, but even the closest families to tire of each other. But I never tired of her. Nor she of me.”

“So,” I said. “If you knew her before she died, you must have known her when she died.”

“I did. But I wasn’t there when it happened. At least not in the beginning. A few years after I met her, both her parents came down with some awful disease. I never found out why, but I guessed a fairy fell into a village well and contaminated their water supply. Several humans in that town died of magical maladies. Some people’s skin sloughed off their bones, and other’s internal organs went to mush. Still others had only runny noses, their mucus a harmless blue goo that stunk worse than rotten potatoes.”

I winced. “What of Yuyuko and her family?”

“Her parents’ symptoms were worst of all. Their bodies burned with fever so hot that it cooked their tissues. They both died in their sleep, and by morning their skin was charred as if they had been turned over a fire.”

Both my physical and ghostly halves put hands over our mouths. I didn’t want to picture what Yukari described, but I couldn’t help myself. My dinner threatened to come up. I closed my eyes I willed my stomach to settle.

“Was Yuyuko affected as well?”

She shook her head. “She didn’t drink of the spoiled well, if that’s what you’re asking. But she suffered no less than those who did. The loss of her family devastated her. There was no one to care for her, and she was anything but self-sufficient. I took her in and provided for her. I knew I couldn’t fill the void her parents left, but I hoped to show her she wasn’t unloved.”

Yukari looked away from the tree, turning her back on it. I turned too, so that I could see her face as she spoke.

“I don’t know how well I did. She overcame the worst of her grief, but she was never the same. She seemed...” Yukari paused, looking for the word. “...hollow is the best way to say it, I suppose. Too rarely did I see her smile. And every smile was forced, with no honest mirth behind it. Nothing gave her the same pleasure it once had. Reading a good book, conversations with me, or sitting under her favorite cherry tree on a sunny day. And do believe, she spent many hours under that tree.”

She looked over her shoulder, back at the Ayakashi. “A great many indeed. That’s where she died, you know. In her sorrow, she took little care of herself. She ate too little, and was never a big girl to begin with. She lost weight and fell sick often. But her failing body never stopped her from making daily trips to that stupid tree. That’s where I found her after she had stopped breathing. She died young, even by human standards. And I have every reason to think the tree was her last sight as a mortal.”

Yukari scowled at the Ayakashi, as if sizing up an enemy. We stood in silence for a moment. Yukari’s description of Yuyuko was totally alien to me. My mistress was a carefree and happy soul. She could find something to laugh at in the worst of tragedies. Granted, that personality had caused me some hardship, but I still wouldn’t have Yuyuko any different. And to think that she had been different, as Yukari described her, made no sense to my mind. I couldn’t bring myself to believe they were the same.

“And you say that’s the origin of the Saigyou Ayakashi?” I said.

Yukari nodded, looking forward again. “I mourned when Yuyuko’s mortal self passed away. I had been closer with her than any other being in all my long life. Imagine my joy when I learned that she had come to be ruler of Gensokyo’s netherworld. She retained no premortem memories, and seemed happier for it. She knew was human, and that she had died, and that her life had been hard. But she recalled no more, and didn’t care to. It was surprisingly fun to introduce myself to her for the first time again. We quickly became as close as we had in Gensokyo. All that, of course, came after my initial shock at first seeing this place. I was disgusted when I first came here, saw she had brought that blasted tree with her. I tried to dismiss it in the beginning. It was big and beautiful, I told myself. It blossomed fully, like a monument to life itself. But an age has passed, and what I had feared is now happening. The tree is withering. It’s an ugly sore on Hakugyokuro’s landscape. It shows the pain Yuyuko feels in her heart. Her sorrow that she can’t help the lost spirits any more than anyone could have helped her when she was lost herself. But she refuses to admit that pain, even now.”

“Can we help her?” I said. “I’m sure if we talk with Yuyuko-sama, we can make her come to terms with herself. Show her there are people who care for her, and that she needn’t rely on objects.” I stole my own glance back at the Ayakashi. “No matter how grand they may be.”

“Don’t you think I’ve already tried?” said Yukari. “I’ve had sixteen times your age to talk with her. I’ve reasoned, cajoled, coaxed, yelled, shouted, pleaded, screamed, cried, begged, and more emphatic forms of communication that the current language doesn’t have verbs for. Every time I get the same from her. She doesn’t know what I’m talking about. She would do better if it made me happy, but she has no idea what she’s supposed to do.” She sighed. “I had given up.”

“Do not give up!” I said, one of my teacher’s old maxims flying out of my mouth. Both my hands bunched into fists. “Giving up is worse than honestly failing! There has to be something you haven’t yet done.”

She smiled at me again. “You’re right. I said I had given up. But upon seeing you, I’m thinking better of it. It’s ironic. One young half-ghost might solve the problem I’ve beat my head against for centuries.”

“Again you call my race into the matter,” I said. “What does my being a half-ghost mean to you?”

“Everything,” she said. “Come with me.”

Yukari turned again, facing the Ayakashi. She began walking up the root, taking the gentle slope that eventually lead up to the tree’s base. I winced. I didn’t want to follow her barefoot. The bark cut into my tender feet badly enough just standing still. I glanced back at my socks and shoes, still drying on the root a few feet back, and rejected that idea. I could follow along side the root, walking on soft earth instead of hard tree. But the root rose as it went, and soon became taller than me. I would have to step up at some point, or be left behind.

I padded along.

“Please go slowly, Yukari-sama!” I called after her. “My feet are too accustomed to a gardener’s shoes.” 
Go slowly she did. I was grateful for it. Not only for the bark under my feet, but for the great difference in our strides. Without her hand on my hand, forcing me to keep pace, I realized her long legs took steps half again the size of mine. I worked to match her speed. We walked up the steady incline of the root, the Ayakashi coming closer.

“Humans in Gensokyo have a word for what I have in mind,” Yukari said as we went. “They call it an intervention. A man may make himself sick indulging in too much drink or smoke. He may want to stop, but his addiction is too strong for his own broken will. If he’s lucky, his loved ones will step in. They take away his liquor and pipe weed. He may threaten and demand and bargain to get his vice back, but his family’s decision is absolute. He will never again drink or smoke, if they have anything to say about it. And once the man’s withdrawal has passed, he finds himself grateful to his family. For they did what needed to be done, which he himself could not do.”

“You wish to intervene with Yuyuko-sama?” I said. “Forcibly take the Ayakashi from her? Then you have greater problems than earning her temporary ire. You might simply fail. She is no trifling ghost, but an immensely powerful spirit. She isn’t to be taken lightly.”

Yukari looked down to me. Her eyes burned with indigo flame.

“Neither am I,” she said.

That silenced me. I hadn’t thought of it, but a hard truth hit home just then. Yukari could kill me.

“I know Yuyuko’s might, for I am her equal,” said Yukari. The light was gone from her eyes. She kept walking. “And you are correct to think her power supersedes mine while in the netherworld. I can affect nothing here directly. But Hakugyokuro and Gensokyo are inextricably bound, for human ghosts must transfer from one country to the other. I will change my own country, and through that I can change Yuyuko’s country.”

We were nearing the Ayakashi’s base. The root had risen and widened up from the ground. Yukari and I could now easily stand abreast as we walked, and the wet ground was many feet below us. We couldn’t walk much farther. Shortly ahead, the swampy basin ended. The ground took a sharp incline to form the plateau upon which the Ayakashi stood. We could no longer follow the root up unless we wanted to start climbing.

Here Yukari stopped. She craned her neck back, looking straight up to the tree’s bare canopy above us. Seeing those bony branches stand against the sky, so high up and far away, gave me a sense of vertigo. The Ayakashi seemed bigger each time one looked upon it.

“I will intervene,” said Yukari. “It will hurt me. Any intervention hurts the family as much as the man whose addiction is broken. But that makes it no less necessary. Thankfully, the family has strength in numbers on its side.” She looked to me. “It’s always easier with help.”

“Tell me what you plan,” I said. “I’ll decide if I should help you.”

“As you should,” she said. “Your trust wouldn’t be worth earning if it were easy to earn. As I said, my power doesn’t follow me into Hakugyokuro. I leave it behind in Gensokyo when I come here, and I reacquire it when I return there. But if I had a way to bring it here, I might be able to contest Yuyuko, and take the Ayakashi from her.”

“But how could you do that?” I said. “I don’t claim experience in magical matters, but serving Yuyuko-sama my whole life has taught me some things. The energy in Gensokyo is different in nature than that here. You could no more bring worldly magic here than summon an army of mortal men to storm Hakugyokuro. The netherworld wouldn’t permit it.”

“Very true,” said Yukari. “But then again, it’s not impossible to bring the premortem here. You have never died. Neither have I. Yet here we both are.”

“Nor am I alive in the mortal sense. My spirit has never dwelt in my flesh. I can exist here on a technicality.”

Yukari laughed. “Interesting way to put it.”

“And as for you.” I said, “You and your shikigami are not human, so your presence in Hakugyokuro already violates natural law.”

She held up a finger. “There you have it. You admit those laws can be broken. That’s how I’ll help Yuyuko, by doing more of the same. I already know how I can bring my power here. I’ll show you in a moment. But first, the deeper problem of what to do with my power once in the netherworld. It’s no more effective than a man trying to cut through a ghost with an axe, or a ghost trying to tear that man’s flesh from his bones. They simply pass through each other. The two exist on different planes, and so can’t harm one another.”

“Then what’s the point?” I said.

“You.” She put a hand to my face, again cupping my cheek in her palm. Caressing my temple with her thumb. “You are the catalyst. Your dual nature may allow you to change magical energy from mortal to immortal, or vice versa. That’s why I brought you out here. If you will trust me and try this, we might find that only you have the power to save Yuyuko.”

My heart thumped hard once. My mind rebelled against the idea. I was not important enough to be the only in any sense. But I badly wanted to believe what Yukari said. That I, insignificant little gardener of the netherworld, was the sole being able to help my mistress in such a profound way. I wanted it to be true. I wanted it as strongly as men who lust after women, and women who lust after vanity, and as both feel a need to be important.

Importance. Here it was offered to me, and I was ravenous for it. I could earn revere from the mightiest beings. Whether they loved me or not, my deeds would demand that they respect me. Even Yukari Yakumo herself, the greatest of , would concede that I did what she could not. And my own mistress, Yuyuko Saigyouji the ruler of Hakugyokuro, would see me in a new light. Even treat me as an equal in some things. I would be more of a partner and less of a servant.

My breath caught in my throat. I swallowed.

“I will try,” I said. “Show me how you bring Gensokyo’s magic here.”

Yukari nodded. She took her hand from my face, and turned as if to show her back to me. But her motion was sudden, and she slapped at the air as if she meant to swat a bug. There she caught something. The air itself seemed to resist her hand, but she was stronger than it. She pulled down, and a black split ripped and widened, trailing behind her fingers. It was shaped liked a lateral cut in someone’s flesh, but no blood came out. There was nothing at all in the place where that gap led.

I looked away and covered my eyes. I didn’t want to see the darkness outside. Yukari used it as a means of travel, both within worlds and between them. In that place there is no matter, energy or space. The lack of those things also means there is no travel time from anywhere to anywhere else. I can accept that, but I will never approve of its use. The emptiness beyond reality is not fit for living things. Yukari invoking it now reminded me to be cautious. I didn’t know her as I did my own mistress. She might not deserve the distaste of my first impression of her, but neither did she yet deserve my trust.

“Just a minute,” she said. “I need something I forgot to bring.”

She reached into the gap, sticking her arm in up to the shoulder. I kept my eyes positioned just so that I could see most of her, but not what she had put her arm into. She rummaged around for a moment, like bear trying to paw honey out of a beehive. Then her face lit up.

“There!” she said, pulling her arm from the gap. It shut behind her. A little pop sounded from the air snapping back into place. “Look at this, Youmu.”

I turned my eyes up to her. In one hand she held a wooden carving of a bird. It seemed shaped in the likeness of a dove, but was smaller than one. It snugly fit in Yukari’s palm.

“Where did that come from?” I said.

“My living room.” Yukari held it out to me. “Here. Hold it.”

I didn’t sense any threat from a piece of woodcraft, so I took it in both hands. I looked it over, turning it over to see it from all sides. The workmanship was exquisite. The wood was dark and richly colored. The carving’s feathers, eyes and beak had been shaped with a finer woodworking tool than I knew existed. Its legs were tucked up against its underside, as if resting in a nest.

“It’s beautiful,” I said. “But why show me this?”

“That will be obvious once you learn its purpose,” said Yukari. “This is Ayashi Tori, a magical artifact. Like Lavatein I mentioned over dinner.”

I had to think to recall those two words.

“That’s an unusual name,” I said.

“You know the old language?” Yukari said.

“Not fluently. Only some common words, from what I retain of my lessons long ago.”

“Your memory serves you well. But I dislike its given title, so I have a nickname for it. I call it President Strangebird.”

I looked up at her. “You call it what?”

She smiled. “Think about it.”

I did, but first I searched her face. Seeing if she was making up nonsense at my expense. I saw no mischief there, only amusement. She was having fun with me to make a point. It took me a minute to make sense of it, but then I understood. I put a palm to my face. My ghostly half did the same.

“Kaichou,” I said. “With what respect is due, Yukari-sama, that’s horrible.”

“Oh come now,” she said. “Even you must appreciate a good joke now and again.”

“I do. That’s not a good joke.”

“Fine then. Its name is less important than what it does. Hold it up to the sky.”

The carving in both hands, I held it above my head as far as my arms would stretch. The Ayakashi’s bare branches were foreground to the sky.

I stood there for many long seconds.

“Is something supposed to happen?” I said. The blood was falling from my arms.

“You have to speak the pass-phrase to activate it,” said Yukari. “But I’m afraid you’ll laugh.”

“I promise you, I find nothing humorous about this.”

“Good! Then here goes.” She took a deep breath and shouted, “Vote for Strangebird!”





That was the limit. I knew she was toying with me. And I would have given her a very polite scolding for it, but I was distracted by the odd sensation of a wooden carving standing up in my hands.

I felt its sharp talons gripping the skin of my palms. Its feathers ruffled and its wings flexed. A girlish yelp came from me and I dropped the bird. Even in my surprise, I regretted letting go of it. It would fall to the Ayakashi’s hard root bark and shatter, or at least come away scuffed and nicked. It would bounce off the root and fall to the watery earth below, and we would spend an hour looking for it.

Yet none of that happened. Halfway between my hands and the root, the carving took flight. It beat its wings and flew off just as a bird would when released from its cage. It disappeared against the darkening sky.

Yukari cupped her hands around her mouth and called, “Come back, President!”

I thought her yell went unheard, and the wooden bird had gone never to return. But I heard the flap of wings, and then saw the bird glide back to us. It flew to Yukari and perched on her shoulder, beating its wings to balance before folding them behind its back.

“Please forgive Youmu, Mister President,” said Yukari. “She doesn’t know any better. She will learn to treat you with respect.”

The carving didn’t twitch as a bird would. It stood still on Yukari’s shoulder, looking down its beak at me. I stared back at it, my mouth hanging open.

“That thing is alive?” I said.

The carving beat its wings at me, as if trying to shoo me away. Yukari put a hand before it, calming it.

“Be polite, Youmu,” she said. “Yes, the president here is alive. Its life is a variation of youkai, magical energy bound together in patterns so complicated as to be a heart and mind. President Strangebird is a lesser form of that, but no less worthy for its part.”

“And what is that part?” I said. “Bringing your power from Gensokyo to here?”

Yukari nodded. “And conveniently enough, the president has come prepared for a demonstration. Hold up your arm like this.” She held a fist several inches before her breast, putting her forearm out as one would expect of a trainer of hawks or falcons. I kept my arms at my sides. Doing as she said hadn’t led to any good so far this evening.

“I doubt giving it a place to perch will improve its opinion of me,” I said.

The wooden bird beat its wings again. It lifted off Yukari’s shoulder and flapped over to me. I shied away from it, but it moved faster. It settled atop my head, gripping one talon into my hair and the other on my bow. I felt its claws digging into me.

Yukari laughed. “You’re wrong, it seems!”

I tensed all over. My fists bunched into tight balls. I fought the urge to whack the carved bird away. I didn’t want to touch it. It was a magical thing, and magic was unknown to me. So instead, I moaned like a schoolgirl who had just been told there was a bee on her shoulder.

“Please get it off me,” I said.

“Relax, Youmu,” said Yukari. “The president won’t hurt you. It just prefers a good vantage point to view its surroundings. It won’t find such, perched on the head of someone with so diminutive a stature. But a good president will make the best of things. Besides, it recognizes the need to be close to you. The two of you must work together to save Yuyuko.”

“Must that salvation involve this thing drawing blood from my scalp?” I said. And I learned right then how intelligent President Strangebird was. Its feet gripped my head more tightly. Fresh nails of pain shot down through my skull. I clenched my teeth and moaned again.

“Only if you insist on calling the president a thing,” said Yukari. “Show her, President, so she may understand.”

Enough was enough. I reached up, ready to rip the wooden creature off my head. I would peck the skin off my hands and tear out locks of hair, but that seemed a fair price to have it off me. My hands lost momentum on their way up. I suddenly felt as if I had held my breath for two straight minutes, light and dizzy. A shock of warmth pounded down through my head, and flooded down through my body after it. My eyes filled with bloody red patches, and I could see nothing. My skin was numb, and I could feel nothing.

“Easy!” said Yukari. “Be careful with her, President. Don’t force it all through her. Let her get used to it first.”

I could still hear, though half my other senses were gone. I couldn’t tell where Yukari’s voice came from. It seemed both above and below me, both before and behind me. Both inside me and miles away.

“Relax, Youmu. I’ve got you.”

The warmth went deeper than my flesh. It pierced me, went into the core of myself. It burned my heart with excruciating joy and exquisite pain. The sadness I knew when I had failed one of my teacher’s lessons. The happiness I knew when I won my mistress’s approval. The dread of an insurmountable pile of undone work. The satisfaction after the work was done. The love of beauty and honor and truth. The hatred of weakness and stupidity and falsehood. All these things, the most intense of my emotions, came together all at once.

I laughed, and I cried. My sight returned slowly, as if a pressure on my eyes had been lifted. I could feel myself again, but only like my body was a foreign thing. I must have lost my balance and fallen, since I now lay on the root. But only my lower body was on the bark. Yukari held me from the waist up in a firm hold, hugging me to her. My face pressed against her breast.

I couldn’t stop laughing. It was the laugh of a madman. The laugh of one forced to feel so much at once that she can’t feel anything. Yukari rocked me back and forth, trying to calm me.

“I’m sorry,” she said. “I shouldn’t have brought the President with a full load.”

“A full load!” I said, and I found the phrase hilarious. I laughed harder. Fresh tears flooded from my eyes and soaked into Yukari’s dress. She held me tighter, as if to keep me from laughing myself to pieces. She spoke then, in a low and even tone.

“Yes,” she said. “The Ayashi Tori was saturated with energy from Gensokyo. It’s designed to hold magical power of nearly any variety, though it has little absolute storage due to its small size. I haven’t yet worked around the limitations of material capacity. But the power it carries is often enough for spontaneous casting in precarious situations.”

Speaking in monotone and using colorless words, Yukari pulled me back from mania. My laughter eased, leaving me feeling empty and tired. My face was wet. I used her dress to dry myself, but didn’t notice until after I had done so. I was embarrassed.

“I’m fine,” I said, my voice scratchy. My throat was raw.

“Are you sure?” she said. “The President was too harsh. I should have known he would try transfer all his power at once.”

I pulled myself out of her hold, sitting up on the root bark. There I stayed, and my chest heaved as I caught my breath.

“What happened?” I said. “What did that bird do to me?”

“See for yourself.” Yukari put her fingers to my cheek, gently turned my head around.

I saw my ghost. My breath left me again.

My spirit had been floating nearby this whole time, her face likely showing the mix of pain and mirth I had just suffered. Now she showed only surprise, mimicking how I felt.

My ghost was glowing, emitting a dusty rose color. It was the brightest light nearby, illuminating the root and we on it like a dozen oil lamps. The light hurt my eyes, after adjusted to the evening’s dark.

“Good heavens,” I said.

“I didn’t expect that to happen,” said Yukari. “But I suppose it makes sense. Congratulations, Youmu. You’ve just changed your first batch of magic from mortal to immortal. Your ghost is full of energy that can affect the netherworld.”

“How?” I said. “Why? What should I do?”

“We’ve spent all evening answering those questions, silly girl. Stand up, first thing. You’ll feel better if you open your lungs.”

Yukari got her arms under mine and lifted me to my feet. She showed no muscular build like her shikigami, but she was strong, and she lifted me as if I were no heavier than a scarecrow. I stood, but only with her help. My chest still worked to regulate my breathing. Yukari leaned down, lowering her mouth to my ear, and she whispered. Her breath tickled me.

“Youmu,” she said. “Can you consciously move your ghost?”

“Yes,” I said between breaths. “I can’t send it far from my body, but I can control them both alike.”

To demonstrate, I held up a hand. My ghost mirrored the gesture.

“Good,” Yukari whispered. “Then touch your ghost to the tree. I believe that will complete the transfer.”

I was eager to be rid of these feelings, so I did as she said. My ghost lowered until its feet touched the bark of the root. The difference was immediate. The intense love and sorrow fell out of me, like water from a sink when the drain is pulled. It matched the look of my ghost. The pink glow emptied from her, absorbed into the Ayakashi’s root, and the light faded into nothing. We were left in dark once again. Yukari still held me up. I was limp in her hands. Having magical power pumped through me was exhausting. I couldn’t imagine how mages did it.

“Excellent!” said Yukari. “It works just like I’d hoped.”

I leaned back against her. It was more intimate than I ever wanted to be with any youkai, but I stood with her support or not at all. As if in gratitude, Yukari put her arms around me and held me steady.

“Nothing happened,” I said. “The magic is gone.”

“The Ayakashi is big, Youmu. That much power was like adding a cup of water to a lake. But if you refill that cup again and again, eventually....” Her voice trailed off. She gasped, looking up at the bare branch canopy. She pointed to the sky. “Look! Up there!”

I bent my neck back I looked up to where she pointed. I squinted, but nighttime was upon us. It was too dark.

“I can’t see anything,” I said.

“You can’t?” she said. “Oh, yes. Human eyes. I forgot. Then let’s get up close, shall we?”

“Get up close to—whaagh!”

I made that surprised noise with good reason. Yukari took me by the shoulders and turned me around to face her. Then she knelt down, wrapped one arm around both my thighs, and hefted me over her shoulder like a sack of oats. Her shoulder pressed into my belly. I saw the ground behind her.

“What are you—put me down!”

“Don’t worry, Youmu. I won’t drop you.” Yukari took two quick steps forward, and started jogging up the root. She ran towards the steep slope that lead up the Ayakashi’s base. I bounced along on her shoulder, which repeatedly punched the air out of me.

“Where are you taking me?” I said. And then I made a sound that might be written as, “Aa-eeeeee!”

Again, a totally justifiable exclamation. Where the root became too steep to walk, Yukari jumped up it, like a hypertensive mountain goat. She easily cleared a dozen feet per jump, going from ledge to ledge that stuck off the root bark. Her grip on me was firm. She didn’t drop me, but I held on to her with every muscle in my body. Her hair whipped at my face as we ascended, getting in my mouth and forcing my eyes closed. I was grateful. If I looked, I would have seen the ground rapidly retreat below us. 
“Okay, Youmu. We’re here.”

My eyes were clamped shut. I clung to Yukari’s dress, waiting for this mad climb up the Ayakashi to be over. I worked for each breath. The air pressure dropped, and it popped my ears.

“You can let go of me now, Youmu.”

Wind swept my hair in every direction, and I feared my bow would come undone and flutter away to some unknown corner of Hakugyokuro. And I knew my dress had ridden up, showing my undergarments to whoever cared to see. Yukari’s suggestion of my being married was now beyond ridiculous. No man would take a wife who had flashed the whole netherworld. I would give Yukari a very stern admonishment when she finally let me down.

“Let’s bring you back to the land of the wakeful.”

I felt the oddest sensation, and I realized my principle weakness while draped over Yukari’s shoulder. My rear end, covered only with modest bloomers, was in easy reach of Yukari’s free hand.

My head jumped up. My eyes snapped open.

“Ouch!” I slapped a hand back at her, wriggled to get free of her hold. She let me roll off her shoulder. I tumbled to the ground, which was still the Ayakashi’s bark. Thankfully, I landed on my hands and knees, and not on my swords. I crawled away from Yukari. Once my back was against the tree’s trunk, I glared at her. I clenched my teeth. Tears stood out in my eyes.

“You pinched me!” I yelled at her. “I feel violated!”

Yukari brushed her hands against each other, as if finishing off a good day’s work.

“But it sure brought you out of your coma, didn’t it?” she said. “Never mind that. I brought you up here to show you something.”

“Up here?” I said. I looked side to side, and realized I couldn’t see earth in any direction. Only the Ayakashi’s root below us. I leaned towards the root’s edge and looked down. My stomach clenched. My knuckles went white in my grip on the bark.

The ground was much farther below us than I expected. We were on a branch, not a root. A wide bough at least two hundred feet up in the air. A deadly drop below us, I saw a wide geometric shape spread out on the ground. Lady Yuyuko’s house, though I didn’t recognize it at first. I had never seen it from above.

“Sweet mercy.” I backed away from the edge. I retreated to the nook where the branch elbowed with the tree trunk. I bunched up and held myself tight.

“Don’t look down,” said Yukari. “Look over here.”

She pointed to a crooked branch, sprouting up off the bough on which we stood. I didn’t see what she wanted me to see. There was nothing but bare wood, just like the rest of the tree.

“What are you pointing at?” I said, though my voice came out louder than I meant. It sounded like an accusation.

“It must be too dark for your eyes, even this close.” She held out a hand to me. “Come here.”

“I’m not moving!” I said. “The wind could blow me off if I stand up.”

“Do you think it matters? Even if you fell, I’d catch you long before you hit the ground.”

I shook my head. “No!”

She sighed. “You have to move eventually, Youmu. Do you want to stay up here forever?”

She had a point. Still, my muscles were locked in place. I no had desire to stand, but I needed to.

“Do you promise,” I said, “to see me down safely?”

“Of course I do. I could hardly look Yuyuko in the face if I got her servant killed.”

“Very well,” I said. I forced my arms and legs to bend, pushing me to my feet. “I am a swordsman of Konpaku. I do not fear, least of all death.”

Those words were merely to coax myself along. I didn’t care to appear brave before Yukari. As if I even could have, at this point.

“Then stand up and get yourself over here, you silly ghost woman,” she said.

I stepped forward and grabbed Yukari’s hand in both my own. I felt better to hold something, even as the wind pushed against me, threatened to send me tumbling off the branch.

“Now look,” said Yukari, pointing to the bare branch again. “See this?”

Closer now, even in the near dark of this night, I saw what she had brought me up here for. I blinked, to ensure my eyes weren’t fooled. My breath caught.

Hanging off tip of the crooked branch was a small stem, ending in a cherry blossom. The little pink flower bobbed up and down in the wind.

“This can’t be,” I said. I took one hand from Yukari, cupped it around the blossom. It tapped against my palm as the wind moved it. It was real. A part of of the Saigyou Ayakashi had bloomed. A tiny part.

“Even better than I hoped,” said Yukari. “The magic power manifest itself immediately. I expected it to take some time to show.”

“But it’s nearly winter!” I said. “No tree should be blossoming now.”

“This blossom has nothing to do with seasons,” she said. “This is your doing.”

“Hardly.” I stood up straight, letting the flower flop in the wind. I still held onto Yukari’s hand. “The magic is all yours, Yukari-sama. I merely lay there and suffered while it happened.”

“It gets better the more you do it. It won’t be so bad the next time.”

I looked at her, and remembered how angry I was for being molested. I squeezed her hand as tightly as I could, but she seemed not to notice.

“Next time?” I said. “Is this what you wanted from me? Use me as a pump to get your power into Hakugyokuro?”

“With good reason, you’ll remember. But no. I don’t want you just to sit and change magic from mortal to immortal. I also need you to collect it and bring it here.”

“Why must I? Why can’t you go and gather it yourself?”

“Because I need to work on making this all possible. When you start gathering Gensokyo’s energy, it’ll be easy at first. But the more you bring here, the harder it’ll be to find. Unless I focus the energy together, you won’t get enough of it to make a difference. I’ll be at my home in the mountains, keeping Gensokyo cohesive so that you can harvest it.”

“I could never hope to complete this,” I said, looking down at the blossom again. “If that much was only enough to make one little flower, it would take years to bring enough power to change the Ayakashi.”

“Magic doesn’t quite work that way,” said Yukari. “It’s more multiplicative than additive. As you bring Gensokyo’s magic here, not only will the Ayakashi bloom more, but the rate at which it blooms will increase. It’s going to be a lot of work, but worthwhile. And besides, I have a few tools that will make the work easier.”

Yukari had a hand in her dress pocket. From it, she pulled out President Strangebird, which had now gone back to its inanimate self. Its wings and legs were folded up. It was once again only a wooden carving.

“This is one of those tools.” She put the carving in my hand, closed my fingers around it. “Remember the pass phrase to activate it, the one I used down below. It automatically deactivates once drained of energy. But if you wish to disable it before then, speak its other pass phrase.”

“Which is?”

“One one, two two, one nine six three.”

I put the President in my pocket. “A random sequence of numbers?”

“Not random,” said Yukari. “Those numbers signify the end of a presidency. Also, you’ll have a hard time gathering any magic if you can’t get around, so I’ll enchant one of your swords with limited gap power. That way, you’ll be able to go anywhere within Gensokyo.”

“Gap?” I said. “The way you travel?”

She nodded. “The same.”

I swallowed. “I don’t think that’s necessary.”

“It is. Unless you want to huff all across Gensokyo on foot. Then it really will take years to make a difference. We’ll also need some way to get you in and out of Hakugyokuro. That’s a lot harder than cutting gaps within the same dimension, so I’ll have to set up a dedicated portal somewhere. But we can work out the details later. I’ve kept you up here long enough. Shall we go down?”

“Yes,” I said. “So long as the trip down is easier than the trip up.”

“Oh, much easier. Or I should say, simpler.”

“What do you mea—”

And that was all I could say before she once more threw me over her shoulder. I tried to get a good grip on her, make myself steady for the decent, but I had no time.

Yukari turned and jumped off the branch.




There is no experience like falling from a great height. You feel as though all your internal organs are trailing up a dozen yards behind you. The wind tears at your face, peeling your eyes open and pulling your lips back from your teeth. Your own voice is lost in the noise, even as you scream your throat raw. The ground races up faster than anything should be able to move.

This was going to kill me. I would soon join my father on the far side of the Sanzu River. I wished I had gotten the chance to say goodbye to Yuyuko.

Two seconds before we hit, our fall slowed. Yukari held her hand down, fingers spread wide, as if she were warding the ground away. My relative weight increased, pressing Yukari’s shoulder harder into my gut. Our velocity lessened until we had come to a near stop, and we were inches above the ground. Yukari stepped down onto it, her feet sinking into the wet earth.

“That was fun!” she said.

I tumbled off Yukari’s shoulder. I hit the ground on my shoulder and hip, but I hardly felt it. I trembled all over, gasping for breath. The swampy ground dipped under me, and water soaked into my clothes. That minor shock of cold was the straw that broke my back. I got my hands and knees under myself, and I threw up on the dirt. My dinner came out in a rush, cutting off my air for a few seconds.

“Ew!” Yukari stepped back from me, so that I didn’t vomit on her feet. “I’m sorry, Youmu. I didn’t know you had a problem with heights.”

“That’s quite—” I coughed, and I spat bile. “—quite all right. Ran’s meat wasn’t agreeing with me anywa—”

My stomach roiled. I retched again, throwing up the last of my stomach’s contents.

When it was over, crawled away from the mess I had just made, and collapsed onto my back. My swords jutted into my lower back, forcing my pelvis to arch up, but I hardly cared. I lay there for a while, catching my breath. Feeling my gums swell from the stomach acid I had spat up. The earth sank under me. A Youmu-shaped puddle of cold water formed where I lay. I wanted nothing better than to rest here, but I couldn’t stay. I would eventually drown.

“Yukari?” I said.

“Yes?” She stood by, waiting for me.

“Where did we land? How far is it back to Yuyuko-sama’s house?”

“Not far, as the President flies,” she said. “But it’ll be a trip on foot. We have to walk all around the Ayakashi’s roots.”

“No challenge for you,” I said. “ You can simply jump over them.”

“I won’t. Seeing how that affected you, I wouldn’t do it again. Rest for a bit, if you need, and I’ll carry you home.”

I raised a hand, pointed at her. “You are not carrying me anywhere!”

“Would you rather walk?”

I dropped my hand, and it splashed on the dirt.

“You make a persuasive argument.”

“Don’t worry your puked-out little head, Youmu. I’ll take slow steps, and we can go by the boring scenic route. No jumping, falling, or other superhuman feats of athleticism. I’ll even carry you piggyback style.”

“I’ll get dirt on your dress,” I said.

“I don’t care.” She stepped over to me, began the slow process of prying me up off the ground. “There are much worse ways to be filthy than dirty clothes.”





I had my arms around her neck, and relaxed my head against her back. My legs were wrapped around her waist. She had both her hands under my thighs, holding me up. My swords hung off my back and clacked together as we walked. The dark and swampy landscape scrolled by us. She would first carry me to the root where I had dropped my shoes and socks, and then take me back to Yuyuko’s house. I bounced behind her, in time with her steps.

“Youmu,” she said. “I have a question.”

I didn’t want to talk. Didn’t want to put the effort into speaking. I wanted to close my eyes and sleep.

“Ask,” I said.

“Will you do it?”

“What?”

“The favor I asked of you.”

Should I have paused and considered? Should I have given her some noncommittal answer? Told her I would think on it and give a response later?

No. My mind was made up. As little as I liked Yukari, I had to admit one fact. I loved seeing even one blossom upon the Saigyou Ayakashi. I knew my mistress would love it even more. And if it were for her own good, breaking her of obsession of an object, then so much the better.

“Yes,” I said. “But not tonight.”

“Not tonight,” said Yukari. “We can start sometime late tomorrow, or early the day after. I’ll come find you when things are ready. Hopefully I can take you without Yuyuko’s notice.”

“She will notice,” I said. “But I can disguise my errand. She sends me to Gensokyo on occasion, for supplies.”

“Good. So you’re not totally unfamiliar with the mortal realm.”

“No. I know the place.”

She walked on in silence. The talking was over, and I was ready to rest my head against Yukari’s back. But something caught my eye. As we went, gentle waves went through Yukari’s hair. The wind occasionally picked it up, tossing it into my face. But this worried me less than what I saw under her hair.

On the back of Yukari’s neck, a small red spot stood up from her skin. The kind you would see on a greasy-faced human teenager, but never on a youkai queen. Youkai, by their bizarre nature, are often fantastically beautiful. Their faces are lovely. Their bodies are alluring. Their skin is perfectly clear. None more so than she who now carried me.

“Yukari-sama,” I said. “There’s something on your neck.”

“What’s that?” she said. “A bug?”

Submitting to a foolish impulse, I reached up and put a finger to the red spot. It felt hot and fatty, as if it would easily burst under pressure. I hurt Yukari doing this. She hissed, inhaling through clenched teeth.

“That stings!” she said, putting a hand to the back of her neck.

“I’m sorry,” I said. I put my hand back where it belonged, keeping myself from falling off her.

“No. I’ve hurt you far worse this evening.” She got her hand back under my leg.

“But where did that come from?” I said. “I’ve never seen you with blemishes. You’re Yukari Yakumo.”

“Believe it or not, Youmu, I’m not perfect.”

“You’ve had blemishes before?”

“It’s possible for me to get the odd zit now and again,” she said. “Especially after exhausting days like today.”

That sentence confused me. For one, this was the first time I heard the word zit, though I could guess what it meant. For two, Yukari seemed to misunderstand what caused a zit. Humans didn’t get acne from weariness, but from unwashed faces. For three, she hadn’t answered my question.

“I see,” was all I said. But Yukari’s body being less than perfect nagged at my mind for a long while.





Yukari brought me back to the house. She set me down outside and allowed me to go indoors on my own feet. I was grateful. I already have enough to explain, if anyone saw me. Wet and shivering cold. Mud all up the backside of me, on my legs and dress and in my hair. I was sure I still smelled of vomit. And beyond all that, why had Yukari and I been out so late?

The Yakumos stayed with us overnight. Yukari, Ran and Chen all retreated to the guest bedroom to prepare for sleep. For myself, the first order of business was to get a long drink of water. With my stomach emptied, I couldn’t even think of food. But I was parched.

I rinsed the dirt out of my hair, and used a washcloth to scrub off my limbs. Once clean, I left the kitchen and made for my bedroom. I stripped from my soaked dress, throwing those garments in the corner for later laundry. I opened my closet, looking for dry bedclothes, but found something entirely different. A pink-haired ghost had been curled up among my wardrobe, and she poked her head out at me.

“Boo!” she said.

I fell back in shock. My bare buttocks hit the floor, and I realized my mistake. In my eagerness to get out of wet clothes, I had peeled down to the skin before finding anything new to wear. I was naked, all but for the black bow in my hair. I placed my hands in strategic areas to cover myself.

“Yuyuko-sama!” I said. “You startled me!”

She stood and floated out of the closet. She was in her evening kimono, the robe she wore to bed. I had often complained at her choice of night wear. The only difference from her daytime clothes was that this robe more easily showed her bosom and legs. I didn’t care to see those details of my mistress.

Then again, at the moment, I had little basis to accuse anyone of dressing lewdly.

“What do you expect of me?” she said. “I’m a ghost. But I’m not the one facing inquisition here. You need to explain your behavior, little miss.”

“Could inquisition be postponed until I’m clothed with something more than my hands?”

“Absolutely not!” Yuyuko knelt down beside me. The neck of her robe revealed much more than I wished to see. “If I give you any prior warning, then the outcome of the questioning is tainted. I need to surprise you to get the truth out of you.”

“Please consider me perpetually surprised.”

“Good! Then answer this. I only told you to go check on Yukari. Why did that take so long? Why didn’t you two come back until after dark?”

“I’m sorry for the delay,” I said. “The truth is, she wished to speak to me.”

“What about?”

I didn’t answer immediately, and I knew how suspicious that seemed. I realized a flaw in Yukari’s plan. I couldn’t lie to Yuyuko. When away from my mistress, it was easy to talk about disguising errands and hiding truth. But under her gaze, my mind was blank. Nothing mattered but being a good servant.

“I...,” was all I could say. My mind ran in circles. I couldn’t lie, but I couldn’t tell her the truth. But I couldn’t lie, and I could not tell her the truth.

Yuyuko put a finger on my mouth. “Wait. You’re embarrassed about something.” She put a hand to my cheek. “Your face is bright red. You weren’t two-timing on me, were you?”

“Two-timing?” I said. I didn’t know what the phrase meant.

“Finding a new mistress,” she said. “I’ll be the first to admit, Yukari is beautiful and smart and strong and wonderful. But don’t let her seduce you.” Her hand found its way to the back of my head, and she tousled my hair. “You’re mine, Youmu. I’m not letting anyone else have you.”

“No one seduced me. Yukari and I....” Again, my voice left me. Then I sighed. “Oh, if you must know. Yukari was planning a surprise for you. A gift. She asked for my help, out of sheer kindness on her part. She wanted to give me the opportunity to contribute, to show how I value you. But I wasn’t supposed to tell you.”

“Aw,” said Yuyuko, giving a hurtfully sweet smile. “That’s nice of you two. Well don’t you worry. I’ll pretend I’m none the wiser. When you give me whatever it is, you’ll see me implode with surprised delight!”

“Um. Implode, Mistress?”

“Yes. Just like this!”

Just as she had earlier, she wrapped both arms around my head and crushed my to her chest. All thoughts of my nakedness gone, I struggled for every gasp of air. I found a new technique for retaining my ability to breath while she hugged me. I levered my forehead against her chest and used the strength of my neck to free my mouth and nose. I had to keep my eyes closed while doing this, or see down into her robe.

“Oh, Youmu,” she said. “Some days, I think I might love you too much. Like a little girl who hugs her favorite doll so tightly that she breaks it.”

“That does seem an imminent possibility,” I said.

She pulled back, looked me in the eyes. She caressed the bangs off my brow, and she pressed a kiss to my forehead.

“I don’t know what I’d do if I lost you,” she said. “Promise you’re not going to leave me for Yukari?”

“I promise,” I said. “You’re my mistress, Yuyuko-sama. It’s been that way my whole life, and it will be that way my whole life.”

She smiled. “Good.” She hugged me again, but not in a skull-crunching wrestle hold. This was an honest hug, her arms around my back and her chin over my shoulder. I hugged her back.

“By the way,” she said. “Do put some clothes on before going to bed. Maidens don’t sleep in the nude. It’s inappropriate.”

I laughed. Whether from Yuyuko’s silliness, or I was so tired that it made me giddy, I don’t know.

Thinking on it, I don’t believe it matters.





Yuyuko left me. I was soon in my bedclothes and under the covers, ready to sleep. I looked up at the sky outside the window above my bed. The night was dark and featureless. Silence reigned in Hakugyokuro. I heard only my own breath and heartbeat.

This place was going to change, I knew. But wasn’t that always so? Yukari had said that things are always moving to either good or evil, and I know that to be true. I hoped that my actions, sabotaging the Saigyou Ayakashi, would have an ultimately good effect. I admit that hope with a slight shame. I didn’t hope for the best for its own sake, simply because it’s right to desire that good things happen. My motive was more personal.

I would do it for Yuyuko, of course. Only her interest I cared for. Seeing her smile for a century would be worth seeing her cry for five minutes. She deserved that from me. For her, I could do no less than everything. I could give her no less than my all. She is, after all, the mistress whom I love. 

The little show began from that moment. The perfect and elegant maid was once again performing her duties flawlessly and elegantly. While doing so, she happened upon the door to the room of her respected mistress.

"...Yeah. Sakuya will... give that....... then.... it...."

Inklings of a conversation could be heard from within the room. Sakuya at first thought against eavesdropping, but when she heard her name mentioned, she could not contain her curiosity. Sakuya furtively strained her ears to listen to the conversation inside the room. The voices... They belonged to the Remilia herself, as well as one other whose voice was so soft that Sakuya could not make out what the voice said clearly.

"Oh my, that's not good. You need to tell Sakuya properly this time." "......, .............."

Just what are they talking about? Though milady's voice is clear and pristine. She is truly, wonderfully charismatic.

"......, ........ ........." "Yes, that she must leave this place."

Eh? Huh? What did she just say?

Blood rushed to her head. The words had been heard, but she could not understand them. No way, that's impossible, it can't be... Leave this place, that must be, absolutely not...

Her body unconsciously lurched forward. She then placed her hand on her face. Calm down, I must calm down. I definitely must have misheard something. Come on, Sakuya, come on...

She managed to curb herself just as she reached her limit. Nothing less was expected of the dog of the devil. The time-manipulating head maid wasn't to be taken lightly.

"That girl'll be a nuisance by being around, after all."

Right to the heart. The finishing blow landed cleanly.

Farewell, Milady. Farewell. Farewell. I would rather choose death over being a nuisance to Milady. Thank you so much for everything up to now. The underwear that you had said you recently lost is actually in my room, so please feel free to take it back. I shall earnestly pray that this foolish maid can at least remain a twinkle in the sky of your memory. Goodbye......




".......?" "What's wrong, Remi?" "I thought I felt someone's presence in the corridor. ...Perhaps it was just my imagination."

Remilia had checked outside her room. But there was nothing there besides the traces of water stains in the splendid scarlet carpet underneath.




"......"


A depressed-looking human wandered aimlessly through the forest. The dog of the devil had become the devil's unwanted dog... no, she was no longer that, even. She was Sakuya Izayoi, just another stray dog. The misfortune around her was so great, even a certain Goddess would immediately back off and refuse to take her curses off her.

In any case, as she had sworn herself to one and only one mistress, the roads left to her were few. She could count on previous work experience to find further employment, but her pride would make her refuse the thought of serving more than one mistress. Just what could she do?

Perhaps death was the only option. But being a human, the faintest hint of hope stopped that thought in its tracks.

Maybe... Just maybe, that was really a mistake, and Milady is actually waiting for me to come back... Those thoughts that swirled around her head were the only things that kept the rope meant for her neck, and the knife meant for her wrists from being used.

As she walked around aimlessly, she ended up arriving at the Hakurei Shrine. Her feet had most likely taken her to places that she remembered traveling to with her Lady. She could see the red-white shrine maiden and the black-white magician in the area. The three-coloured girls seemed to be colouring something. Then, the girls noticed her presence.

"......Ugh, it's Sakuya."

A groan escaped Marisa's lips. Sakuya received her second fatal wound of the day. The words may have been trivial, but as she was now, they still caused heavy damage. The feeling of a stake of ice stabbing at her heart stopped her in her tracks. Ahh, so I'm actually despised this much... Reimu then seemingly inquired about Sakuya's state.

".....Sakuya, is there something wrong? Where's Remilia?" "....Nothing's wrong. I just thought I would drop by."

The mention of Remilia's name struck her heart, but the remnants of her pride kept her from showing it.

"Ah. ...Well, we're kinda busy today. If you don't have any business here, could you leave?"

The third attack. The defensive wall that her pride erected was no more. Sakuya's heart, looking for someone to save it, had been defeated by three grievous wounds.

"I see... I suppose so. I'm a nuisance, after all. ...I'm sorry, I shall leave at once." "Huh?"

Although truthfully, she had nowhere to return to. It took all her remaining willpower to keep her voice from cracking. Sakuya turned her back to Reimu and Marisa, and flew away into the sky at full speed.

"Goodbye!" "Ah, wait, I didn't mean...!"

Reimu tried to call out to her, but she was already too far away. She sighed loudly.

"I wonder what was wrong wtih her." "Who knows? But at least we can do this safely now." "That's true."

The two, busy with their many tasks, disappeared inside the shrine.





Where she was flying to, and how long she had been flying, not even she knew. She could figure out the time by her treasured pocket watch, but not even looking at it could improve her mood. Once again, Sakuya was wandering aimlessly.

The sun is starting to set, I should try to find somewhere to rest. Sakuya's muddled brain managed to work at that time at least.

"...Oh?"

She spotted a brightly lit house right at the edge of the Forest of Magic.


Ahh, that's right, that jogged my memory. I had visited that place together with Milady before. The places she often went to, and had memories of her mistress with, were just the Hakurei Shrine and there. At that point, she realized just how much of her time was spent at the Scarlet Devil Mansion.

Sakuya mindlessly flew towards the light. The shop with the slightly eccentric owner, the Kourindou.




She opened the door, and entered. The inside of the store was strewn with all sorts of odds and ends, yet the entire mess somehow evoked a mysterious feeling of harmony.

"Welcome. ...Oh, the head maid. Good evening." "...Good evening, shopkeeper. ...I'm not the head maid anymore." "I suppose that's something you'd rather keep to yourself?" "Well, yes. You could say that..." "...? ...Well, take your time and look around."

The shopkeeper's gaze then returned to the book he was holding. Upon hearing those words, Sakuya started to totter around the shop, looking as she walked. She had no plans to buy anything, all she did was look. It was what one would call window shopping. But a single item made her come to a complete halt.

"...Ah, this is..." "Hm? ...Ah, that. In the end, it's just been sitting there untouched. I wouldn't fault my customers for not buying it though."

Sakuya held a case with a teacup broken long ago in her hands. It had been converted into an item for sale. The shopkeeper was truly eccentric. Upon opening the lid, she found the broken cup and the polite note that she had left there.

Her Lady was in such high spirits then. As she closed her eyelids, the memories of that time... no, all the times with her Lady came flooding back.


"........Ooh........!"


Her despair grew larger as her chest tightened up. Milady, Milady, Milady... I am such a fool, yet you let me experience such a wonderful place... To be chased out of there... I must not have worked hard enough... Her eyes remain tightly shut, even as tears started to flow down her cheeks.

Sakuya then felt someone standing nearby. As soon as she noticed the presence, she opened her tear-stained eyes in that direction.

"....Um, I don't know what's going on... but you shouldn't cry in the middle of my shop like that. Anyway, you can use this."

The shopkeeper stood there with a perplexed expression, holding out a handkerchief.





Sakuya took a seat on a nearby item, and used Rinnosuke's handkerchief to wipe her tears away as she explained what happened at the mansion. Rinnosuke occasionally nodded as he silently listened.

"...So after I left the Scarlet Devil Mansion ,I am now nothing more than a wanderer... *sniff*" "...I see. It must have been tough."

Whatever the case, don't use that handkerchief for your nose, Rinnosuke thought. But those words couldn't escape his mouth.

"......*sigh* Just where did I go wrong?" "Hmm, I can't say I know what it's like... but did you ever hear the reason from your Lady directly?" "...No. But a mistress's words are absolute to a servant. They are to be acted on, not thought about. Since Milady had spoken as such..." "Hmm."

Rinnosuke folded his arms and hummed. He then came to a conclusion.

"Alright, I know." "....?"

Rinnosuke suddenly uttered those words, which caught Sakuya's attention.

"Do some information gathering to check whether you've really been fired or not."

Rinnosuke declared it plainly.

"...*sigh* And how does one do that?" "Hm. Well, there's the quickest way." "Which is?" "To hear it straight from the horse's mouth... from your Lady." "...Are you serious?" "Quite."

Sakuya's eyes gazed downwards.

"But... I don't know how should I approach her anymore..." "Just be yourself. ...From what I've heard, your Lady never actually told you to stop working for her, did she?" "......W-Well, that's true, but..."

It was true, she never said that. Her faith in what she had heard shook ever so slightly. But no, even if that was true, she couldn't just go back now.

"......" "Well, in the end, it's up to you. ...But as a busybody, I'll say this. ...I never saw your Lady as someone who would fire her servants for no good reason."

After finishing his sentence, Rinnosuke started to go back behind the counter. But his movement was suddenly stopped. He turned to see Sakuya holding his arm.

"I will go and ask her directly."

She asserted it definitvely. Her eyes was entirely different from when she entered, and were now clear as day. A mistress's orders may be absolute to a servant, but she still wanted to work as her servant as much as possible. If she was truly fired, she would think about it when it actually happened.

"Mm, you look committed now, that's reassuring. Well then, do your best..."

Once again, Rinnosuke tried to return behind the counter. Once again, his movement was suddenly stopped. Sakuya was still gripping his arm, with more strength than before. Rinnosuke turned to look at Sakuya. Her eyes were still slightly red from crying, but her face showed a sweet smile.

"...Why do you need me to go with you?" "Oh my, so you think you have no responsibility for the very words you spoke?"

Rinnosuke came to regret opening his mouth at all.





They returned to the Scarlet Devil Mansion. Night had come, and the mansion was filled with light in every room, emphasising its presence in the darkness. Two shadows stood in front of the gates. One was Rinnosuke, carrying a lamp. The other was Sakuya, surveying the area.

"...That's strange." "...What is?"

Rinnosuke asked with a tinge of irritation. But Sakuya continued on with her tense tone.

"Meiling and the rest... the gatekeeper squad isn't around." "...Wouldn't they be resting?" "There should still be a lookout at the gate at all times. There's supposed to be a 24-hour system in place." "Hm, would that mean something has happened?" "...Let's hurry."

The two then attempted to get past the gate. They started to open the small doorway next to the gate. As they were trying to open it, the gate suddenly opened by itself, and a figure emerged.


"...Meiling?" "Ah! Ms. Sakuya! So you're here, thank goodness! Everyone was about ready to go searching!" "Eh? Ehhh? Meiling, you mean... searching for me?" "Yes. Ms. Sakuya, Milady called for you a little while ago." "M-Milady did!?"

Sakuya was shocked upon hearing that her Lady had called for her. Rinnosuke sighed, and gave her a little nudge in the back. Sakuya let out a gasp and took a step forward. Meiling quickly took her hand and led her inside impatiently.

"Now, over here. Please hurry." "Here? Meiling, Isn't Milady's room over there?" "Ah, erm, that's... M-Milady is over here, really."

Meiling's eyes started to grow frantic. Before Sakuya could investigate further, a voice emerged from behind her.

"Well, alright then, do your best."

Sakuya turned around to see Rinnosuke waving his hand, and turning to head back. But thanks to the Rule of Three, his movement was once again stopped. Rinnosuke turned to glare at the arm holding his own.

"You've come this far, we're in this together now." "Why would that be!?" "Now now, let's get moving!"

If Rinnosuke had known about "Donna Donna", it might well have been playing through his mind at that point.



The three of them were led by Meiling to the door to the reception hall. She then knocked on the large door, and called out.

"Milady, Ms. Sakuya is here. Mr. Rinnosuke is with her as well." "...We're here, let me go back already."

Meiling's call was answered by a voice from within the room.

"Good work. You may enter."

It was, without a doubt, Remilia Scarlet's voice. Rinnosuke stole a glance at Sakuya's direction. She had finally released his arm from her grip.

Sakuya straightened her back and stood prim and proper. Her eyes were unshaken, and her resolve was true. She opened her mouth and spoke in an elegant tone.

"Excuse me."

Sakuya took a deep breath, then opened the door and entered the room.

She took.

Just one step.

And then.







"Happy Birthday, Sakuya!!!"

A deafening cheer.

The sounds of several crackers going off.

The falling multi-coloured confetti.

The brightly decorated room.

The masses of humans, fairies and youkai populating the reception hall.

The smiles on everyone's faces.



All of those sensations struck Sakuya in unison.



"....T-This is... What is this?"

The sudden developments left Sakuya in a daze. Her eyes wandered all over the room, utterly flustered. The sea of bodies then parted to make way for a few people, who started to walk towards Sakuya.

"Happy Birthday, Sakuya."

Remilia's exquisite expression was that of a child who had just pulled off her prank.

"Happy Birthday, Sakuya!"

Flandre's innocent smile shone through as she spoke.

"Happy Birthday, Sakuya."

Patchouli had a rare smile on her face.

"Eheheh, Happy Birthday, Ms. Sakuya!"

Meiling moved in front of Sakuya, and joined Remilia and the rest as she spoke.

"M-Milady, what is..."

Sakuya murmured in blank amazement. Remilia could only chuckle at her dumbfounded expression.


"My my. You didn't forget the day you started workng here, did you, Sakuya?" "Eh?" "It has been 10 years since the day you started working here, the day that became your birthday. Such an event deserves a large impact, don't you think? That's why we arranged this surprise birthday party. Although it wasn't my idea, admittedly." "Heh heh, if ya think something's missin', that's me!"

The grinning Marisa emerged from behind Remilia.

"Maaan, I was real scared that the whole jig was up when you came to the shrine." "I was talking with Patchy about it at first, but this eavesdropper here chimed in with all her suggestions, then it became like this. I gave it my approval since it sounded interesting." "This best way to celebrate this kinda thing is always a huge party!"

A smile played on Marisa's lips as she gave a thumbs-up.


"But we needed ya out of the way so you wouldn't find out. We had so many things to do here on the day itself that we couldn't have done if ya were here." "...That's right, so in the end, Patchy and I decided that we needed to get you out of the mansion until preparations were complete. ...It was quite fortunate for us that you seemed to go out by yourself." "...T-That means, in the morning..."

It was completely a mistake. Why! Why such an embarassing thing! Sakuya stumbled backwards in shock. But hands reached out to support her.

"...Well, that's how it is. Happy Birthday."

Rinnosuke spoke as he propped Sakuya back upright.

"You, knew from..." "I was requested to prepare the decorations and food. Isn't it good for you though? You worried for nothing."


This man knew everything from the start. Then, what have I been doing all this while? Jumping to conclusions, getting depressed, worrying, all by myself... It was all really a mistake. It really was...


Strength returned to her two legs. Rinnosuke then slowly removed his supporting hands.

The entire room was bustling. There was all sorts of people eating, drinking and talking beyond where she stood. As she looked around, she found even the mistress and servant of the Netherworld, and the people of Hourai. Sometime along the way, Marisa had joined the party with everyone else as well.

But Remilia and the rest kept standing in front of Sakuya. Sakuya was nearly unable to bear everyone's kindness towards her shameful self. It was an enjoyable form of sadness. But in the end...



It brought her such happiness.



"Milady, everyone.... thank you... very much."

She bowed deeply as she spoke. Her shoulders began to tremble.

"...Don't you have a handkerchief?"

Rinnosuke shook his head with a smile, took a new handkerchief from his pocket and held it out. In an instant, the handkerchief disappeared from the palm of his hand. A sleight of hand without any setup. Sakuya then lifted her head.


"I hope to... be in everyone's care from now on as well."

The most elegant of smiles brightened her face. Remilia, Flan, Patchouli and Meiling all couldn't help but smile as well.

The perfect and elegant maid.

The proud servant of the devil.

That person is Sakuya Izayoi.

Without any stopping of time, the Scarlet Devil Mansion continued partying throuhgout the night...


‘Well… you’re an odd one…’

‘You have horns on the top of your head…’

‘That’s strange… we don’t have any… not here…’

‘Eh… Oni?’

‘What is an ‘Oni’?’


No… Stop…


‘What are you… you are causing a nuisance…’


Don’t speak anymore… you’re… you’re…-


‘What do you mean, scared? You’re so adorable! How about you have this sweet?’


No… Stop it, this can’t be true!!


‘What’s this kid doing with a drink. C’mon, give it to the real man who can drink it!!’


NO! YOU’RE LYING!


The humans don’t fear Oni no more

 

‘Oh…’

That day, the fateful day that I met her, I had lost all but hope…

‘How unusual…’


The way she stood out from the crowd, it was as if she had an aura all around her that only I could see. The mischievous grin on her face, the way she held her parasol up high made her just striking.


‘To see an oni appear before people in this current day. Just what does she intend to now, I wonder?’


Her words reminded me of the harsh reality and the harsh question that I myself failed to realize.


Why am I here, today?


Why did I come here…


When did I start wandering…


How can I change this…


This way of living…

 


‘Wha?’


Feeling someone peering over me, I woke up and gave a loud shriek almost immediately.


‘AAAHHHHHH!’


‘Wow, it’s rare to see you out of it like this, ze.’


Standing in front of me, with a face that could resemble a decomposed body was Marisa. In a single instant, my heart went up to my throat and I screamed so loudly I feared the roof would fall on me.


‘AND YOU, TAKE OF THAT IDIOTIC MAKEUP!!’


Hearing Reimu scream at Marisa, I witnessed the amazing sight of Marisa being knocked several feet with just a single blow from Reimu.


‘GEEZ. Instead of helping with the cleaning, you’re just sleeping there…’


Walking over to me, Reimu bent down and wiped the drool of my face as I just dumbly stared into space.


The sake in my blood made it hard for me to concentrate and I just slurred back a reply to her.


‘Sowwy, Raymoo…’


‘Hmph.’


Turning red, Reimu just sort of shrugged and looked away before she grabbed her broom to poke at the corpse of Marisa.


‘Get up and get out of the way.’


‘Pfft… so you say those things to Suika huh… who was the one who was staring at Suika’s sleeping face and tickling her hair a moment ago.


‘N-NOW THAT’S A LIE!!’


‘H-Haha~’


Watching the rapidly steaming Reimu chase the tickled Marisa out and around the shrine’s courtyard, I could not help but laugh at how well the two of them get along.


‘Raymoo is so cute when embarassed~ heh~ and Mawisa is so mischievous and taunting… I wish they will be frank with their feelings…’


Commenting to no one but myself, I laid against the door and watched the fight while using my powers to clean up the mess that Reimu was cleaning up before me.


‘Hey you!! You’re ruining the flowers!!’


‘No I am not! You’re the one that is stepping in them, Marisa!!’


Arguing with each other over a random subject, I was greeted with the both of them pulling each other’s cheeks and then exchanging blows with their make shift ‘swords’ which was substituted for brooms.


‘Ha ha ha~~’


… why did I have an old dream like that?


What am I doing here doesn’t matter…


I never feel lonely when I am here…


Everyone is always lively and every day is interesting…


No one dislikes me and all of them likes me and accepts me…


NO.


That is a lie, Ibuki Suika…


‘Ha… ha… ha…’


Reminded of the fact that I am one of the strongest youkai in gensokyo, the books were totally re-written.



They just fear you, Ibuki Suika…


No… that is a lie…


Only Reimu would accept you as she is the Hakurei Shrine Maiden…


No… Marisa too… there is Youmu… Reisen… Sakuya…


Only Reimu would take you in… Ibuki Suika…


NO... … no…

 


‘… ha… ha…’

What if Reimu passed on… that day will come… it will definitely come one day… and I will live to see it.


It is cruel but yes, I will say Reimu pass on in front of me while I sit, helpless to do anything…


When that happens…


Who will take me in… who will accept me as… Ibuki Suika, the oni of Gensokyo.


I…

I...


I do not want to be feared…


Feeling the pain of reality hit me, my laughter went dry and as I felt my lips do the same, I drank another gulp of Sake and closed the doors behind me, covering Marisa and Reimu’s argument altogether..


‘What’s with Suika… she doesn’t look too good…’


‘Mm… she seems kind of disturbed.’


 

Group…


I just remembered… my people… in the land of the Oni…


I could still see them, staring at me with hatred and distrusts in their eyes when I took their treasures from them.


The ‘chain that will never break’ and ‘the gourd that will never be empty’. I wore them all over me as a sign of my victory over them and yet, all they could do was…


liar.' ‘You, Ibuki Suika, are a liar’


It had stung, the fact that I was called that by people of the same kind. It was true that sticks and stones may break my bones… and words will never hurt me.


But… for a brief moment, I felt betrayed and guilty.

They were the ones who laid the terms and they were the ones who were cocky at first.

I laughed at the sight when I threw the whole lot of them straight clear to the next mountain with my strength.


Yet…


They had the cheek to call me a liar…


Just because I defeated them…


Just because…


I wanted the relationship between Onis and humans to be restored.


Just for that reason, I was called a liar. Ahh… how life sucks…


‘… Bottoms Upsh!’

Sharing the drink with no one other than myself, I placed the bottle to my lips and I drank to my hearts content… 


 

You want to live with the humans again?’

‘What the heck are you talking about?’

‘We have nothing to do with the humans anymore!’

‘The humans don’t fear us anymore… we don’t need each other for anything now. We are through with them, Suika!’

Those cowards… as I hear them mumbling quietly to themselves as they stood behind me, I whirled around and confronted them with tears coming out of my eyes.


‘YOU ARE WRONG! IF YOU ARE AFRAID JUST SAID SO, YOU COWARD!’

‘WHY YOU!!’


The elder Oni rushed at me, his hands outstretched to grab me but I just scoffed and punched him to the air with a casual swing of my arms. I am sure my eyes were speaking volumes to the other Onis’ around me as they all backed off, afraid of my power and strength.


‘IF YOU ARE AFRAID, SAY IT!’


It’s not like me to lose my temper or to be really sober and serious but these people, the same people I call family… they were cowards… they dare not face the truth.


If they fear them, fear of being overtaken by the humans… we should them face them…


Fear, is just that, something that causes you not to act…


If we… if we just started to fight with them again… Then we, as Onis’… could make a comeback!


‘YOU’RE WRONG, IT IS HUMAN INSTINCT TO FEAR THE ONI!’


‘That’s why humans pursue science, so they can free themselves from us! WE EXISTS TO HUNT HUMANS! THAT’S WHAT THE HUMAN-ONI RELATIONSHIP IS ABOUT!’


‘THE ONI TURNED THEIR BACKS ON HUMANS?! WHAT A JOKE! It’s more like… Oni can’t keep up with humans any longer…’


A dramatic pause and the crowd was still silent when I whispered softly to them.


‘So… let’s… go and live with the humans…’


...


‘YOU BE SILENT!!!! KEEP YOUR RACIAL IDEALOGIES OUT OF THIS!!’


‘QUIT lying… humans don’t even believe in us anymore… we figured that out a long time ago… The liar is you, Ibuki Suika…’


No…


I’m not…

That time… all I could do was cry… cry and shake my head at being rebutted…


I’M NOT A LIAR!! 


Walking through the Magical Forest, I paused to take a small break by taking another sip of sake and I sorta tumbled to the floor to look at the night sky. It was always beautiful back at the Oni world… the sky was never polluted and I could see the night sky everyday… just like Gensokyo…


Not like the human world I visited…


The place was shiny, filled with silver and grey. The people there were dependent on magic, not like the magic welded by Marisa or Alice but by magic that flows through a line.


I’ve gathered that magic before and I got quite a big shock, it wasn’t painful but it tickles. I made a whole wide area turn black when I did that in the night!


It was fun… real fun.


‘… Hic… I wonder what was for dinner. Reimu probably is waiting for me…’


Before I had realized it, I had said her name out and I immediately regretted doing that.


I had made my mind to run away from home and it frustrated me so that I was reminded of the person that I do not want to be reminded off.


Hakurei Reimu.


The only person that viewed me and accepted me as an Oni.


She didn’t call me a liar… she allowed me to stay at the shrine.


… she is everything…


…



‘NO! STOP THINKING ABOUT THE SHRINE!!’

Clutching my head, I shook my head vigorously before running blind in front of me, hoping beyond hope that I would forget about Reimu and the Hakurei Shrine.


‘Please… I… I really don’t want to… I…’


‘I DON’T REALLY WANT TO LEAVE!!!’


Crying out loud, I opened my eyes too late as I crashed into a large boulder and all went black.


 


‘Ugh…’


Stirring, I struggled to get up only to feel a hand push me down again. As my vision was hazy, all I could see was a blur and I hesitantly called out the first name that would treat me with such kindness.


Not the half-ghost, which would smile and just shake her head at me.


Not the Normal Magician who would always just say it is a bother to treat Youkai


Not the Seven Colored Puppeteer who would just use her dolls to tend to me..


But the Red-white…


‘Reimu?’


‘Ara ara…’

As my vision cleared, I finally could see that it was Ran, Yukari’s Shikigami and an associate of mine that was tending by my side.


I gingerly smiled apologetically to her before I placed a hand on my head.


‘Ran… t-thank you… I wasn’t thinking straight…’


‘That’s quite fine. Any friend of Lady Yukari is a friend of the Yakumo household.’


My head was bandaged tightly and I could feel a great big bump on my head where it connected straight on with the boulder.

‘That was quite surprising thou, Suika. We heard a large explosion and when I hurried over, the boulder was smashed to bits with you lying face down on the floor.


‘… AHah~ I have a thick head!!’


Laughing as I finally got up, I checked myself for any other injuries and I was thankful to find that there was none.


With that in mind, I gently smiled as this was exactly the household that I wanted to visit. After all, the only other person in Gensokyo who can manipulate borders is none other than…


‘Ran, is Yukari around?’


‘Unfortunately, she is not… Suika…’

Answering me matter-of-factly, Ran smiled as well as she pushed me down to bed before continuing her sentence.


‘Lady Yukari won’t be back as she has an appointment with the Human Village today with Fujiwara no Mokou and Keine Kamishirasawa.’


‘Is… that so…’


Disappointed, I was about to get up again when Ran stopped me with a wave of her fingers.


‘Why don’t you stay till she come back? It would definitely waste Chen’s effort in lifting you all the way here…’


Pointing to the young nekomata who was sleeping right beside me, her body curled into a ball, Ran smiled before running a hand through her fur.


‘Chen was the one who found you, although I was the one who heard it. She saved you too as there was a bunch of Youkai starting to gather around there.’


‘… Is that so… Thank you, Chen.’


It sounds kinda sad that I would be saved by one of the weakest youkai in Gensokyo but when I looked at the sleeping face of Chen, I thanked her from the bottom of her heart.


The many scratches she had on her face and paws must be the trophy she won from those Youkai.


‘She was shouting: ‘Ran-sama, Ran-sama!! Suika is hurt!! Save her, Ran-sama’ and screaming as if it was her life that depended on it. If you do not stay over, I’m sure you would be disappointing Chen here.’


As I looked up at the motherly figure of Ran, I could not help but smile at her words too. It was just like Ran, to keep her true intentions in keeping me here.


She wanted me to stay for dinner as she could sense that something is wrong and she is using Chen as an excuse for me to stay over.

It does not matter to Chen who she saves, she is a good child that cares and loves everyone. If it is Marisa or Reimu or even Remilia Scarlet, she would do the same. Placing her life in the line for a person she knows and cares about.


That is Chen to the core.



‘Alright then… but you will drink with me… okay?’


Laughing as I sat up, I pulled the sake bottle from my waist and grinned at Ran.


‘… Of course I will.’

Smiling back, Ran got up and pulled me up with her, a smile evident on her face as well.

 



 



‘Sorry for just serving you with leftovers, I had forgotten that Lady Yukari finished the rice.’

‘No, it’s quite alright.’

Politely thanking her for the meal, I waited for the both of us to finish saying our prayers before digging into the food.

Ran was not a ravenous eater and neither was I in the mood to really eat, thus the both of us took quite a bit of time to finish.


‘‘s good…’


Mumbling as I ate, I was once again reminded of how Reimu would cook rice for me and I shook my head at that thought.


No… I must not return there… I… I…


‘Is there something wrong?’


Seeing Ran’s surprised face, I hurriedly placed the food down and raised both my hands up defensively.


‘No, it’s nothing… and… Thank you for the food… it was lovely.’


Bowing to her, I was rewarded with a smile on Ran’s face as she placed her bowl down as well.


‘Well, I’m glad that you think highly of my culinary skills… Suika.’


‘Shall we drink, Ran?’


Grabbing a spare bowl from the table, I poured a full cup for her and offered it to her.

‘yes, we shall.’


Taking it with no hesitation what so ever, Ran drank the cup with a single cup before remarking to me.

‘We won’t stop till we drop?’


‘Right! Bottom’s UP!’






‘Really… thanks for the food…’

Smiling as the both of us sat back-to-back at the front porch of Yukari’s home, I thanked her for the food and while we were sober and not sober at the same time, I wanted to get something off my chest.


‘I made that for Lady Yukari to say that to me of course…but… now that we are alone… and you are fine… why are you looking for Lady Yukari?’


‘…’


‘I… I want to return to the world of the Oni.’


There was silence again and it was only broken when Ran sipped another cup of sake and I followed suit. The hot liquid poured down my throat and my vision got just a bit hazier.


‘Something happened… right? For you to want to return so suddenly… if there is no major incident… I’m sure you do not even want to return there…’


Looking down at my shoes, I mumbled softly so that most of my conversation would be masked away. But it was a futile attempt as Ran just slid closer to me.


‘Hey, Oni are the race that came to fight with the humans, right? But… you know…’


‘They’re really the race that’s had the most fun… hic. Watching them grow up… watching them being killed is fine… as we all must eat… but when we see them inventing new things… we were happier to show them how stronger we are compared to them…’


‘We onis’, like challenges too…’


‘As we fought… the humans got cleverer and cleverer… till one day.’


'The humans over took us.’


I do not know what my face showed at that time, but I was sure it wasn’t pretty as Ran had a shocked expression all over her usually placid Face.


‘Humanity surpassed the oni and when the oni couldn’t catch up, humanity didn’t care about us and left us. Finally, we didn’t appear in front of them anymore…’

‘The humans of today don’t need Oni anymore and have forgotten about them..

I am clueless to how I am expressing myself. My voice was devoid of emotion while I was bursting in the seams to cry and silently I did cry.

The tears were just leaking from me and no matter how hard I tried to wipe them away, they kept coming. It was the bitter truth that I did not want to admit.

It was not a nice feeling at all, to feel such helplessness and bitterness at the truth at the same time.

‘But… if humans and oni could compete as equals…, then they could live together again. That’s why… I came to Gensokyo.’

My voice turned optimistic now and I was sure that surprised Ran as I continued almost wistfully, recalling the first time I came here.


It was tough, breaking through the barrier but at that time, there was only Yukari.

When I first saw Reimu, I knew she was special, someone I could compete with in equal footings…


‘If… If I could just let the humans fear us again… the oni would… the oni would…’


Move on?


Be Stronger?


…


No…



I… I just want the Oni… to be friends and to be acknowledged by the humans again…




‘B-But I lost to Reimu!!’

Laughing suddenly, I was unsure whether I was laughing or crying at the point of time and I rocked forwards and backwards.


‘Maybe humans don’t need oni anymore after all… maybe…’



I was really lying…



My voice was weak at that point of time and I felt helpless and vulnerable under the scrutiny of Ran.

One can never really know what is going through a youkai’s mind. If it is a human it is easier to understand and I should never have trusted Ran, who is a fox youkai.


I opened my heart to her and she… was smiling?!

 


‘So… as an oni you want to be with humans?’


Smiling, Ran placed a hand on my shoulder and the other on her chest as she looked out towards the nightsky.


Night has fallen before I knew it and the moon was up, shining in it’s glory. The two of us were basked in the sight and I marveled at it silently.


‘My service, to Yukari-sama as a shikigami… is different from the way I live in the Yakumo Household. Because of the bond of the Name ‘Yakumo’. Name is power and it identifies who you are, Suika. You are Ibuki Suika, feel proud of your name as I do of mine. Ran of the Yakumo family.’


As she spoke to me, I could sense that she believe in every word as the smile on her face never once faltered and as she turned her head to me, her eyes sparkled with joy.


‘Waiting on someone’s arrival, no matter the cost, no matter how late they might be. What state they will be in and never once feeling frustrated about it… that is the meaning of the word ‘family’.’


‘…’



It just sounds silly, waiting for someone even though you know she won’t appreciate it.


But…


But in the end of the day, I understand where she is coming from…


The feeling of anticipation… the one thing a family get’s it’s strength and warmth from is from a simple: ‘Welcome home…’ when one returns home.



‘so…’


As I thought about it, the sadder I became and I looked down towards the floor, in guilt and in shame at what I was saying.


'Was the food at the shrine good?'


Standing up suddenly, Ran placed a hand on my head before turning her back at me and questioning me.

‘…’

Nodding, I waited for the final affirmation of my feelings as I tried my best not to cry out loud for her sake.

‘… You should hurry back, Reimu is probably waiting for you now…’


‘…mmm…’


That Ran, that sly fox… how could she do such a thing!!


Breaking my resolve just like that, with a short conversation she just shot a hole through me, looked through my heart and throw me back to where I was in the first place.


‘R-Ran… …’


You idiot…

‘Thank you…’

Crying out loud now, I hugged Ran and sobbed hysterically, ignoring my prestige and pride as an Oni just for the night.


 


‘It was fun, Ran!! We should drink again one day!’

Waving goodbye to Ran, I hurried back home with a couple of snacks from Ran to placate Reimu when I got home.

It sure got late… she is bound to be mad.


'Well… isn’t this the resident big liar.’

Flinching at the word liar, I turned back and shouted at the intruder who had just stepped out of nowhere to confront me.


‘I’M NOT A LIAR, YOU PEEPING TOM!’

‘My my, such harsh words from a fellow accomplice and guilty party.’

Narrowing her eyes, Yakumo Yukari appeared in front of me and I admit, I was intimidated by her entrance.


The sky suddenly turned dark as if she wished for it and as I watched, various hands pulled the way for her and as she stepped down gracefully on the floor in front of me, the smile that she wore un-nerved me.


It was as if she had been spying on me the whole time by accusing me to be a liar. Could she read right through me?


Her shadow totally covered my small stature and I took a step back out of nervousness.


‘A-Ahh…’


‘Ever since you lost to Reimu… you’re always going back to the shrine and helping her out… You even sleep with her, eat with her and play with her…’


‘You’re just a member of the Shrine now, aren’t you? And here you are, waltzing in like you belong here and claiming to want to go back to the Oni world. You big faker.’


Her harsh words struck me cold and I was paralyzed to the spot even when Yukari, her hands a pale white stroked my chin.


‘Is that the way oni interact with people?’


The cold sneer that she gave me was if I was slapped and I looked away from her, lost to those eyes. She was leading me along as she spoke but I could not resist not listening to her…


‘Of course not, it’s not really in your plans, Suika. Don’t you get it, you’re lesser of an Oni than you were now.’


Hiding her face under her handy fan, Yakumo Yukari’s face was suddenly illuminated by the moon as the dark clouds slowly ran away.


’Humans and Oni. Within the grayness that is the border… there is no place for you, even in there, Suika.’


‘Y-Yukari…’


Finding my voice, I gripped my hand tightly as I prepared for the worst to befall me.


‘You know Suika… I don’t really want to see you suffer anymore…’

‘What did you friends have to say about you living as an oni, I wonder?’ 


Don’t listen to her!!


My rational mind was fighting so hard within me not to listen to her tempting words. Her icy cold hands were like ice that was piercing into me and gaining an influence in me.


‘NO!! KEEP AWAY!!’


The inner fight won, I swung my fist mightily at her as I launched myself into the air.


‘… it’s useless even if you tried, Suika.’


‘SHUT THE HELL UP!!’


Putting my all in that single concentrated punch, I was shell shocked when hundred of hands did the impossible.


‘!!’


Grabbing my fist, they entwined themselves over it, at Yukari’s command no doubt and repulsed me a few feet away, dragging a cloud of dust in my wake.


As I crawled to my feet, I twirled my hands around for any signs of damage and when I was certain there were none, leapt to my feet.


The counter blow was shocking but it felt more of a slap then a blow.


Still, it was quite the hit and I was tearing as it stung very much like a real slap.


‘Y-YOU!!’


‘!?’

As I prepared myself for another go at her, I was surprised to see that Yukari was shaking as she stared at me. Hollow eyes met with mine and I shrank back again, not out of fear but out of confusion. Her eyes seemed a bit weird and…


Was that tears?


‘W-why won’t you understand?’


‘Whenever you come close to people… They will betray you… they’ll hurt you…’

Yukari’s voice was breaking up as she cried to me. The tears that had not flowed flowed freely down her cheeks like a small river and I found myself unable to watch and I looked away.


‘For youkai like us, who lives a long life… it will happen over and over and over again… I… I know that, Suika. I share that.’


Placing a hand on her chest, Yukari walked over to me and even as I placed both hands out to stop her from coming further, she bend down and hugged me.


‘I’ve felt that so many times! What do you think I remembered after all those years…’


‘Years of rejection, of betrayal… of hurt… of loneliness… from the people that I thought loved me and I loved back.


‘Time and time again, they left me after finding out who I am… time and time again… they left me as I out lived them… I always live while they don’t, Suika! How do you think I would liked it… after the many heartbreaks, expectations of the next friend I would make…’


Yukari’s voice was really shaking now and it was not a pretty sight. She was like a hurt animal, a person with so many scars and past memories that it must have hurt so much.

 


‘…’


‘So… what will you offer me… Yukari?’

In her, I see myself as well. My reflection was just staring in front of me.


And so…


I asked her, asked the devil in purple clothing’s…


What would the devil’s deal be.


‘I want you…’


‘To…’


’Be my shikigami, Suika…’


‘?!’


Shock could not have sufficiently described what I felt then.

It was a mixture of horror, disbelief and of course, expectations?

My face must have been classic as I just stoned there, staring at the tearing Yukari, the Devil in disguise as she raised my chin to look at her in the eyes.

‘It would be fitting for you to take on the Yakumo Family name, someone who belong to no-one, who has nothing to do with humans and of onis.’

 


It would be easy to say yes and my soul, my heart broken heart screamed for me to say yes.


The bonds of the Yakumo…


Ran’s words repeated in my mind and it sounded intoxicating, the look of happiness and bliss and joy all mixed in one package as she waited for Yukari.


If… If I could feel that same feelings…

And for Yukari, who is as strong as me… the both of us… will never be afraid of being rejected again…


We wouldn’t need anyone else!!

We… we…

‘Waiting on someone’s arrival, no matter the cost, no matter how late they might be. What state they will be in and never once feeling frustrated about it… that is the meaning of the word ‘family’.’


Family.. I could have a family for real… a family that I could share my experiences with, my life with no regrets… I wouldn’t even need to go back to the Oni world… and…

To be called..

A liar…


They would accept me…

‘-family?’

They would accept me not as the strongest of Gensokyo, but as an individual… The ties… of the Yakumo…


The devil’s deal never felt so tempting before…

It would be easy and it still remained easy for me to say yes, to have the same answer as my heart was telling me to say.

There is no strings attached… just to serve one… for an endless lifetime of… acceptance…

Without me noticing, tears had been flowing down my cheeks for the third time today as her words suddenly reminded me of another deal that I had sighed before…


‘So…’



‘was…’



’The Hakurei’s rice good?’


 

image of Ran was interrupted by a strong, freak gust of wind that brought cherry blossoms flying over to cover my line of sight.


When they cleared, I was seated in bright sunlight, the Hakurei table in front of me and a set of rice and miso soup placed in front of me.


‘…’


Seated in front of me, with her elbow on her table and a silly grin on her face…


Hakurei Reimu smiled at me.


That’s right…


Reimu is there… has been there for me…


She accepts me for who I am, an oni…


I… why do I care being called a liar so much… was it because I hated rejection…


t-those…


those people aren’t my family…


Those who call me liars are…


Are…



[size=15pt]NOT MY FAMILY!![/size]


Even if Reimu… even if Marisa… even if everyone of them… leaves before me… they liked me. They… they will never betray me…


R-Reimu…


You… you…


The smile on your face as you spoke with me…


The shy, embarrassed look when I teased you.


The joyous giggle that you would give when we both share a joke…


The cheerful good morning that you would tell me when I wake up, no matter how late…


The resigned look on your face after I went home drunk and as you greeted me back with a sighing welcome back.


And…


The grin on your face as you told me to tuck in, no matter how late it is…


She is waiting for me… and might still be waiting…


‘M-My…’


Who cares about what others think… she is my family. The only one that I have…


Even… even if she dies…


‘F-Fa…’


Even if she leaves before me, she will not hurt me… as… she likes me and I would…


The things that I would… want to tell her are…


‘Fa..fami…’


There are many things that she has yet to show me!!


There are… so many things that I’ve yet to do with her…


And…


And…


[size=15pt]SO MANY THINGS THAT I WANT TO SAY TO YOU, REIMU![/size]


‘REIMU, YOU ARE MY FAMILY!!!!’


 


‘Get your hands off me, old Hag.’

Rebutting her, I dragged myself back to reality and I made a disgusted face as I glared at Yukari.

‘W-What?’

The look on her face only made me want to punch her lights out even more. There was nothing beautiful about her, she was just an old hag, that’s all.

The Devil’s Deal, is done and I am having no part in it.


‘You want me to be your shikigami?’


Rolling my fist, I readied a stance as the side of my mouth started to twitch in anger.


‘I’m SUIKA, OF THE IBUKI CLAN.’


I was getting mad and when I do, hell could roll over for all I care, I’m going to get rid of the eyesore that tried to lead me astray.


‘We’re confident in my strength, and we only follow a strong leader.’


Punching the floor, I showed her the strength of an oni when I opened up a huge crater that could fill a kid’s swimming pool easily.


‘THEREFORE!’


Pointing a finger at her, I lowered my thumb down before roaring.


‘REIMU BEAT ME, BUT YOU DIDN’T, OLD HAG!’


Sneering, I stomped the floor before tossing my bottle of sake away and readying my fists.


‘I HAVE NO REASON TO FOLLOW YOU! YOU’RE JUST IN MY WAY!’


‘An excellent speech, as expected from you, Suika.’


Smiling as she watched me lunge at her, Yukari opened her parasol and waved her hands about, as if urging me on.


‘Fine, then you’d better prepare yourself!’


As I jumped right into the bounded field of danmaku, the sole image I could see was of Reimu, Reimu sitting at the table, waiting for me to return.



There are…


So many things…


That I want to tell you, Reimu…


Even when you leave me eventually, I will not be sad..


As…


I’ve spent the best times of my life with you…


And the best of yours… with me.


So wait for me…


‘REIMU!!’


 



‘So… you lost, didn’t you?’

‘mm…’

Greeting lady Yukari at the door, I shook my head at her tattered appearance and sighed when she dived to my lap and started sobbing.


‘GOD THAT IS SO UNFAIR!! AND SUIKA WAS SO CLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSE TO BEING MINE!! I wanted to hug her to sleep everyday, feed her cakes with a fork and-’


Trailing off, I almost spat out the tea that I was drinking when Lady Yukari remarked.


‘Ran, I smell someone else on you… are you cheating on me and Chen?’


Seeing Chen’s ears perking up, I hurriedly denied all her nonsense before offering an explanation that would pacify the both of them.


‘It was probably Suika…’


Tugging on my apron, I smiled when I remembered how she cried on me for a short while.


‘She was crying on me earlier on after confiding that she didn’t have a home to go to…’


‘She started crying when she thought about her home, the oni world… something must have happened there to make her feel unwanted…’


‘Oh..’


So… that was why she was able to resist me…

She could refuse me… even when I offered something that was close to her heart,


That of a family…


She couldn’t possibly refuse that…

That’s why she refused to be my shikigami…

She had…

Someone else… ¬


‘Impossible, my plan was foiled by you, Ran!!’

Suddenly striking out at me with a smile on her face, I hurriedly ran off from lady Yukari as she chased me all over the room, a mirror on her hand as she laughed and laughed at herself and me.


The tears that trickled out were a mixture of disappointment, resentment towards me and happiness for Suika’s future.


Lady Yukari was not happy that she did not get Suika as a shikigami, a fact that I was due to my actions and I was paying for it by having my cheeks pulled.


‘Didn’t Lady Yukari… lose to her on… purpose…’


Did I lose to her on purpose?

When I looked at her smiling, determined face as she wiped away her tears and challenged me.


… it was as if…


Something broke my resolve to have her…


Well…


No matter…


‘I’m a youkai, like you. I didn’t get serious into it, that’s all.’

 


A new day was welcomed by the Shrine maiden of the Hakurei shrine as the sunlight crept over to warm her body.


Yet, the thing that woke her up was the crinkling of the news paper that was placed over the bowl of rice and the bowl of miso soup that she had guarded the whole night.


‘ish good… though it’s cold.’


The sound of chewing finally roused her awake and as she looked up, blood raised to her face as she saw who was smiling and staring at her.


The resident Oni of the Hakurei Shrine…


‘Back! Aww~ sleepy red-white is as red as her name, ish!’


‘Stupid…’


Embarrassed, the Shrine maiden wiped away the tears that she had shed the night before and she looked away before muttering her welcome.


‘…wel-…’


‘welcome back… Suika.’  


Rice is heavy.

Of course, that’s not the way you’d typically describe rice. To most people, it’s a simple white grain. It can be made into many of delicious meals when combined with the right meat and vegetables. It’s the main staple of the Eastern diet. When you think of rice, you think wholesome and nutritious. You think about hand-made onigiri, made for eating slowly on long foot trips. You think about eating rice with your friends, all gathered under the kotatsu on a cold winter day. Rice isn’t heavy. Rice is good.

At least, that’s the image grain merchants would put into our heads.

But I’ve got a new image for you. Picture a young woman coming back from a shopping trip. She’s headed back to the Hakurei Shrine after purchasing some foodstuffs from the nearest village. Slung over her back, she carries a twenty pound bag of rice. With it are two sides of salted meat, vegetables, cloth, paper and pens.

The path to the Hakurei Shrine isn’t a fun trip in any case. The place is nestled up against the mountains, up where the foothills become mountains themselves. This means a zig-zaggy path up and up, past marching rows of trees and little streams that run down to the lake in the valley. The girl’s ears pop from lowering air pressure as she climbs. She breathes deeply and deliberately to keep from getting light-headed. She’s sweating, even though the air is cool. There’s no sun out to heat the day.

At long last, after leaving the packed dirt path behind, she comes to the hundred stone steps that lead up to her home. She’s happy to be back, but the sight of the stairs makes her want to break down and cry. She’s tired, for goodness’s sake. Taking another step upwards seems more than she can do.

“No wonder I don’t get more visitors,” I said.

I started climbing. My back ached. My shoulders burned. My legs begged me for rest. But I hate taking breaks before the job is done. So I climbed.





My name is Reimu Hakurei. To use the old language, I’m a miko. Closest current translation of that is “shrine maiden”. Hopefully this explains my whining. A miko lives and works at her shrine. She cleans the place, patches holes in the roof, sweeps the courtyard with a bamboo broom. Her doors are always open to those in need of spiritual guidance. She talks people through their problems, helps them be forgiven of their sins. She organizes festivals and get-togethers. Gives out fortunes to love-struck teenagers. Helps little children catch goldfish out of artificial ponds with tiny fishing nets.

Notice how heavy lifting isn’t in the job description. Maybe I should hire someone to go grocery shopping for me. Or so I thought as I stepped into my shrine’s courtyard, under the torii gate at its entrance. Just being home made the burden on my back feel lighter. I looked up to see the lightshow of the Boundary.

But in my weariness, I’d forgotten the weather problem currently over Gensokyo. Despite how close I was to the Boundary, I couldn’t see it. During the day, the Boundary usually dances with sunlight. It shifts with patterns of all colors like a rainbow wall of crystal, starting at the mountains and reaching up farther than the eye can see. Clouds on the other side look psychedelic and spectral, like puffy gemstones in the sky.

But even better is seeing the Boundary during a full moon. Without the sun to overpower it, the moon’s lesser light ignites the Boundary into a hypnotic swim of pastel color. It’s better than the aurora borealis and australis both combined. It’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen, and it’s a big reason why I love living at the shrine.

This is why my heart sank when I looked up to see no Boundary. To be literal, I could see it, but not the way I like it. Not the lovely, prismatic colors that I can stare at for hours at a time. Instead it looked like a pane of dirty glass. There was no sunlight for the Boundary to reflect. No one in Gensokyo had seen the sun for days.

I set my groceries down on the cobblestones. I turned and looked up at where the sun should have been. In its place, there was a bright orange-red coin hanging in the sky. Around it was an aura of rusty mist. The rest of the sky was a blanket of smog, darkening to mud brown at the horizons.

“These aren’t rain clouds,” I said to myself. “It’s worse than yesterday, too.”

And it would keep getting worse, maybe until there was no sun at all. No one would know when it was daytime. Crops wouldn’t grow, leaving us nothing to eat. The snow in the mountains wouldn’t melt, leaving us nothing to drink. If the mist didn’t blow away, everything in Gensokyo would eventually die.

I wasn’t the only one thinking this way, either. When down in the valley, I always talked to people. I chatted with the merchants and the farmers, asked how the kids are doing. Did so-and-so get married? Is business going okay? Oh and by the way, might your family be making its way up to the shrine anytime soon? Because I wasn’t going to mention it, but we’ve got a big discount on fortune telling right now.

It was obvious how worried people were. Not because they were talking less, but talking more. I learned that three new babies had been born since I’d last visited. Their parents forced me to memorize their names. I was told that livestock weren’t eating enough, because youkai were roaming the fields more freely these days. But sheep’s wool was selling better than ever, so things balanced out. And guess what! Did I hear that some guy kissed some girl behind the blacksmith’s place? They had better keep it secret from their parents, or heads were going to roll!

All this inane gossip told me one thing. People were scared. Their families were threatened by an unknown danger, and they could do nothing about it. But people tried to be happy, tried all the harder because something was taking their happiness away.

I knew how they felt. I was scared too. I wanted to help. I wanted to make things better. But what could I do? I’m just a miko. I have some power, sure, but at best I can chase infestations of youkai out of my shrine. I’m not an elementalist. I can’t write up a spellcard that makes clouds go away. Especially not when someone else’s spellcard put them there in the first place.

I folded my arms around myself. What if it really was magic blocking out the sun? A sorcerer strong enough to darken the sky would have been god-like. Even if he could be tracked down, no force in Gensokyo could stand against that kind of power.

And why? If there was some super-magician causing this, he would have to know that blocking out the sun would kill Gensokyo. Who could hate people that much?

I was shivering, and not because of the chill air. I was still looking up at the sun, and my eyes didn’t hurt. That was wrong. You can’t to stare at the sun without going blind. I looked down and shook my head, wondering what to do. Then I remembered. What does any good miko do when frightened and confused?

She prays.





I knelt down on the cobblestones. I had never prayed in the middle of the courtyard before. Usually I’m in my meditation chamber, facing an ornamental mirror surrounded with sacred trinkets of various size and shape. But a good miko is humble and non-materialistic. She doesn’t need porcelain idols or padded floors to pray. She’s not above praying on the ground, even if it hurts her knees and gets dirt on her dress.

In fact, praying in an uncomfortable position can help. It reminds me of the real world. And that’s what prayer is all about. Getting in touch with reality. Shedding all my silly hopes and doubts and fears, seeing the world as it really is.

Miko don’t pray to God. As far as we know, there is no Being who rules the universe with a benevolently iron fist. We don’t believe that when a person dies, he goes to Heaven and lives in perfect happiness forever. Or even if such a thing happens, miko aren’t concerned with it. We care about here and now. We deal with the present life, being good and happy before one’s death.

And after death? We can deal with that when it comes.

I had more immediate things to worry about. I prayed for wisdom, but not for insight. I didn’t care where the mist had come from, but what I should do about it. What could I do about it? Would it be the right thing to do? And even though no answers came, I did find peace. My fear left me.

At least until I heard a light swish swish sound behind me. Felt gentle warmth on my back. Then I panicked. I had made a stupid mistake. Never turn your back on food while outdoors in Gensokyo.

This time, a small dance of fairies was gathering towards my groceries. The largest of them was the size of a child’s doll, about a foot tall. She had two pairs of wings that glowed with blue light, and wore a frilly white-on-blue ballroom dress. The smaller fairies following her were naked or nearly so, showing breasts and bodies that would have driven married men insane in a full-sized woman. The lesser fairies had only one pair of wings each, and didn’t glow as brightly as their leader’s.

While my back had been turned, they had floated out of the nearby woods and crossed the courtyard. Their tiny feet never touched the cobblestone, so I heard nothing until their wings were flapping nearby. Now they were settling on the ground, interested in my hard-earned food. They were gathering towards the cured meat, but the largest fairy was knocking her minions away with her wings. She would have first pick of the good stuff, and the smaller girls would settle for dry rice grains until their leader was full.

That was, only if I sat and watched.

“Hey!” I said. I reached after the big fairy, intent to grab her by the wings and throw her back into the woods. But she saw me coming, didn’t flinch or run. Instead she wrapped her little hand around my forefinger, pulled it down to her mouth and chomped. Hard.

“Ow!” I screamed, pulling my hand away and shaking it out. I stood up and backed off, checked my finger for damage. The skin on my fingertip was dented, but not broken. A miko’s calluses had just saved me from catching the diseases that wild youkai sometimes carry. Like having my blood clot up and eject from my body in unpleasant bouts of vomiting and diarrhea. Or having all my hair fall out and not grow back for six months. Some magical pathogens are deadly, and some are just embarrassing.

“You little beast!” I yelled at the fairy. She ignored me, tearing open the cloth sack that held my ham. The smaller ones had already started on my rice, popping in one grain at a time and crunching them down.

“You’ll regret this,” I said. I walked around the fairies and headed up to the main building of my shrine. Leaning up against the wall was my trusty bamboo broom. I grabbed it and ran back down the courtyard, ready to whack Little Miss Fairy Pants right out of Gensokyo.

She saw me coming. I swung the business end of my broom down at her, but her wings carried her up and back. I missed her completely. Instead I scattered the smaller fairies working on my rice, and hit the bag of rice itself. I tore it open further and sprayed grain over half the courtyard.

“Agh! No!” I slammed my palm against my head.

I wasted a precious second lamenting my lost rice. The big fairy flew straight at my face, her otherwise adorable face twisted in anger. I lifted my broom to swat her out of the air, but she dodged aside. I missed her again, but at least it kept her away from me.

I swung my broom again, and she dodged again. And again, and again. I felt like an old man trying to swat a house fly with a rolled up piece of paper. Except I was doing much worse. My fly was a lot bigger, and getting ever closer to biting my nose off.

“Oh noes!” said a voice from the courtyard entrance. “Reimu’s locked in mortal combats!”

I had time to turn and look at the voice’s owner. I had time to see her and understand who she was. I had enough time to say, “No! Don’t you—”

“Don’t worries!” said the newcomer, running forward and holding up a small piece of paper. “Just stand asides! Love sign: Master Spark!”





I was stupid enough to be looking straight at her when she used the spellcard. The daytime sun was no longer bright enough to hurt my eyes, but this certainly was. White light erupted from the girl’s hand, shot out in a beam that seared across the courtyard. If I had been standing two feet to the left, it would have punched a hole clean through my chest.

The spell caught the fairy dead on, but only for a split second. As the spell’s caster was running forward, she slipped on the rice grains I had spilled. If she had been careful, she might have kept her balance. But this girl was neither careful nor balanced. She fell face down on the cobblestones, losing control of the spellcard. The beam of light angled up, shooting off into the sky.

The spell died out, leaving me with red afterimages in my eyes. I rubbed my eyes hard with my free hand, kneading the sight back into them.

The spell had knocked the fairy to the other side of the courtyard. What little of her hadn’t been vaporized did so now, her flesh and clothes dissipating into little sparkles. I smiled. Bitter satisfaction. This battle with the youkai was won.

Content knowing my nemesis had been reduced to her base elements, I went to check on the new girl. She was still lying face down on the ground, passed out or acting like it. I hit her shoulder with my broom, harder than necessary. But I was mad, and I needed to take it out on someone.

“Marisa?” I said. “Are you dead?”

She looked up at me, wearing a grin with grains of rice sticking to her face.

“Nopes!” she said. “Just fines. That’s why I love coming over to plays, Reimu. You never fail to entertains.”
Let me introduce Marisa Kirisame. Here we have a girl who’s almost my age, but both looks and acts six years younger. To look at her is to think, Why isn’t this girl in school?

This is unacceptable, because she’s a lot prettier than me. She has messy blonde hair gathered in a thick braid, tied with a bow and hanging over her chest. Her eyes are a shade of brown so light that they’re golden. She wears clothes that would only make sense on a woman twice her age. A black dress covered in a white apron. A white blouse done up with a black button-up vest. And to top it off, a ridiculously huge, wide-brimmed black hat with white under-lining and a huge white bow on the front.

All together, she looks like a girl dressing up as a witch for a costume party. The difficulty is that Marisa actually is a witch. A female magician, and a strong one.

And that’s not all. I’m not sure if it’s a speech impediment or an accent, but she talks as if she has no concept of plurals. I never hear from her, Hello Reimu. How are you doing today? Instead I get, Hiya, Reimus! How’s ya hangins and bangins? Gots any more of that mint teas? Good stuffs!

The closest I can get to her speech is putting an s at the end of her words. But that’s not quite how she sounds. It’s more like she says zeh as a whispered syllable after everything. I came-zeh over so you could have the benefits-zeh of my company-zeh! Least you can do-zeh, make some cakes and treat-zeh me like a good hostess-zehs!

See how annoying that is? And you only have to read it. You can’t imagine how it grates my ears to hear the girl talk for longer than three zeh’s at a time. I’ll try to spare you the horror. Most of it.





We salvaged the remainder of my groceries and went indoors. I checked around the house, making sure all windows and doors were shut tight. It had been getting dark earlier than usual since the mist’s coming, and I didn’t want any youkai fairies wandering in. I’d had more than enough of them for one afternoon.

When I came back to the front room, Marisa was already sitting at the table. She had hung her hat at the door, making her canary-colored hair the brightest thing in the room. I shook my head at her. Did she expect dinner to be ready? I had just gotten home myself.

“Youkai getting nastier these days,” she said. “Never seen you beats them off with a brooms before, not in broad daylights. Or maybe Reimus made mistakes and fed thems. Never, ever feed a fairies, I says. Always comes back for mores.”

“I never feed them on purpose,” I said, sitting down across from her. “They’re like rats with opposable thumbs. Pests of the worst kind. By the way, what was that spell you nearly murdered me with?”

Marisa grinned. She loved to talk about her magic. Like a farmer teaching you how to properly raise livestock. Like an ironsmith who will lecture you on how to pound out nails. Magic was Marisa’s trade.

“That’s what I came to show yous,” she said, pulling a rectangular leather pouch from her apron. She undid the flap and shook the contents onto my table, seven paper cards. She spread them out face up. Each card was covered on one side with the intricate characters of the old language, black ink drawn in careful calligraphic strokes.

“Spellcards?” I said. “Is that all?”

“Not just any spellcards,” she said. “New spellcards. Read thems.”

Looking at the cards closely, I noticed they were all inscribed with the same spell. It wasn’t obvious at first. Marisa’s handwriting isn’t perfect. Especially when writing out the old language, full of loops, lines, dashes and crossbars all used with little rhyme or reason. Most modern people couldn’t read the archaic characters. I could only because my miko upbringing involved a strict education.

“Love sign,” I read from the card. “Master Spark. Concentrate. Accept the powers of Heaven. Look for an enemy and…” I trailed off. “And I don’t get the last part. Lovely destruction?”

“Master Spark,” she said. “Focus your minds / Using the powers above / If bad guys you finds / Unleash your annihilation of love!”

I laughed. It was the stupidest incantation I’d ever heard. Marisa didn’t share my humor. The smile left her, replaced with a girlish scowl.

“Scoff if you wants,” she said. “But Master Sparks just saved your lives. Used one of my prototypes to save your butts from a weakling fairies. Maybes I should makes you some spellcards—”

“No need!” I said, cutting her off before we could get any closer to loss of limb and collateral damage. “Instead, why don’t we have some dinner? May as well eat it up before the fairies get mean enough to break in.”

“Good ideas,” said Marisa. “What’s for eats?”

“Pork and rice, probably.”

“When is it readies?”

“As soon as you’re done cooking it.”

The look on Marisa’s face right then was classic. She was crestfallen. Her mouth hung open and her eyebrows drooped, as if to say What’s this? Come all the ways to your house for a free meals and you make ME do the works! Reimu’s a ripoffs!

I laughed again.

“Come on,” I said. I stood up and headed into the kitchen. I grabbed her by the collar and dragged her with me. “I’ll help. Just get your yellow head in here and put some water on to boil.”

Marisa moaned, but she followed.





By the time we sat down to eat, it was dark outside. Looking out the window, we saw the gentle strobes of random fairies wandering around the shrine courtyard. They were attracted by the smell of cooked meat wafting out of my house, but weren’t smart enough to find something they couldn’t see. So they simply floated around, casting multicolored spreads of light on the cobblestones. It was pretty to look at, until you remembered these youkai would eat your flesh if given a chance.

That thought made it hard to focus on dinner. So instead, I took a closer look at Marisa’s spellcards as I ate.

The technical term for a spellcard is prerendered evocation foci. But what does that mean? What does it do? Why do magicians use it?

In Gensokyo, using magic is easy. We’re flooded with the stuff. The wind swirls with it. The ground thrums with it. The mountain streams sparkle with it. The trees grow and sway with magic in their bark and leaves. When these wild energies weave into beings that have their own life, we call them youkai. But for a human, using magic is simply one’s will to control natural power. The more control a human has, the stronger a magician he is.

Here’s a problem. When I said wild energy, I meant it. As in the opposite of tame. A human can bend raw power to his will, but not for long. The energy too easily goes haywire, possibly hurting the spell caster. This isn’t a worry for minor magic tricks, because the magician is using only a small dose of power. But for bigger spells, it becomes a worry very quickly.

The word evocation is used to describe kaboom-style spells. Lots of energy, lots of throughput, but not much preparation or control. It’s the kind of magic used in combat. But without foci to channel the spell into something containable, you’ll do as much damage to yourself as your enemy.

Let’s take the most recent invention of our favorite mad magician, Marisa Kirisame. She’s always liked using lasers, and I suppose a bigger laser is a better one. But that much power would just as easily go in all directions, searing her pretty little eyebrows off.

Here the spellcard comes in. Marisa designed the card Master Spark ahead of time. She carefully crafted the cards, slowly and meticulously writing the incantation onto each one. She probably had several failures sitting as crumpled up wads of paper on the floor of her atelier, one for each time she lost concentration or let her hand slip while writing.

Of course, the writing itself has nothing to do with magical power. Magic can’t read. It doesn’t follow directions because of some arbitrary ink patterns on a scrap of paper. Writing is a process that helps the magician infuse the card with the spell. Not the power itself, but the set of instructions that guides and channels magical energy in the desired way. Once rendered, the spellcard will keep its spell forever.

Until destroyed, that is. Spellcards are used only once, because the energy of the spell vaporizes the card. Pumping that much power through paper is no better than tossing it into a bonfire. This raises the question, why not make foci out of some more durable material? Couldn’t spells also be written onto wood tablets? Stone slabs? Iron sheets?

The answer is simple. Yes, but paper is cheap and light. And besides, the word spellcard sounds better than spellslab.

“You’re right to admire thems,” said Marisa, going through the last of her rice. “Master Sparks is my greatest creations.”

I looked up from the cards. “I’ll admit, the spell was impressive. The casting magician could use some refinement, but—”

“And you didn’t evens see the real things!” she said, getting excited. She gathered the cards back into her leather pouch, stowed them in her apron. “With more times to prepare, could have blown away half your shrines! But Reimu gets in troubles a lots, so what could I doos? Had to worry about speeds before finesses.”

“Finesse isn’t usually associated with destroying someone’s home.” I considered taking another bite of rice, then decided I was full. I put my chopsticks down. “Why don’t you tell me why you’re really here?”

Marisa’s shoulders dropped, her excitement leaving her. “Already dids. My spell—”

“You come up with new magic tricks all the time, but you don’t pay me a visit for any of them. And when you do visit, you’ve never felt the need to give me a reason. You just come over because you want to. Showing up with an alibi makes me think you’ve got something to hide. So spill it.”

She looked down, then nodded.

“All righties,” she said. “Let me shows you somethings.”

She pulled another leather bundle from her apron. She unrolled it, dumping a small, silvery knife onto the table.

“What’s this?” I said, picking up the blade. I was careful to hold it by the flat. The edges looked sharp enough to cut clean through my fingers. There was no handle or hilt, but the blade’s base was rounded and heavy. Etched into the metal were decorative letters, S and I.

“A throwing knife,” I said. “An assassin’s weapon. Custom made, by the look of it. Where did you get this?”

“Let me tell you a stories,” said Marisa. “Know the island in the middles of the lake, rights?”

I nodded. “And the old abandoned building there.”

“The locals don’t think it’s abandoned anymores,” she said. “For about the last years, heard rumors about an assassins that stalks lone travelers at nights. Some peoples just walking their way home from works, the assassin jumps out of the woods and bambs!” She clapped her hands. “Deads before you know its, and you’re never seen agains.”

“Um,” I said. “We don’t need a serial killer to explain late night disappearances. The youkai already do that for us. Anyone stupid enough to be alone out in the dark….”

Marisa shook her head, spilling her braid off her shoulder. “Noes, it’s not youkai. A few peoples have seen the assassins. Say he’s tall and skinnies, got white hair like an old mans. But he moves lighting fasts, can throws a knives into your eyes from thirty paces.” She nodded to the blade in my hands. “That one came from the chests of a dead mans.”

“Ew!” I said, dropping the knife on the table. “Then how did you get it?”

“Assassin boy bit off mores than he could chew one nights,” she said. “He attacked a whole family instead of a loners. Threw one knifes and got one kills, but the others chased him offs. Heard about its the last time I was in towns. Gave me that knives. Said they didn’t want to be reminded of their friend’s deaths.” She shrugged. “Thought about selling its, but wanted to show you firsts.”

“Why?” I said. “So some people mistake an exceptionally large youkai for a killer. They get scared and start spreading rumors. Halfway across the valley, no less. What’s that got to do with me?”

“Because!” Marisa slapped her hands on the table. “You and mees are going to stop whoever’s making that mist outsides!”





Silence. I stared at Marisa, trying to understand what she had just said. This girl was master of talking much while saying little.

“Hold on,” I said. “Not only does that not make any sense, but it has nothing to do with what we were just—”

“Just about to make the connections!” said Marisa. “Listens close. When I saids locals, I meant locals to the lake, not heres. Peoples near that old mansions. Assassin boy hasn’t shown up anywheres else in Gensokyos.”

“Okay,” I said. “So you think the killer is hiding out in the building on the lake. But what does that have to do with—”

Marisa stood and headed for the door, grabbing my arm on the way.

“Come ons!” she said. “Something you gotta sees.”

I let her pull me to my feet, but not to the door.

“What are you doing?” I said. “I’m not going outside. The youkai are out in force this time of night.”

“No worries,” she said, yanking my arm hard. “Mommy Marisa will protect yas. Comes!”

So out we went. Marisa grabbed her hat, and I closed the door behind us. The few fairies wandering the courtyard were of the small and naked variety, not like the prettily dressed one I fought earlier. They looked at us as we stepped outside, but weren’t interested. Deciding we were neither a threat nor a convenient source of food, they resumed their random floating around my shrine.

“Can’t believe you haven’t seen this yets,” said Marisa, dragging me across the courtyard. “Guess it’s one of those things you don’t sees until someones points it out to yas. Then you can’t miss its.”

“What are you talking about, Marisa?” I said. “And would you please let go of my arm? You’re cutting off my circulation.”

“Just wait. This will stop circulations dead colds.”

We reached the far end of the courtyard and stopped under the entrance gate. Right here was another reason I liked living at my shrine. The view from my gate was the second best view in Gensokyo, right after staring at the Boundary during a full moon.

I couldn’t see the moon tonight, but some of its light made it through the dirty gunk hanging in the sky. The path from my shrine wound down the foothills and into the valley below. I could see the village where I had gone shopping earlier. From there paths snaked out across the valley floor, going to other villages and farms. One path led off to the Forest of Magic, where Marisa lived. Another led off to the lake near the valley’s heart, circled all the way around it. There was a long land bridge that led out to the island on the lake, which technically made it a peninsula. And beyond the lake, more trees, more towns, more paths.

“I don’t see anything unusual,” I said. “Gensokyo at night always looks like this.”

“Because you’re looking downs,” said Marisa. “Look ups for a changes!”

She grabbed my hair and yanked down hard, craning my neck back and turning my face to the sky.

“Ouch!” I yelped. “Let go of my hair! What are you do….”

I saw what Marisa wanted me to see, and my voice left me.

I hadn’t noticed it during the day. Sunlight was strong enough to make the sun itself seem like the center of the mist. But moonlight was a different story. I saw shapes in the mist, like the ugliest clouds in your nightmares. Clawed hands grasping. Elongated faces screaming in anger and agony. Other things I don’t even want to describe. And it was fluid, changing, going from one horrible image to the next. Worst was the long, ropy cords that reached across the sky, starting at the horizons and shooting to the sky’s center. An unfinished spider’s web of black cloud.

I looked down and saw what it all meant. The center of the web was directly above the island on the lake.

The mist was coming from the abandoned mansion.

Marisa nodded, looking sad. “At last, she sees.”





I turned on her.

“And you want to go there?” I said, sticking a finger at her chest. “Just how insanely stupid are you?”

“Insane maybes,” she said, meeting my eyes. “But not stupids. Want to just sit heres and wait for things to get betters, then you’re the stupid ones.”

“I’m not suicidal, unlike you. Think about it, Marisa. A mage who could darken the sky would have to be powerful. Strong enough to blow us both away without even breathing hard.”

She gave me her best I’m better than you grin. “Nonesenses. Blast him with Master Sparks. Solved problems.”

“You’re crazy,” I turned and headed back to the main building. “If you want to get yourself killed, be my guest. But as for me, I’m going to bed.”

“Fine thens!” Marisa yelled after me. “Go to beds in your comfortable little shrines! Then wake up tomorrows and organize a great we’re all gonna dies festival!” She cleared her throat. “Oh waits. Did I say festivals? I meant fundraisers!”

That hit me where I lived. I was almost to my front door, but I stopped. I turned to face her.

“How dare you!” I yelled at her across the courtyard. “There’s nothing wrong with selling fortunes or asking for donations. A miko has to eat!”

“Yeah sures!” Marisa yelled back. “Just admits you want monies like every other humans. Take mees for instances. Greediest person you’ll ever meets. Don’t care if everyone in Gensokyo dies tomorrow. Just want to find the magicians making this mist so I can steal some treasures. A mage that strong gots to have some good stuffs. Scrolls and books and artifacts. Least I can be honest abouts my motives! Why can’t yous?”

“I’m not interested in treasure,” I said, turning back to my front door.

“That’s not whats I meant, Reimus!”

“Go home, Marisa. Good night.”

I went inside and closed the door behind me. I felt bad leaving Marisa out in the dark, but I knew she would be fine. She still had seven spellcards left. She could Master Spark her way home. Trying my hardest not to think about her, I cleaned up after dinner. I gathered the dishes, washed them and set them up to dry. I didn’t know what do to with the killer’s knife, so I left it on the table. Some things could wait until tomorrow.

After doing the dishes, I undressed, took a bath and got ready for bed. The night was still young. I could stay up longer, maybe read for a while. But no, not tonight. I was tired from the long walk to and from town. A full night’s sleep would do me good. And sleeping in tomorrow morning, too. A miko can’t work if she doesn’t rest.

So I climbed into bed, pulled the covers up to my nose. The pillow was fluffy. My head sank into it. My mattress is full of the softest down a miko’s meager earnings can buy. It cushioned my body perfectly. My blankets and sheets are thick enough to keep me warm even on hard winter nights. I like my bed.

It’s a shame I couldn’t sleep.

I kept looking out the window, up to the hideous black mist in the sky. The longer I stared at it, the more detailed the swirling shapes became. It started with screaming faces and clawed hands, but soon became full scenes. I saw a young girl suffocating in a locked room. She beat her little fists on the door. Cried and screamed for someone to free her, even as her lungs stopped drawing air. I saw one man kill another in bitter revenge. Rip his enemy’s heart from his chest, bring it to his mouth and tear off a sinewy strip of muscle with his front teeth.

The scenes came with words, huge letters made from different thicknesses in the mist. HELP ME HATE YOU KILL YOU COME HERE KILL YOU PLEASE.

I couldn’t watch anymore. I sat up and yanked the blinds closed, then pulled the blankets over me like a child scared of the youkai in her closet. That was better, but not much. Even closing my eyes tight, I kept seeing the terrible shapes in the dark. I was so scared.

I cried myself to sleep.





We all know the old cliché that equates the sun rising to a likely event. Picture two weather-beaten old farmers shooting the breeze by a picket fence. One is telling the other about his marital problems. But I don’t worry about ‘er, he says. I know ‘er, and she’ll come ‘round sure as the sun’ll rise tomorrow.

You idiots who ever said such a thing, I hope you felt stupid on the one morning the sun didn’t rise. There was no gradual brightening of the eastern horizon. No sudden burst of light as the sun peaked the mountains. No long shadows slowly shortening as the day aged.

This day, the sun didn’t rise at all. The sky brightened from nightmare black. The horrible depictions in the mist faded and disappeared. But in a way, it was worse last night. And much worse from the day before.

The sky mist had turned bright red. Like blood sprayed from a freshly cut wound. So I saw it, looking up to the sky while standing in courtyard of my shrine.

“It’s not getting better,” I said, feeling horrible and weak and ashamed. “It’ll just keep getting worse and worse….”

“Until we all dies,” said Marisa, stepping into the courtyard to my right. “Now you get its.”

I turned to her, seeing her clothes rumpled and her hat sitting crooked on her head. She had dark circles under her eyes, like she had just woke up.

“How did you get here so early?” I said.

“Never left,” she said, taking off her hat and rubbing her eyes. “Slept in the fortune booths.”

“You what? Why?”

She shrugged, put her hat back on. “Seemed like too much work going homes. Don’t worry about mees. Wasn’t cold last nights.” She nodded towards my hand. “Why’re you carrying that arounds?”

I looked down and saw the killer’s knife in my right hand. I had the rounded base gently pinched between my thumb, index and middle fingers. As if I were ready to throw it at someone. I didn’t remember grabbing it. I held the blade up, looked over the stylized letters. S I.

What was S I? Someone’s name? The blade’s maker? Artists loved to add signatures to their works. Though thinking of this death tool as art sickened me.

“I don’t know,” I said. “I think I want to return this to its owner.”

“Oh reallies?” Marisa stepped up to me, wearing her trademark grin. “You means return in the way I think you doos?”

I shook my head. “I’m scared, Marisa. Nothing like this has ever happened to Gensokyo before. That it could happen terrifies me. That it did happen makes it worse. The things I saw last night were icing on the cake.”

“I knows,” she said, her voice calm. Sympathetic. It’s rare to hear her like that.

“So what do we do?” I looked back up to the sky. “Go find the person causing this and probably get killed? Or wait here and—”

“And definitely get killeds,” she said. “A longer, slower deaths. Much worse knowings you could haves done something about its.”

“That’s a no brainier, huh?”

“Kind of, yeahs.”

Marisa took my hand in hers. The warmth of her palm felt good on mine.

“Listens,” she said. “Told you to be honests last nights. You don’t care about moneys. You care about Gensokyos. You love the places and the peoples who live heres. So if you’re honest, you gotta admits that you want to helps. But fear stops you from tryings.”

That was too much. I let the knife go. It rang on the cobblestones a high pitched twingwang sound, as if indignant at being dropped. I clapped my hands over my eyes, hiding a flood of tears.

Marisa hugged me. Once I was done with my self-centered sobbing, I hugged her back.

“I’m sorry,” I said.

“Nahs,” she said. “Don’t apologize for being scareds. Let’s just… ums. What’s that old words? Ganbarimasu?”

I laughed. “Yeah. We’ll do our best.” 
Of any time for Gensokyo to come under a supernatural weather attack, this was the best season. It was warm out, but the red mist kept the day from getting too hot. Marisa and I had little gear to carry. No heavy clothes, coats or cloaks. Two light blankets for each of us. A few days worth of food and water, which we could easily replenish on the road.

I got dressed in my best traveling clothes. I wore a red dress and a white blouse. These were open and flowing, designed to keep me cool on the road. But a miko always dresses with modesty in mind. I wore a sturdy pair of bloomers, and a cloth wrap called a sarashi under my shirt. I was feeling presentable, so I tied a simple red sash around my collar and a red bow atop my head.

I carried no real weapons. My only armament was my gohei, a miko’s traditional wooden staff with paper streamers trailing from one end. I had the S I knife tucked into a leather fold on my waistband, but I had no intention of using it in combat. I was bringing it only because I didn’t feel right leaving it in my home.

Once I was dressed and ready, I met Marisa in the courtyard. She had shouldered a pack as large as mine, full of supplies taken from my house. In her right hand, she held something else of mine.

“What are you doing with my broom?” I said, stepping up to her.

“Figureds I’d hang onto this,” she said. “Can’t be a witch withouts a broom, rights? Saw yours and realized I didn’t have ones. Imagine my horrors! My reputations is tainteds.”

“You don’t have a broom of your own? How do you sweep your house?”

That stopped her for a second.

“Sweeps?” she said.

“Never mind,” I said, walking past her. “You can keep it. It won’t require a large amount time or effort to make a new one. I’m a miko, after all. I just pull bamboo brooms out of my butt.”

“Goodie Reimus!”

She caught up and fell into step with me. We walked to the entrance gate of my shrine. Marisa kept going, but I stopped and looked back at the place.

“Reimus? Come ons. Daylight fritters.”

I gave my shrine one last look, then turned and walked after Marisa. We reached the bottom of the stone steps, then started down the bendy mountain path that led to the valley floor.

“I’ll miss my home,” I said.

“We’re gone only four days,” said Marisa. “Two day trip theres, two days backs.”

I said nothing.

“Ah!” Marisa reached into her apron. “Almost forgots. Hard times sleeping last nights, so made these for yas.”

“Please don’t tell me it’s…. Oh no.”

She held out three scraps of paper, each covered in the old language’s complex writing.

“I appreciate the gesture, Marisa. But keep the spellcards. They’re more your style than mine.”

“Made these just for yous!” She pushed the cards at me. “No where nears neat like Master Sparks, but you’ll like thems. It’s a guided shot-style projectile spells. Simple and effectives. Just cast, focus on the targets. Spell does the rests. Take ‘ems!”

I took the cards, but only to shut her up. I took a quick look at the spell’s name. Spirit sign: Fantasy Orb. I didn’t care to read the incantation below it, so I jammed the cards into my belt and kept walking.

“You wrote these last night?” I said. “Where did you get the ink and paper?”

“Lifted thems when your back was turned, making dinners last nights,” she said.

Of course.

“Any chance I’ll get them back?”

“Maybes. Let you knows after I get a chances to use my new brooms.”

I couldn’t help laughing. It was a good laugh, better than any since the mist covered the sky.

“Fine,” I said, catching my breath. “Thanks anyway. Though hope I never need to use these cards.”

“Youkai are more dangerous since mist cames,” she said. “Might have to use thems sooner than you thinks.”





I haven’t properly described just how beautiful Gensokyo is. But that’s just as well. The loveliness of this country goes beyond any words I can put together. As Marisa and I went down the mountain path together, I spent a long time looking over the valley. The landscape looked duller than usual, with the sun blocked out. It was heartbreaking to see my homeland like this.

I patted the leather pouch that held the killer’s knife to my waist. I wanted to give it back to its owner.

Then I shook my head, dropped my hand to my side. Such angry thoughts weren’t becoming of a miko.

Marisa and I walked past a bank of evergreens, briefly blocking our view of the valley except for slivered glimpses between bark and pine needle.

“Should we stop by your place on the way?” I asked her. “Any gear you need to pick up?”

Marisa shook her head. “Too much of a detours. Not a very long trips, anyways. Gots my spellcards. That’s all I needs.”

We walked on for a minute.

“Okay,” I said. “What I really meant is if you wanted a change of clothes. You’ve been wearing that outfit since yesterday morning at least. I don’t want a stinky traveling companion.”

“Both us be pretty stinkies after a couple days. But fines. Can pick ups some more spellcards while we’re theres.”

“Please don’t.”

She looked at me and grinned. “Can’t haves it both ways, miko girls.”





We hit the valley floor a few hours before noon. If we had kept following the main path, we would have gone straight through the village where I had shopped yesterday. Instead we took a branch path left, towards the Forest of Magic.

I’m not sure why those woods have such a dramatic name. It’s true that a lot of youkai live there, but the same can be said for the rest of Gensokyo. Maybe it’s because the Forest is known has a dwelling place for hermit magicians. The only one I knew was Marisa, but there were probably others.

Even considering the reason for our trip, it felt good to be out walking. Or perhaps because of the reason for our trip. We met a few people on the way, traveling townsfolk and merchants. We exchanged pleasantries with them, but got on our way as quickly as politeness would allow. We never said where we were going or why, but we told everyone to stay indoors after dark. Nobody questioned us on that bit of wisdom.

We reached the forest that afternoon. The day was dying much sooner than it should have for this time of year. The sky was already dim, and would be dark in another two or three hours. I hoped to be under Marisa’s roof before the moon came out. Maybe even spend the night there.

We kept along the path, and were soon under the forest canopy. It was dark under here, just like going from afternoon to dusk in one step. Nighttime would come even faster in the woods. Sleeping over at Marisa’s place would be a very good idea. I decided to ask her.

“Hey Marisa,” I said. “Do you think we….”

My voice trailed off. I stopped walking.

“Do you hear that?” I said.

Marisa didn’t answer. I strained my ears, held my breath, trying to focus on the strange noise that had brushed by my ears a second ago.

Then I heard it again. A soft whimpering sound, like a puppy moaning. Small and far away. Yet I could tell it came from the woods beside the path.

“Hold on Marisa,” I said, stepping into the woods. “I’m going to see what that sound is.”

Still no answer from her, but it didn’t matter. Neither did my senses shutting down, closing off the world around me. I couldn’t hear the birds in the trees or the wind sighing through the leaves. I could only see ten feet in front of myself, as if the night had snuck up on me.

The whimpering sound. It became louder and clearer as I went deeper into the trees. It sounded like a little girl crying. And after going another few yards, I stepped into the clearing where she sat sobbing on the forest floor.

“Hey there!” I said, running across the clearing to her. “No need to cry, sweetie. Are you lost?”

The child looked up at me, her face wet and her eyes red. Even like that, I was stunned at how pretty she was. She wore a pristine schoolgirl’s outfit, a black vest with a red necktie over a white long-sleeved blouse and a long black dress. She had short blonde hair, tied on one side with a small red bow.

I knelt down beside her, put a hand on her arm to comfort her. I pride myself on being able to calm children away from tears. A miko has to deal with kids when their parents come to the shrine. Not to mention how some little brats get upset when they loose festival games.

The girl sniffed, looking at me with wide and innocent eyes. She was relieved to see me. I was another human being. An older one, and therefore her savior.

“Um.” The girl sniffed again, wiped her face dry. “Yeah. I guess.”

“Don’t worry,” I said. “We’re close to the forest’s edge. I’ll lead you out of here and take you back wherever you live. Can you tell me your name?”

“I’m Rumia,” she said, looking down as if ashamed.

“That’s a pretty name.” I took her hand in mine. “Come on, Rumia. Let’s get you home.”

She stood up with me, but wouldn’t move when I tried to pull her along.

“Wait,” she said. “I want to ask a favor before we go.”

I looked back at her. “Sure. What is it?”

She pointed to the ribbon on her head. “This thing. It’s tied on too tight and it’s hurting my hair. I can’t untie it.”

“Uh oh. Let me have a shot at it. Hold still.”

I laid my gohei down, bent over and tried to undo the bow. A miko has dexterous fingers for many reasons. Sewing, cooking, cleaning, home repairs. A ribbon in a girl’s hair should have been no challenge, but this one defied me. The knot was done solid, as if the cloth had been melted together. It couldn’t be untied.

“Careful,” Rumia moaned as I tugged on her hair. “It hurts.”

“Sorry,” I said. “I can’t undo it. I’ll have to cut it out of your hair. Is that okay?”

She said nothing. I took that as a yes. I pulled the throwing knife off my belt and carefully brought it to her head. I held up the lock of hair and pulled the blade through it. Strands of hair parted at the blade’s edge with no force at all. I’d do best not to forget how sharp this thing was. Though it was sweetly poetic to use a killer’s weapon to relieve a little girl’s pain. A thing of evil used for good.

In a second, the bow was out of the girl’s hair.

“There you go,” I said. “Sorry for the haircut, but at least I got this thing off your head.”

I held up the girl’s hand and dropped the bow into her palm. She screamed in pain and dropped the bow to the ground, shaking out her hand. She stepped back from me, an angry sneer on her face.

“You idiot!” she screamed. “I wanted you to get it off me, not give it to me like a piece of candy!”

I stood there, shocked. Rumia yelling surprised me, but less than her sudden change in appearance. Her hair turned brighter, going from ordinary blonde to white golden. Her eyes were brilliant red. I don’t mean the puffiness under the eyes a girl gets from crying. The irises in her eyes were like crimson lightning.

“You….You’re youkai!”

“Well duh,” said Rumia, kicking dirt over the bow on the ground. “What gave it away? The clothes that don’t match any school-going child in the whole valley? The way my dress isn’t dirty even though I was sitting on the ground ten seconds ago? Or maybe it was the whole world going dark around you, even though sunset is at least three hours off. I’ve seen some gullible humans in my time, but you made it easy.”

I looked around, and for the first time I noticed. It was dark, like there was nothing but infinite space outside the clearing.

“I don’t….” I said, trying to understand. “I didn’t….”

“Oh, shut up.” Rumia folded her hands behind her back and stepped towards me. “I know the drill. You’re intentions were all good and noble, so that means you can’t be subject to horrible misfortune. It wouldn’t be fair, right? Sorry to say that ain’t the case, but it’s time someone welcomes you to the real world.”

Reimus! Can ya hears mees? Snap out of its! She’s got ya under a glamours! Reimus!

I shook my head. I was hearing voices.

“The real world,” Rumia went on. “The world where a well-meaning woman tries to save a little girl, but ends up being that little girl’s dinner instead.”

I fell to my knees, my shoulders hanging. She was right. This was the real world. A horrible, cruel place. A place where no good deed when unpunished. A world where people’s homes were covered with evil red mist.

Stands up, Reimus! Don’t listens to hers! Can blasts her into next centuries, but not while she’s got ya tranced. It’ll break your minds. Reimu! For heaven’s sake, WAKE UP!

“There’s nothing to wake up to,” said Rumia, now standing over me. “But you did take that stupid sealing amulet off me, so I’ll do a favor for you. I’ll take you out of this terrible world. I’ll take you away from all your hurts and fears. You’d like that, right?”

“Yes,” I said, holding my hands to my head. “I’m so sick of being afraid. I don’t want to be scared anymore.”

“Then don’t worry.” Rumia lowered her face to mine, as if to kiss me. “It’s almost over. Just relax.”

Yes, I wanted to say. Make me not afraid anymore. Thank you so much.

Rumia’s lips almost touched mine. I could feel the warm moisture of her breath. I welcomed it. Needed it. And I almost had it, until Rumia got hit in the head with a broom.

A thunderclap of pain split through my brain. White pools of light exploded in my eyes, a screaming ring in my ears. It was the same blow that knocked Rumia off me, sent her sprawling into the dirt.

Someone grabbed me by the shoulders, shaking me hard and yelling into my face. I could almost see her, a transparent silhouette on the black background of the real world. It was girl about my age, but no where near as pretty as Rumia. Her clothes were dirty and her face was lined with worry.

REIMU! she screamed into my eyes. Come back to mees!

Rumia was recovering from her broom-beating. She made it back to her feet, unsteady.

“How dare you,” she said. “Don’t you know it’s rude to interrupt someone when she’s eating?”

Who was she talking to? The imaginary girl in front of me? Strangely enough, she seemed to notice Rumia too. She turned to face the smaller girl.

“Then again,” said Rumia. “It’s been a long time since I had human. A double course would hit the spot just fine.”

The imaginary girl got her broom off the ground, held it up like a weapon.

Come and gets it, devil girls! she said. Beat you bloodies until Reimu gets enough headcrackers to wake ups.

Rumia bore her teeth like an angry animal. She ran at the imaginary girl, holding back a fist as if to punch her in the groin. But she never made it. The broom swung down and clipped Rumia upside the head again. Except it felt like my head the broom was hitting. Another skullquake ripped through me, turning my brains into excruciating slush. My eyes wanted to pop out of their sockets and run for freedom. I screamed.

The pain had one good side effect. It brought some clarity back to my senses. The forest didn’t seem so dark as before. I could hear birds singing and the wind blowing. And best of all, I saw Marisa pounding the snot out of the youkai girl who had nearly killed me.

Marisa looked at me. “Back in the lands of the livings?”

I wanted to respond, but my head was pounding too hard. I felt like throwing up.

Rumia was on the ground again. She crawled away from Marisa to the nearest tree, using its trunk to stand.

“It won’t happen like this!” she yelled. “Not right after I’ve been set free!”

Darkness was gathering around her, collecting to her like water at the deepest part of a basin. She was casting.

“I will eat you both!” she said, her voice deeper than before. “Your last living sight will be me feasting on your hearts!” The darkness was deepening, thrumming with power. Marisa dropped her broom and pulled a spellcard from her apron. She held it out before her palm, ready to fire. Then she paused, looked back at me.

“Sorry, Reimus.” She looked back at Rumia. “Love sign!”

The spell didn’t activate instantly. White energy gathered at her hand, opposite the dark power forming around Rumia.

“Your human magic is nothing!” the youkai yelled. “I’ll show you the power of youkai!”

Rumia’s spell activated. Dark tendrils snaked towards Marisa, as if to bind her and squeeze the life out of her. But Marisa didn’t flinch. She stood still, gathering power to her spellcard. Rumia’s black tentacles closed in around her.

Rumia laughed. “It’s over! You’re too late!”

“Nopes. Never too lates to beat darks. ‘Cause all the dark gots is nothings.”

Marisa’s confidence made Rumia look uneasy. Her spell slowed.

“Is that so?”

“Yeps.” Marisa smiled. “Master Spark!”

The white gathered at her hand suddenly expanded, as if it had been compressed until now. A blinding spire of power stabbed out from Marisa’s spellcard, piercing through Rumia’s spell and slamming into the youkai herself. The force knocked her back like a siege battering ram. She flew back into the woods, her limbs spread like a rag doll. Her head hit tree, sending her into a lopsided spin. Even at this distance, I heard the unhealthy crick of her neck breaking.

Rumia’s body finally skid to a stop on the forest floor, some dozens yards away. Even before she lost her momentum, she was dissolving into multicolored sparkles that would soon evaporate. Marisa had killed her.





I sat in Marisa’s home in the Forest of Magic. The lady of the house was in the kitchen brewing tea. The kitchen, half of which doubled as the front room, which doubled as a dining room. Some doorway off to my right led to her bedroom, but the way was blocked with books. Hundreds more books were piled on the floor, pushed up against the walls to allow a small walkway. On the walls, shelves stacked upon shelves bowed under the weight of more books, paper leaflets, bottles, jars and trinkets.

With so much junk, I was surprised Marisa kept even this much order in her home. I was scared to speak loudly for fear of bringing the place down on my head.

I sat on Marisa’s couch, which was really a huge pile of books covered in a blanket. I was staring down at her table, where a small spot had been cleared for two objects. The S I knife, and the red bow I’d cut from Rumia’s hair. The swatch of hair that came with the ribbon had long since dissolved.

Marisa came out of the kitchen, her hat in one hand and a tea tray on the other. Two teacups, a steaming teapot and a plate of crackers. This was supposed to be our dinner tonight, but I didn’t care. I couldn’t have been less hungry.

“Don’t look so down, Reimus.” Marisa used her foot to knock some books off the table, then set the tray down. She tossed her hat onto a pile of books, then sat and poured tea for both of us.

“I’m not down,” I said. “I’m not in imminent danger of death. That’s better than an hour ago.”

Marisa said nothing. She handed me my tea, then sat sipping hers. She looked down at the red ribbon on the table. Her eyebrow rose.

“It came off that youkai girl,” I said.

Marisa picked the bow up and twirled it between her fingers. Little sparks of energy spat off the ribbon, settling on the tabletop and fading away.

“Thought sos,” she said, putting the ribbon down and nudging it towards me. “A sealing amulets. Keeps down a youkai’s powers. Probably the locals put it on hers, keep her from eating peoples. Can’t blame them, eithers. Don’t want your kiddies playing with greater youkai of darknesses. Why did you takes it off hers?”

“She asked me to.”

“No she didn’ts.”

I looked up. “How do you know?”

“Part of the spells,” she said. “Can’t ask for the amulet be removeds. Not directlies.”

“But she did,” I said. “She said it was hurting her hair, so she asked me—”

“You sures? What exactly did she says?”

That stopped me. I tried to remember my conversation with Rumia. Did she actually ask me to take the ribbon off? Or did I fill in the blanks myself?

I put my face in my hands. “I can’t believe this. I shouldn’t have been so stupid.”

“Don’t be hards on yourselves. She got you off guards. Same could’ve happened to mees. Probably went for you, thoughs, ‘cause you got less lecher-looks than I doos. People see mees coming and they thinks, hey better run and hides. Marisa’s comings and she’s gonna steal our precious things. But with you they thinks, hey it’s Reimus. Let’s go tells her our problems and she’ll make us feel warm and fuzzies like a fresh diapers.”

“Is that it?” I said. “I’m a kind fool people can take advantage of?”

Marisa smiled. “Heads is tails if you flip the coin overs. Too bads ya can’t have one without the others.”

I shook my head, but said nothing. I sipped the tea. It was good, some herb I couldn’t remember the name of. Marisa waited for me. She popped in a cracker and crunched it down.

“Can we spend the night here?” I said, putting my teacup down. “Things like they are, I don’t want to be traveling after dark.”

“Surelies,” said Marisa. “But you made me sleeps in the fortune booths, so your bed’s under the drippy water pumps.”

“I would’ve let you sleep inside if you asked me!”

She laughed, putting a hand over her mouth to keep from spraying crumbs everywhere.

“Just messin’ with yas. Get some blankets and sleeps anywhere there’s free spaces. But sure wouldn’t do to walk arounds in the darks. Not with all that scary stuffs up in the skies.”

My heart picked up. I pulled my fingers into fists, trying to keep my hands from shaking. Last night was a night I wanted to forget forever. And I had begun to leave it behind, until Rumia dredged up that same horror. The youkai girl knew nothing of my past or memories, but she could sense my emotions.

“Rumia attacked me,” I said. “Not because I look gullible. Not only because of that. She could taste my…. What’s the word? Aura? Countenance?”

“I know what you means. You gots fears. Lots of thems. Dark youkais are attracted to scary feelings.”

“Then why aren’t you afraid too?” I said. “You saw that stuff in the sky. We don’t know what we’re up against. Doesn’t that terrify you?”

Marisa shrugged. “Draw the lines between fears and worries. You can bees scared without frettings.”

“I wish I could draw that line. They seem like the same thing to me.”

“It’s easies. Be scared and know something’s wrongs, which isn’t a bad by itselfs. But worry shuts you down, keeps you from livings. Can only think of the worsts. Then you start thinkings, what is the worsts? And the answers is, you dies. The worst case scenarios is always you dies a horrible, painful, hideous deaths.”

“You’re not making me feel any better.”

“Not finished yets. Once you get to know deaths, life’s a lot less scaries. Die and you might hurt for a whiles, but much less bad than pains you’ve had in your whole lives. And then the hurts go away, and it’s all overs. You go to heavens and live happily ever afters. The ends.”

“Miko don’t believe in heaven.”

“Then life is overs, and no more hurtings. Still a step ups.”

“What if there’s a hell?”

Marisa sighed. “No what ifs theres. Most definitelies hell exists. Just saw it in the eyes of a youkai girls. Saw your reflections.”





I started crying. Not because Marisa was being mean, but because she spoke the truth. The hard, painful truth. Rumia took control of me so easily because I was laden with fear and doubt. One or two well-timed lies, a couple of misleading truths, and I was caught. Caught by the weakness of my own heart.

I would sooner die than let it happen again. 



I slept better that night, but only because I chose a sleeping spot without any window in sight. I didn’t want to risk my wandering eye getting a glimpse of the night sky. I slept under a low shelf and between two stacks of books. Thankfully I don’t have a fear of tight spaces. One of these days, I’ll get Marisa to clean her house out. Goodness knows how many small animals have died and decomposed in this labyrinth of junk.

I was awake just as the day’s first light filtered into the house. Just like any morning, waking up after a night of crying to mourn the death of one’s self-esteem, I felt haggard. I went to Marisa’s water pump, took a long drink and rinsed my face. The icy cold felt good, woke me up.

I navigated through the front room and into Marisa’s bedroom, which wasn’t any cleaner than the rest of the house. The only clear spot was the bed itself, about three times too big for the person sleeping in it. Marisa lay on her side, covered to the shoulder in blankets. Her breathing was shallow and even. She inhaled, hunnnnnk, then exahaled, zehzehzehhhh.

Was that Marisa snoring? I laughed, slapping a hand on my mouth to stifle it. But then again, I had come in here to wake her. I grabbed the covers and yanked them off the bed. That revealed more than I intended. Marisa wore a nightgown to bed, but nothing else.

If it had been so much of my skin showing to the world, taking my blankets away would have woken me in a bad mood. But not Marisa, apparently. She didn’t stir. Just kept going with that unnecessarily adorable snore. She had to be cuter than me even while asleep. Did she have no shame?

She had to be punished.

I climbed up on the bed and crawled to Marisa slowly, trying not to move the mattress. I cupped a hand near her ear and whispered into it gently.

“Reimu is huge,” I said. “She’s fifty feet tall. She’s taking all your spellcards and eating them.”

I wasn’t stupid enough to think this would give her nightmares, but it was funny. And nightmare or not, she was dreaming about something. She moaned and pulled her arms tighter against her chest.

“Look, Reimu’s got Master Spark. She chews it up. Swallows it. Mmm, yummy.”

That one got her. She moaned again, sounding annoyed. She brought her left hand up, maybe to rub her eyes, but I was too close. Her hand caught me on the chin and snapped my mouth shut, biting my teeth down on my tongue. I clapped my hands over my mouth and screamed pain into them. I got away from Marisa as fast as I could, and fell backwards off the bed. My head knocked on the floor.

I lay there for a while, waiting for the room to stop spinning. Marisa climbed out of bed, bleary eyed, her hair messier than usual. Her bare foot came down on the floor two inches beside my ear, but she didn’t notice me. I certainly noticed her, though. Catching an underside view of Marisa in a nightgown, I saw far more of her than I ever wanted to see. I shut my eyes, trying to squeeze that sight from my mind.

Once she was out of the room, I sat up and shook my head. I heard the water pump running.

“Marisa,” I called. “Good morn—”

“ZeeeeeeEEEEEEEE!”

A high pitched shriek came from the other room. It sounded like a cat in a butter churn. I got to my feet and ran out of the bedroom. I tripped on a pile of books, fell to my hands and knees while scattering dusty volumes everywhere. I scrambled over the clutter and made it halfway through the front room. There Marisa stood, her hair dripping wet and plastered to her thin frame. Her eyes were wide awake.

“Mornings!” she said. “Sleep wells? Had a weird dreams where big fat Reimus was trying to eat mees.”

“Did you…,” I said. “Did you just stick your head under the pump? That water’s freezing!”

“Don’t need to tell mees,” she said, wringing the water from her hair. “Best ways to wake up on a summer mornings. But let’s get goings, okays? Wanna make good times todays. If we’re fasts, should get to the lakes mansion before darks.”

“Go put on some clothes first,” I said.

Marisa looked down at herself. Water was dripping down from her hair, sticking her nightgown to her body. More exposition I could have done without.

“Don’t be shies, Reimus,” she said, grinning. “Same equipments you haves.”

“Your equipment looks like it was manufactured a lot more recently than mine.” I walked past her, heading into the kitchen. “I’m going to try finding something edible. Be dressed before breakfast is ready, or you don’t get any.”





Marisa was right to say we needed to hurry. And not just because of my newly discovered fear of the dark. The mist in the sky was thickening. It had gone from yesterday’s rouge blush to deep crimson. If things kept up like this, the sky would soon go black. Like old dried blood.

We crammed down some meager breakfast and packed up our gear. I tied my up my big floppy bow, Marisa donned her hat, and out the door we went. We took the quickest path out the forest. I kept a good grip on my gohei in case any youkai decided to show. Marisa had her broom at the ready.

In an hour, we were out of the woods. Without the trees to guard our view, we saw how bad things were. The whole valley had taken on the mist’s color. Homes, villages and fields were all lit as if on fire. Worse than that, we met no one as we walked. These paths were well traveled. Merchants should have been going from one town to the next. Families going on walks just to enjoy the land. But not today. People were staying home. They were scared.

This mist would kill Gensokyo’s spirit long before its people.

“Burning lands,” I said as we walked. “Makes you wonder who would want to do something like this.”

“More importants than who is whys,” said Marisa. “But not a lots. Way more importants is if we can stop thems.”

“Speaking of which,” I said. “Did you get your spellcards?”

“Yeps.” Marisa patted her apron pocket. “Six Master Sparks. Six times the destructions needed to kill anythings.”

“I already know you’re an apocalypse on wheels. I meant did you pick up any other spellcards, like you said you were going to?”

“Like I need thems!” she said. “Turns out I used up all my inks on this Master Spark batches.”

“What about the ink you stole from me?”

“Left it at the shrines.”

“Of course you did. You’re a useless as a thief, Marisa.”

She grinned. We kept walking.





The lake grew closer as the day went on. In the distance we saw the island on the water, and the tiny beige dot on it that was the old abandoned mansion. Our road followed around the lake’s edge, but zigged and zagged to stay out of the ponds and wetlands that bordered it. If we followed the road, it would eventually take us to the far side of the lake. We would have to walk twice as far as the crow flew.

We were within sight of the lake shore by noon. What had always been a glittering, cerulean pool in Gensokyo’s landscape now looked like a huge vat of red wine. But the lake’s fresh smell hadn’t changed, wafting to us on the wind. I heard the sound of gently running water, and the chatter of bugs and birds that lived off it.

And there was more to hear than animal noises.

“Hears that, Reimus?” said Marisa.

I nodded. “There’s someone up ahead. Sounds like singing.”

“Yups. Could be another youkais. Be on guards.”

I tried to take her advice. But the sounds and smells of the lake put me at peace, reminded me of how beautiful this place was when both the water and sky were blue. Whoever it was singing added to the image. Her voice was pretty like a siren’s. As we got closer, I could make out the words of her song.


Come out and play.

Come and play with me.

‘Cause it’s a nice day.

There’s so much to see.


The fields and the trees.

Rippling water.

The birds and the bees

Taking things too far.


Maybe we should

Take their example,

Have our own bite

Of that sweet apple.


If it’s with you

I know I can do it.

‘Cause we know the truth

We see right through it.


This love of ours will live on.


Remember that one sweet day when

You got brave and told me how you feel.

But you

Were way to busy stuttering, stumbling to

Let me know and make it show your love was real.


The precious look on your face then

I told you that I felt the same way.

And we

Came together laughing and crying so hard ‘cause

We realized how foolish we’d been that day.


Even now, that we’ve known love so long

We’ve found that nothing’s really changed.

We still

Get into our fights and then make up after

And we’re still just learning this thing “love” is strange.


Even so, this love of ours is strong

And it’ll always make it through the night.

Because

You and I were made for each other’s hearts

Walking beside you is the only thing that’s right.


You’ve listened to my song now dear

So sing along.

It’s no fun to sing alone so

Come out and play

Come and play with me…


And she repeated. After we heard the full song through the first time, Marisa and I exchanged glances.

“Take our own bite of that sweet apple?” I said. “Does she know what she’s singing about?”

“Probably nots,” said Marisa. “Fairies don’t make babies like humans.”

“How do you know it’s a fairy?”

She pointed ahead. “Right up theres.”

I looked forward. A few yards away was a large but shallow pond, surrounded by wet grasses and weeds. In the middle of the pond, kneeling in mud and singing her heart out, was a girl in a blue one-piece dress. A set of translucent fairy wings flapped on her back, keeping time for her song. She had short, curly blue hair two shades lighter than her dress.

That’s right. Blue hair. Youkai have a wider range of colors than humans do. And this fairy’s colors didn’t allow much speculation as to what she was fairy of.

“Let’s go say hellos,” said Marisa.

I put a hand on her shoulder, pulling her to a stop.

“She hasn’t noticed us,” I whispered to her. “Let’s keep going. I don’t want trouble.”

Marisa turned back at me. “Not all youkais are nasties, Reimus. And this one’s a fairies. Might gets her to help us. Maybe fly us across the lakes so we don’t have to walk all days.”

I shook my head. “Absolutely not. Never make a deal with a fairy. They always get the better side of the bargain.”

“Not always. Some fairies are clevers. Some not.” She smiled. “Stupider the fairies, better the deals. Come ons.”

I wanted to argue the point further, but Marisa pulled free and walked to the pond. She held up a hand and called out to the fairy.

“Good days!” she said. “Find anything yummies in the muds?”

The fairy’s head snapped up, her eyes wide. She stood. Her dress somehow came away clean, but her hands and feet were covered with dripping wet earth. She held her arms out, as if to deny entrance.

“No!” she yelled. Her voice was surprisingly powerful coming out of such a small girl.

“Sorry to hear thats,” said Marisa, stepping up to the pond’s edge. “Gots some eats if you wanna have lunches with us—”

“No!” the fairy yelled again, stomping in the mud. She pointed to Marisa’s feet.

“What’s wrongs?” said Marisa. “Want mees to come in barefoots like yous?”

“No trespassing!” said the fairy. “This is Cirno’s pond! Cirno came here first! Any frogs found are property of Cirno!”

“’Course they ares,” said Marisa. “Wouldn’t dreams of taking aways Cirno’s frogs. We’re not heres for frogs, anyways. And by the ways, who is Cirnos?”

The fairy patted her self on the chest. She left no muddy handprint on her blouse.

“This!” she said. “This is Cirno! Cirno the ice fairy!”

“Gotchas. Nice to meet, Cirnos.” Marisa curtsied. “This is Marisa Kirisames.” She pointed a thumb back to me. “That thing back theres is Reimu Hakureis.”

That thing?

“Warm bodied humans,” said Cirno. “What do you want with Cirno?”

“Just shoot the breezes,” said Marisa. “Not every days you meet a greater ice fairies. And in the middle of summers! How come you’re not meltings?”

“Cirno is an ice fairy, not a winter fairy,” she said. “Do warm bodied humans freeze in cold weather?”

“Hopefully nots. Stay insides with some hot teas and a nice fires to warm our toes.”

Cirno nodded and put a dirty hand to her chin, as if considering a thoughtful argument.

“True,” she said. “Cirno usually stays in the lake on summer days. The lake is icky red today, but there’s no sun out either. So Cirno thought she’d come and look for some frogs.”

“Frogs good for eatings?”

“Yuck, no!” Cirno stuck out her tongue. “Frogs aren’t food. They’re art. Nothing’s more magnificent than the creation of hydro-crystallized amphibius.”

“Hydro whats?” Marisa looked back at me. “Help, Reimus?”

“It’s gibberish,” I said, stepping up to Marisa’s side. “She freezes frogs for a living. That’s not art. That’s cruelty.”

“Cirno doesn’t expect a warm bodied human to understand,” said the fairy. “Cirno will honor you with a demonstration. Stand aside!”

Marisa and I both moved, letting Cirno out of the pond. Her wings flapped gently as she walked, just as a human’s arms swing while walking. She shook the mud off her feet before stepping onto the grass, but the mud didn’t come away in globs and spatters. It flew off her feet in frozen chunks and shards. Once both feet were out of the pond, she clapped her hands together. Dirty slivers of ice exploded from her hands and forearms. Marisa and I both looked away, hands over our faces. One bit of ice went down the front of my blouse and stuck in my sarashi. I tried to pick it out, but it melted between my fingers. It left a dirty spot on my chest.

I looked up and saw Cirno with a satisfied smile. Both her hands and feet were clean. There wasn’t even a bit of dirt under her fingernails.

“Very impressives,” said Marisa. “But totally inconsiderates. You haves any useful powers? Can you flies?”

“Of course Cirno can fly!” She beat her wings, blowing cold air at us. “Cirno is a fairy! Fairies can fly!”

“Demonstrate thats,” said Marisa. “Fly mees to that islands across the lakes. Then come backs and get Reimus here. Careful, thoughs. She’s heavier than I ams.”

Cirno laughed at us.

“Ha!” she said. “Trying to get something for nothing. Cirno won’t fall for that. Cirno’s too clever. Cirno will fly by herself. Watch!”

The fairy ran off to the nearest tree, her wings flopping in the wind behind her. The tree was stunted with low-hanging branches. Cirno grabbed the lowest and pulled herself up.

“What is she doing?” I said. “Climbing a tree to show us she can fly?”

“Shhh.” Marisa put a finger over her lips. “Let mees handle this.”

I shook my head. I had no idea what was going on, and Marisa was telling me I didn’t need to. Whatever.

We watched Cirno climb the tree. It wasn’t big, and she soon reached one of the top branches. She stood up on that branch, bowing it under her weight. She held her arms out like another set of wings.

“Watch now!” she yelled to us. “The magnificent flight of Cirno!”

She jumped.





It turned out that Cirno couldn’t fly after all. She could certainly fall, but not fly.

I watched her jump from the tree. I saw her airborne for one second, like a child jumping from a barn into a haystack. Except there was no hay to break Cirno’s fall. She hit the ground. Hit it hard.

Marisa and I ran over to her, the ice fairy who couldn’t fly. The fairy who might have just broken her ankle. The fairy who was crying her eyes out, bawling in pain.

“It hurts!” she cried, rocking back and forth on her butt, clenching her right foot. Tears fell off her face in little gems of ice.

“There theres,” said Marisa, kneeling down beside her. “Cry for a little bits if you wants, but get better soons. Still gotta gets us across the lakes.”

“No!” Cirno yelled at her. “Cirno’s not doing anything for you! Cirno’s in pain! Go away and let Cirno suffer in peace!”

“You’ll helps us,” said Marisa, making her voice sound sinister. “Freezing muds off was a good tricks. Trying to flies was even betters. But tricking you into jumpings out of a trees… that was my demonstrations.”

Demonstration of what? Marisa’s conversation with the fairy wasn’t making any sense. But whatever I was failing to understand, Cirno seemed to understand clearly. She cringed away from Marisa in fear, whimpering.

“Wants to take another tumbles from a high places?” said Marisa. “Or something worses?”

Cirno dug her hands into her hair, shook her head back and forth. “No! Don’t hurt Cirno anymore!”

“Help us across the lakes.”

“Cirno can’t! Fairies can’t give humans something for nothing.”

Marisa opened her mouth, but stopped before threatening Cirno again. She stood, brushing her apron off.

“All rights,” she said. “Probably some kinds of fairies laws. Then we’ll makes you a deals. You like to freeze frogs, rights?”

Cirno said nothing. Just held on to her injured ankle, moaning.

“Like the chances to freezes something bigger than a frogs?” said Marisa.

Still nothing, but she looked up at Marisa. She was interested.

“We’ll make you a deals. Get the us across the lakes. Then, after we’ve done our businesses there….” Marisa stabbed a finger at me. “You can freeze Reimus!”

Cirno’s face lit up. “Really?”

“What?” I said. “No she can’t! I like not being frozen!”

“Whoops.” Marisa put her fist to the side of her head. “Already made the offers. Can’t take it back nows. Too bads, so sads.”

“That’s right!” said Cirno, standing up. “Cirno accepts your offer. Cirno will help you across the lake. Must get to work!” She ran down to the lakeshore, splashing through the muddy pond on the way.

I wanted to say something very harsh to Marisa right then. And I was about to, until I realized Cirno was running. I stared at her as she went, my mouth hanging open.

“But…” I stammered. “But her foot… It was just—”

“Broken, surelies” said Marisa. “Poor frosty girls. Didn’t know hows to spread her weights on a falls.”

“You don’t go frolicking through the mud two minutes after you break a bone!” I said. “How in the world—”

Marisa held up a hand. “Reimu, listens. Cirno’s an ice fairies. What’re her bones are made out ofs?”

“Ice?” I said. “That’s stupid. Bones can’t be made out of ice. They’d break all the time.”

“You bets,” she said. “But when you’re an ice fairies, it’s not hard to freeze. Cirno probablies breaks bones ninety hundred times a days, but never notices ‘cause they heal so fast.”

“Then why did it hurt her so bad?”

Marisa shrugged. “You’d be sad too if you couldn’t flies.”

I had nothing to say. I was so confused and upset. I was tempted to take my gohei and whack Marisa’s hat right off her head. Except that would be a poor way to repay her for her help so far, so I rubbed my eyes instead.

“I don’t understand anything,” I said.

“Ours is not to question whys,” said Marisa. “Ours is only to eat ice creams and pies.”

“And what the heck does that mean?”

“Have funs and don’t sweat the small stuffs.” She pointed down to the lake. “Cirno’s got a solutions for us. Let’s go sees.”





Cirno made us a raft.

She started by cupping lake water between her hands, freezing it into a bowl-shaped ingot of ice. She dropped it in the water. It plopped below the surface and came back up, bobbing up and down.

“Water gets bigger when it freezes,” she said. “Ice isn’t as heavy as water, so it floats.”

Cirno put her fingers in the water and spun the chunk of ice around. The more it revolved, the larger it grew. It became as large as a dinner plate, the trunk of a tree, a wagon wheel. Soon she was no longer spinning it with her fingers, but giving it hefty pushes with both arms. All the while, she smoothed her hands over the top, keeping it mostly flat.

Before long, the ice platform was large enough to support the weight of two people. I could only see the top surface, but I suspected the ice extended a long ways underwater.

“So we’ll float out on this thing?” I said. “I don’t know. It seems unstable.”

“Totally stables,” said Marisa. “This’ll never sinks, unlike boats. But missing somethings.” She set her broom down and gathered up two big handfuls of soil. She hopped onto the ice raft, which only bobbed slightly under her weight. Her feet slipped a little, but she stayed standing. She dropped the dirt onto the raft’s top and spread it around with her feet.

“Stop!” said Cirno, beating her wings in anger. “What’re you doing? You’re ruining my masterpiece!”

“Every work needs an imperfections,” said Marisa. She stepped back to the shore to gather more dirt. “Me and Reimus can’t go slippy-slidies all over. Gotta have some grits.”

“She’s right,” I said, gathering up some dirt and following Marisa’s example. “When this thing starts to melt, we’ll slide right off and into the water. The dirt will give us some friction.”

Cirno hmphed, but didn’t try to stop us. Marisa and I spread a few more handfuls of earth and rocks and grass over the raft. Soon we could stand on it without loosing our balance. Our shoes would get muddy, but we could live with that.

“Very well.” Cirno waded into the water, clamped her hands on the raft’s edge. “Now you’ll see Cirno’s true power.”

She flapped her wings and kicked her feet, and we were moving away from the shore. Cirno swam, pushing us along at the speed of a brisk walk. Marisa giggled. She cupped a hand by her mouth and whispered to me.

“Her true powers,” she said. “She’s a boat motors.”

“A boat what?” I whispered back.

Marisa shook her head. “Read in a books. I’ll show you sometimes.”





The shore got further away, until it was no more important to the eyes than the mountains in the distance. The lake was still red, although the effect wasn’t as dramatic when on the water. Looking straight down, I could see through the water and to the lake bed. It was as clean and clear as it had ever been. But when I looked up and gazed around the waterscape, the water took on the sky’s color. We were rafting through a sea of blood.

And just to make things weird, Cirno hummed the whole way. It sounded like the same tune she’d been singing when we met her. Yet her head never came up from the water, and no air bubbles came from her nose or mouth. She seemed to breathe water just as easily as air. She kept pushing us, pumping her legs and wings diligently, never tiring.

Marisa used her broom as a rudder. She alternately dipped it into the water on either side of the raft, giving enough drag to keep Cirno on a straight course. I would have used my gohei to help, but a miko’s staff is essentially a stick with paper tied to it. It wouldn’t have made a difference.

“Can’t believe Cirnos wants a paybacks for this,” said Marisa, pulling her broom from the water. “Having the times of her lives.”

“What I can’t believe is what you offered her,” I said. “Freeze me? What were you thinking?”

“Thinking might not gets around the lake by nightfalls,” she said. “If we goes across the waters instead of around its, Gensokyo might not spends one more nights under those evil clouds. Don’t stop whoever’s making the mists, it won’t matters if you’re Reimu the Snowmans.”

Darn it. She was right. I hated it when Marisa was right.

“So what happens if we succeed?” I said. “We’ve got this glorious victory over the forces of darkness. Except I can’t enjoy it, because Cirno turns me into an icicle. What then?”

Marisa grinned, patted the apron pocket that carried her spellcards.

I sighed. “Master Spark isn’t the solution to all the world’s problems, you know.”

“All but ones,” she said. “Won’t solve that whole love things.”

I blinked at that. Then I laughed. I imagined a few ways Master spark could solve the problem of love, but they all focused on someone getting incinerated.





We made good time. The island grew closer and larger, looking like a continent unto itself. Even so, by the time we set foot on land again, noon was long past. The sky was darkening.

Our ice raft had shrunk some during the trip, but not much. I supposed Cirno kept refreezing water to it as we went. Cirno stayed in the water and pushed the raft away. Little moulds the shape of her fingers and hands were melted into the edge. Her hands weren’t warm enough to soften the ice, but readily became a part of it. She rolled over and floated on her back, hands behind her head.

“That was a good swim,” she said. “But Cirno’s tired now, so she’s going to drift.” She looked at me. “You’re indebted to Cirno now. Don’t forget!”

“I won’t,” I said. What I didn’t say was, But I’m desperately hoping that you will.

Cirno seemed satisfied. She leaned back, kicking her legs gently to push away from the shore. Marisa and I turned to look over the island.

The abandoned mansion was the biggest thing here. Covering about half the island, the mansion stood tall, wide and imposing. A large, red brick wall surrounded the whole place, topped with guard towers every hundred yards. What could be seen above the wall were huge spires stabbing into the sky, tall buildings and the turrets built onto them.

“It’s not even a mansion,” I said. “It’s more like a palace. Or a keep.”

Marisa nodded. “Big, but no matters. Let’s move in, and carefullies. Don’t have any covers.”

I nodded. Our approach to the mansion would be exposed. There was no terrain to hide behind, no dark of night to cloak us. A few trees dotted the landscape between here and the mansion wall, but that was it.

I started walking. Marisa came up beside me.

“We have no hope of stealth,” I said. “Let’s try diplomacy instead. If we see anyone, let’s greet them.”

“Okays. Peoples on the walls can pick us off no troubles, but oh wells. Scared, Reimus?”

I took a deep breath, let it out. I hadn’t noticed it until she asked, but my heart was beating faster than I wanted it to.

“Terrified,” I looked at her. “But that hasn’t stopped us so far, right?”

“Not yets,” she said.
We were obviously approaching the mansion from behind. There was no gate in the wall up ahead. The structures beyond seemed it to point away from us, as if the mansion didn’t want to present this side of itself to newcomers. The front gate must have faced the land bridge that connected the island to the mainland.

As we got closer, we saw small lights from some of the windows. I guessed youkai were squatting in the mansion. They naturally like to hide during the daytime. An abandoned place like this would be a haven for wayward fairies.

We made it to the brick wall. There was no way over or under or through it, so we started walking around. Marisa’s comment about people on the walls unnerved me, so I kept looking above to make sure we were clear. But no one was patrolling. The guard towers were all empty. Except for the fairy lights, the placed seemed abandoned as rumored. For some reason, that made me worry more.

The island wasn’t as big as it first looked, but we still had a long ways around to walk. The shoreline ran dangerously close to the wall at times. In some places, Marisa and I had to edge along with our backs pressed to the bricks, lest we fall down a muddy slope and splash into the lake below. Marisa always went first through the slippery spots. I don’t know if she had some tactical reason for that, or maybe she was being the hero like always. Putting herself in danger before me.

That really annoyed me.

Around the curve of the wall, we saw the land bridge that led off the island. We slowed down, knowing the front gate was close.

“Hold ups!” Marisa whisper-hissed back at me. “Someone’s up aheads.”

We stopped, poked our heads past the wall just far enough to see. Before the front gate was a tall woman, standing with her hands on her hips. She turned a little to the left, showing us her profile.

“My word,” I whispered. “She’s beautiful.”

“No kiddings,” Marisa whispered back. “Look at her boobs! She’s huges!”

I wanted to thump her on the head for pointing out the obvious, but only because of my own inadequacies. And in all fairness, the woman up ahead was stunning. Her dark green outfit looked like a cross between a gi and an evening dress. She wore a beret with a star-shaped emblem on the front, inscribed with a character of the old language. Her hair was red, but not the carrot orange that humans call red. It was brilliant red, the color of ruby. It flowed down her back and framed her face.

No human woman would have this unreal beauty. This was a youkai, and a powerful one by the look of her.

“Still goings with diplomacies?” said Marisa. “Wanna walks up and say hellos?”

I didn’t know. I was out of my league here. Thankfully, I didn’t have to make a decision. The youkai woman ahead took our attention back. She snapped into a martial arts stance, holding up both hands. She looked ready to kill someone. She swished one arm to the side, as if deflecting an incoming blow, and shot her other fist out in a nasty punch. She repeated the motion with the hands reversed. Each time she moved, she shouted “Hai!”

She punched the air. “Hai!” She kicked where a grown man’s groin might have been. “Hai!” She pulled her fist up beside her ear, perhaps smacking an imaginary attacker behind her. “Hai!”

Her practice moves might have gone on for hours, but she lost momentum after a few moves. Her shoulders slumped and her arms hung down. She let out a frustrated noise.

“Agh!” she said. “This is so boring! Why won’t the mistress let me go fight anyone?”

Marisa and I looked at each other.

The mistress?

“Looks like diplomacies is outs,” said Marisa. She pulled a spellcard from her apron, held it up between two fingers. “Plan bees.”

“No!” I hissed at her. “Don’t!”

She didn’t listen. I tried to grab her, but she slipped away. She stepped out from the wall, putting herself in plain sight of the youkai woman.

“Heys!” she called, holding up the spellcard.

The youkai turned to face her, again in fighting stance. “Who are you? Intruder!”

“Getting that ways pretty fasts,” said Marisa. “Love sign, Master Spark!”

Without taking the time to charge, the white laser shot out immediately. It was a smaller beam than the spell was capable of, but had enough power to kill anything it hit. The youkai was dead before she knew what hit her. Or would have been, but the spell never did hit her.

She dodged it.

It’s impossible to move faster than a laser spell. Nothing travels faster than light. But the youkai woman had inhuman reflexes, and moved before the spellcard launched. Marisa didn’t have the time to adjust her aim. The youkai ducked to the side, only leaving a few strands of hair to burn in the beam of energy going past her.

She ran to Marisa, moving faster than any living had a right to. Marisa realized her spell had failed, and was moving to hold up her broom in defense. The youkai closed the gap too quickly for Marisa to guard. She knocked her broom aside with one arm, then shot a punch into her belly. Marisa turned away and clamped an arm around her middle, suddenly gasping for air. Her face went bright red. The youkai sent a roundhouse kick into her back, knocking Marisa down to the ground.

Marisa was beat less than thirty seconds after making herself known.

“I should be careful what I wish for,” said the youkai, turning to face me. “And she brought a friend. Stay put, human. Make any moves and I’ll take you down too.”

Only then did I realize I was holding up my gohei in guard, as if it would do me any good. I didn’t move, but only because I was too scared.

“Who are you?” I said, just barely keeping the shivers out of my voice.

“How rude!” said the youkai. “You’re the trespasser. Tell me your name and purpose first.”

“I’m Reimu Hakurei, of the Hakurei shrine,” I said. “I’ve come seeking the origin of the mist in the sky.”

“Have you?” she said. “That’s noble, I guess. But I didn’t think shrine maidens did that kind of work. Shouldn’t you be home collecting donations?”

“My reasons for being here are my own,” I said. “I told you my name. Your turn.”

She gave me a stiff bow. “Hong Meiling, door guard of the Scarlet Mansion, servant of Lady Scarlet. You and your friend are now my prisoners. I will take you inside where the Mistress will decide what to do with you.”

“That won’t happen.”

“Oh? Why not?”

“Because you’re sitting on another—”

“Love sign!” Marisa yelled. “Master Spark!”





I couldn’t believe how stupid this youkai Meiling was. Fundamental to martial arts was situational awareness, and she had none of it. I kept her talking while Marisa pulled out another spell card, and the game was over.

Too bad it didn’t work. What Meiling lacked in prudence, she made up for in movement. Even as Marisa spoke the words to her spell, the youkai was twisting around to avoid it. Marisa moved the spell, trying to hit her target, but only seared off more of Meiling’s hair.

I saw my chance, and knew I wouldn’t get another one. While Meiling was moving to dodge, I yanked one of my three spellcards from my belt. I had no idea what it would do, but I was panicky enough not to care. I held the card out and shouted the spell.

“Spirit sign!” I yelled.

Unlike Marisa, I wasn’t used to casting spellcards. I yelled in surprise at the feel of it. Ambient power rushed into me, filled me and overflowed from me. The power coming out swirled into a cohesive shape. Seven spheres, one for each color of the rainbow, formed around my head and shoulders. They ran circles around me like satellites. Their centers churned with liquid light of their colors. The blue orb looked like water from the ocean depths, and the red orb like molten fire.

I stood, watching the spell around me with my mouth hung open like an idiot. Meiling wasn’t impressed. She was running at me, ready to put me down hard. I pointed to her, willing the spheres at her.

“Fantasy Orb!” I yelled, and not a moment too soon. Less than a second later, Meiling would have been on top of me. The spell activated, each colored orb ceasing its orbit around me and shooting towards her. Yellow was the closest, and she twisted aside to dodge it. The golden ball whizzed past her, skidded along the grass past Marisa, and eventually dropped off into the lake. This was a guided-shot spell, but not a perfect one. If the orbs missed at first, they wouldn’t redirect to try again.

Immediately after the yellow orb, the blue came at Meiling’s head. She ducked under it, and the orb dipped with her, but only enough to graze the top of her head. It knocked off her hat, the blue light turning her hair purple before passing by. The red and green orbs came right after, one from each side. She turned her profile to them and sidestepped between them. Her midriff was slim, letting the two orbs skim by her front and back. The red orb seared off part of her blouse, exposing her belly.

The remaining three orbs followed in a triangle pattern. She couldn’t dodge all three of them. She leapt to the side, trying to get herself out of the way. Two of the orbs flew by, but the third landed a direct hit on her leg. It exploded in a brilliant indigo flash, shredding Meiling’s clothes and flesh. The force of the spell sent her into a lopsided spin, threw her to the ground.

“Ha!” I shouted, beating the end of my gohei on the grass. “That’s what you get for messing with a miko!”

But even as I said that, Meiling was recovering. The dress had been torn from her left leg, showing a thigh covering with youkai blood. But even with one lame leg, she got back to her feet. She had to rest all her weight on her right foot, using her left only for balance.

“You… will… pay for that!” she yelled, limping towards me, breathing hard. “I can kill you even with one leg gone.”

I held up my gohei. My fear was gone. I was angry. Anger at hurting my friend. Anger at trying to hurt me. I wanted to give it all back with interest.

I closed in on Meiling, ready to give her a good smack. I swung my gohei at her head, but she blocked it with an upraised hand. She grabbed the stick and pulled hard, yanking it from my grasp. She was stronger than I’d expected, and I was suddenly weaponless. With a quick motion, she whipped the gohei around and jammed the butt of it into my solar plexus.

It hurt. The pain shot through to my spine and closed off my lungs. I fell to my knees, grasping at my chest and trying in vain to breathe. I felt the gohei gently tap against the side of my head. I looked up, saw Meiling sneering down at me.

“I’m going to kill you now,” she said. “No human angers Hong Meiling and lives to tell about it.”

She was angry? My teeth were clenched, and I would have screamed if I had the breath. I couldn’t bear the idea that she might win. She was faster and stronger than me. She would break the gohei over my head, and she would win. It made me want to destroy her a hundred times over.

Then I realized my chance. Meiling had been stupid again. She exposed her weak spot to me. Her wounded thigh was right on level with my face. As she pulled up the gohei, about to swing it down and break my skull, I pulled the assassin’s knife from my belt. I was nowhere near fast enough, but the mere sight of the knife stopped Meiling.

“That blade,” she said, her eyes opening wide. “Where did you—”

She shrieked in pain, a horrible, piercing noise. I had stuck the knife into her bleeding leg, pushing it in as far as I could. It went easily into the dense meat of her thigh, and stopped when the tip struck something solid. I had stabbed right to the bone.

Meiling dropped the gohei and doubled over, holding her leg and crying. She fell to her side, fresh youkai blood gushing from the new wound.

“No!” she yelled. “Mistress! Lady Scarlet! Please save me!”

I backed off and stood, still holding the pained spot on my chest.

“Nobody’s coming to save you,” I said. I pulled another spellcard and held it at her. “Spirit sign: Fantasy Orb!”

Again power flooded into me, and poured out in the shape of seven colored spheres. Except these weren’t as well made as the first batch. They were lop-sided, malformed. The yellow one was shaped like a bean. But I didn’t care. So long as they hurt the arrogant youkai in front of me.

I pointed at Meiling and willed the magic spheres at her. They flew, and they hit. The first hit her in the stomach, its explosion tearing away more of her clothes and skin. It knocked her back, sent her rolling on the grass. The second hit her, and the third, and each pushed and damaged her further. Her body bucked and seized under each hit. The last one pushed her over the edge of the island, dumping her into the lake below.

She was gone.





“Wowies,” said Marisa, appearing behind me. “Remind mees never to make you mads.”

I turned to her. She held her broom in one hand, the other hand on her belly.

“Where were you?” I said. “She about killed me!”

“Tried to gets good angles for Master Sparks,” she said. “Hard, thoughs. Didn’t wants to blow you away toos.”

“You can’t solve everything with spellcards!” I said.

“Maybe nots,” she said. “But spellcards and a knifes. That’ll do the tricks every times.”

I stood there, staring agape at her. She may as well have slapped me. You’re every bit as violent and single-minded as I am, she was saying. More so.

“Whatever,” I said. I picked up my gohei, brushed the grass off it. “Let’s go. I want to meet Lady Scarlet.”

“Waits.” Marisa tugged on my sleeve. “Scarlet’s first servant almosts sent us to heavens. Servants inside the mansions are probably strongers. Are we readies for thats?”

“I didn’t come all this way to turn back!” I yelled at her. “I’m going in! If you want to chicken out now, then go home by yourself.”

I pulled my sleeve from Marisa’s grip and stomped off towards the manor gates. She followed.





No wonder the Scarlet Mansion had a door guard. The front gate had no lock. An impressive stone arch, topped with a spire on either side, stood over a pair of large wooden doors with steel studs. But no chains. No keyhole. Nothing to keep a person from pushing the doors apart and walking in. Except the guard, who had probably long since dissolved like a dead youkai.

I pushed my weight against the doors, swinging them inwards. They opened on a large courtyard and gave us a proper view of the Scarlet Mansion. From behind, we’d seen towers and lofts that made the place look like a small town. Now we saw all those structures were parts of the same building. A huge, multi-winged residence spread out in a cobblestone court. In the center stood a stone well, a bucket hanging over it from a pulley. Beyond the well, on far side of the yard, was the mansion’s main wing.

We stepped into the court and walked towards the well, slowly and cautiously. We didn’t know if the cobblestones were booby trapped. Stepping on one might launch spears at us from the walls, or drop tear bombs from the terraces above.

Our caution was wasted, it seemed. We sprung no traps. The place was dead still. Even the fairy lights we saw in the windows were now gone. If I hadn’t just fought off a powerful guard, I would have guessed the place was empty.

“Spookies,” said Marisa, barely above a whisper. “Like someone’s gonna jump outs and yell BOOs!”

I said nothing, because I felt the same way. I saw something beside the well at the heart of the yard. A boxy wooden handcart lay there. It had two handle bars and enough cargo room to carry one person, like a poor man’s rickshaw.

“I wonder who left that there,” I said as I passed by it. I looked back at Marisa and saw her staring down at it, her face gone white.

“Oh noes,” she said. She looked up at me. “The assasins does live heres. Walking right into his houses!”

“What?” I said. “You can tell by a dinged-up old cart?”

“His carts!” she said. “Carries his dead bodies in its. Carries them heres. Does who knows whats with thems.”

“You never mentioned the assassin having a cart,” I said. “Just the knife—”

“And the knives!” Marisa stepped up to me. “That China-girls you beat ups. Recognized the knives before you stabbed hers! The assassin lives heres!”

“Isn’t that why you brought me here?” I said. She was being annoying again.

“Eh.” She shrugged. “Fun to tells scary stories. Not so funs to live thems.”

“Welcome to the real world, Marisa.” I turned my back to her, kept heading across the yard.

She moaned like a scared little girl, but she kept up with me. On the far side of the courtyard, facing across to the entrance gate, was the manor’s main entrance. I climbed three steps up to it, lifted a huge brass knocker and slammed it down.

“Hey!” I yelled at the door. “Lady Scarlet! Get your red butt out here!”

Nothing. My voice echoed through the yard and faded back to silence. The windows were empty, and the sky was rapidly darkening. I gripped the big doorknob with both hands and twisted as hard as my miko muscles would let me. The knob turned not at all. Locked tight.

I pulled in breath. “Lady Scarlet! Come out­—”

“Reimu, stop the shoutings! Found somethings over heres.”

Beside the steps that led to the main doors, Marisa was kicking away some dirt on a spot of ground. Under it was a pair of gray cellar doors, painted to blend in with the cobblestones. Marisa knelt down, got her fingers between the wooden planks and pulled one of them up. They opened on stone steps that led down into darkness.

“Look at thats,” she said, straightening her hat. “Left the back doors opens.”

I hopped off the steps, landing beside her. “Left is the right word. They want us to go in this way. Go down those steps, you’ll be walking into a trap for sure.”

“Probablies. Don’t see whole lots of choices.”

“We could break in through a window.”

“None’s on ground floors.”

I looked back across the courtyard, and saw that she was right. The windows started no lower than the second floor, and the walls were smooth below them. No way to climb.

“Darn it.” I looked down at the open cellar doors. “All right. Not as if we’ve done enough stupid stuff on the way here. Can you light the way for us?”

Marisa smiled. She held up one hand, as if holding a bowl. Liquid energy swirled together an inch above her palm, gathering into a white sphere the size of a coin. She put her hand above her forehead, in front of the bow on her hat, and the ball of light stuck there. It was small, but bright. Milky light filled our corner of the courtyard.

“Good,” I said. “It’s narrow. We have to walk in file. You first.”

She nodded. One hand on her broom, the other on her hat, she stepped down through the cellar doors. I went in after her, leaving the doors open behind us. I feared nothing from outside. I only feared what might be ahead of us.





The booby trap mentality was worse down here. Descending a stone staircase in a claustrophobic tunnel, we’d surely step on a switch or trip a wire. Spikes would stab down from the ceiling, or the steps would slide apart and drop us into a bottomless pit.

But there were no traps. Just steps going down and down.

“This is too easy,” I said.

“Want it to be harders?” said Marisa, staying two steps ahead of me.

“Kind of. At least then I might not be so anxious.”

“Maybies not expecting us. Might walks right into Scarlet’s bedroom, ask her really nicelies to stop redding-up Gensokyos, and by the ways if any assassins live under your beds, ask him to stops killing peoples pretty pleases? She says sure, no problems, they lives happily ever afters.”

“You know that won’t happen,” I said. “Getting in so easily can only mean one thing. Scarlet wants to meet us. Deal with us in person.”

“Yups.”

The further down we went, the further we left summer behind. The stone walls were cool to the touch. My flowing warm-weather clothes weren’t keeping my heat in. Gooseflesh prickled all over me.

“Look’s like we hit bottoms,” said Marisa.

The stairs ended in a flat stone floor. A short hall ended in a heavy wooden door. It had a lock, but the door was hanging an inch open.

Marisa put a hand near the door’s knob, but didn’t touch it. “You get your wishes. The door is warms.”

“So?” I said.

She looked back at me. “Think about its. What’s behind this doors?”

“I don’t know. A cellar, I’d guess. This far below ground, it’s cool all year. Good for storing food.”

“Exactlies. Supposed to be cold down heres, but the door is warms. You wanted a traps. Found its.”

“I’ll take your word for it,” I said. “Can we do something about it?”

“Think sos. This spells was done all sloppies. Who left it wasn’t goods or didn’t have much times. Trigger once, and we get throughs. Stand backs.”

I did as she said, moving back to the bottom of the staircase. Marisa held up her broom with one hand, and pulled the door open with the other. She stepped back in the same motion. The door opened on empty blackness. I assumed we were looking into a room, but Marisa’s hatlight didn’t pierce the darkness.

Other than that, nothing happened.

“So far so goods,” she said. She took her broom in both hands, as if to toss it. “So long old girls.”

She threw her broom through the door. I wanted to ask her why she had done that, but I got my answer right then. The broom burst into harsh red and white light. My eyes were just getting used to the dark, and this numbed them. I clamped my eyes shut tight, rubbing the feeling back into them. When I could see again, Marisa’s broom was on the stone floor past the door. What was left of it, some ashen bristles and a smoking pike of bamboo.

“Your broom!” I said. “I mean my broom.”

“Just saved our lives,” said Marisa. “Sprung the trap for us. Way’s clear nows. Head ins.”

Marisa went through the door, stepping over the broom’s remnants. I followed her, hoping my gohei wouldn’t meet a similar fate.

“So where is this?” I said.

We had stepped into what felt like a large chamber. I could only guess the place’s size from the difference in air pressure. The room was pitch dark. Marisa’s illuminating spell didn’t reach far enough to show anything but a few feet of stone floor.

“Dump some oil ons,” she said She held two fingers up to her hatlight. The little ball of energy doubled and tripled in size, spreading white luminance for yards in all directions. Rows of huge shelves emerged from the darkness, stacked packages and parcels and jars and bottles. The walls were lined with hundreds piled sacks, presumably full of grains.

“Goo-dees,” said Marisa in awe. “Just realized I’m hungries. Think we might finds any cakes in heres?”

“I wouldn’t eat anything if I were you,” I said. “We don’t know what kind of creatures live here. What they eat might not be good for humans.”

We walked down the center isle, past shelves and more shelves. Each was stuffed full with food. Rice and flower and bottled fruits and vegetables in syrup, among other edibles that can be forgotten for months at a time. Towards the end of the cellar, the shelves were different. These last were not blocky nail-together jobs like the shelves before them, but delicate works of wooden lattice and wicker. Marisa gasped.

“Wines!” she said. “A lot of wines!”

She ran halfway down the shelf and picked out a bottle. I followed her, but only because she had the light.

“So it is,” I said, glancing at the racks of bottles. “Marisa, this isn’t the time.”

“Oh, and lookies.” She got one expensive-looking bottle, held it up by the neck and read the label. “Bunyip berry wines. Bottled in the years—”

“No way,” I said, yanking the bottle from her. “That’s impossible. The bunyip bush has been extinct in Gensokyo for centuries.”

And yet, the label did say it was bunyip berry wine. I wouldn’t know if it were true, even if I drank the wine. I had no idea how the berries where supposed to taste.

Marisa tapped a fingernail on the bottle in my hands. “But if it is, makes this pretty valuables, rights?”

“That’s an understatement,” I said. “Money couldn’t buy wine like this.”

“Feeling thirsty, Reimus?”

“What? No!” I pushed the bottle back at her. “We’re on business here. Put it back and let’s move on.”

“Surlies.” Marisa took the bottle and made as if to slide it back in the lattice. Then she turned suddenly, and slammed the bottle against the shelf behind us. The neck broke off, spilling cold wine and shattered glass to the floor.

“Hey!” I yelled. I stepped back, hoping she hadn’t gotten any wine on my clothes. “What do you think….”

My voice left me. Marisa touched the broken bottle to her lips and leaned back, took a hearty swig. She squeezed her eyes shut, letting out an ecstatic little squeal. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and held the bottle out to me.

“So sweets!” she said. “Have somes!”

I took the bottle, but didn’t drink. The smell was enticing. Sweeter than any candy, but wholesome like fresh fruit. Standing in the enemy’s cellar. Drinking the enemy’s wine from a broken bottle neck. It was crazy. But the only other person here was insane herself, so no one would judge me.

“If I do,” I said, “can we move on?”

“Betchas.”

“All right,” I brought the bottle to my mouth, careful not to cut myself on the sharp edges. I tipped the wine to my lips, and drank.





Oh wow.

I want to describe how good the wine was, but it defies words. Suffice it to say, I felt heartbreaking loss that bunyip berries had disappeared from Gensokyo long before I was born. If they were still around, I would be down in the valley at least once a week to pick several basketfuls.

Before lowering the bottle from my lips, I drank more than miko are technically supposed to.

“That’s the spirits!” said Marisa. “Wine’s for chuggings, not sippings.”

I let out a satisfied pah noise, wiping my mouth.

“Nice,” I said, holding the bottle out to her. “But we should really—”

Marisa pushed the wine back at me. “Have mores. Drink your fills!” She turned to the rack and pulled out another bottle. She broke the neck off, spilling some wine darker than the bunyip berry. She threw her head back and drank deeply, worked through four or five swallows.

“Stop it, Marisa!” I yelled. “This isn’t a good place to get sloshed!”

She came up for air, let out a smelly sigh.

“Let’s hopes the mages agrees with thats.” She tipped the bottle up and drank again.

“Mage?” I said. “What mage? You’re the only magician here.”

“Don’t think sos. Know my own kinds, yeah. Firelight traps, fine wines. Probably a libraries somewhere in heres. We magicians love all that stuffs.”

“Then how come I never see any wine at your place?”

Marisa leaned back against the shelf, a drunken blush under her eyes. Darn her. She was adorable even when getting hammered.

“Just ‘cause I’m a witches doesn’t mean I’m riches. Don’t work, don’t have monies. Good old Marisa’s pretty lazies. But mages rich and poors are all the sames. Bet the mage lives heres gots a special way to get straight from his bed to this cellars. Just in case he wants to enjoys some grape punches and read a books by the fireplaces.”

It dawned on me. Marisa was stupidly brilliant.

“So you’re hoping that breaking into this mage’s stash will make him come and try to stop us.”

“Yuppers.” Marisa raised her bottle to me, as if making a toast. “Keep going the obvious ways, keep running into more traps. But the mage angries, tip his hand firsts.”

“He won’t come unless he knows we’re drinking his wine,” I said. “You think he’s watching us somehow.”

Marisa came back from another bout with her bottle. “Course’ofs. On his turfs. Probably hears everything we’re sayings. Just make him madders. Bottoms ups.” She drank again.

“We could just break the bottles, rather than drinking them dry.”

“Surely we—hic! ‘Scuse mees. Surely we coulds. But when’ll gets the chances to have drinkies like—hic!” She giggled at herself. “But if ya doesn’t drinks those bunyips, I’ll hafta take ‘em from yas and—hic!”

“You’re actually easier to understand while drunk.” I looked down at my mostly full bottle. “Well. Drink, drink, drink some more, and be merry. For we die ten minutes from now.” I followed Marisa’s example, took a pull of smooth bunyip berry perfection. 
Let’s be honest. Helping myself to the enemy’s wine was a terribly stupid thing to do. I drank with Marisa not because I thought it was a good idea. Not because her explanations appealed to me. Not because I thought it would get us closer to our enemy. I drank because I wanted to drink.

It was not the right thing to do. And if it weren’t for Marisa, I wouldn’t have lived to regret it. True, if not for her, I wouldn’t have been there in the first place. But the circumstances don’t change who I am, and I would have done the same thing in another situation had Marisa been there or not.

I was tired and scared, and that left me vulnerable to temptation. And by temptation, I don’t mean drinking alcohol by itself. I was tempted into acting on my fear and anger. I saw a chance to get a cheap shot against my enemies, give them a metaphorical sucker punch. Hurt them like they’d hurt me. Drink their wine. That was more intoxicating than the drink itself.

Marisa passed out before finishing her second bottle. Her hatlight dimmed and went out, leaving me in perfect dark. I still wanted more after my second bottle, but I was too tipped to break open a third. I made a couple of weak attempts to break it against a shelf, but I lost my grip and dropped the bottle. It shattered on the floor instead, making a big puddle. I laughed at myself, and ended up on the floor soaking in the wine I’d just spilled.

The stone floor felt warm and soft under me. But that was wrong. Stone floors were supposed to be cold and hard. It didn’t seem to matter. My mind was leaving me, and I was glad to see it go. I needed the break.

“Okay. They’re both out. Let’s tie ‘em up.”

“I don’t wanna! They beat Meiling!”

I must have been further gone than I thought. I was hearing whispers. Maybe I was dreaming.

“You’ll get killed if you don’t follow orders.”

“No! I’m scared.”

“Listen to me, you coward. If they’re not tied up when Patchouli gets down here, I’ll make sure she knows it’s because you wouldn’t help me. And she’ll tell Lady Scarlet, and she’ll sick the dog on you. Who’re you more scared of? A couple of drunk girls or her?”

“Okay, okay! Let’s just get it over with.”

Either I wasn’t dreaming, or my dream involved two small, talking youkai fairies wrapping cord around my ankles. They both glowed with bluish white light, and were both dressed like modest maids.

“Wha…” I said, still not sure if I was awake. “What’re you…”

“Oh no!” screeched the more timid of the two fairies. “She’s awake! We’re dead!”

The other fairy proved she was not braver than her friend. She didn’t even waste time on words. She turned wings and flew off, disappearing into a square hole in the ceiling.

“Wait! Wait for meee!” The meek fairy turned and followed, flying over Marisa’s collapsed body on the way.

Marisa’s hand shot up and grabbed the fairy around the middle. The fairy panicked. She screamed and beat her little fists against Marisa’s fingers.

“No, no, no! Let me go!”

Marisa sat up, propping herself up on one arm. She brought her face on level with the fairy’s, looked her eye to eye.

“Foolish of mees,” said Marisa. “Why would a witches come downs when she can send servants insteads?”

The fairy had her hands bunched up against her breast. Her teeth chattered in terror, letting out a tiny mimimimi noise.

“That mistake was mines,” said Marisa. “Your masters made two mistakes. First, letting me nears Scarlet’s wines. Not smarts at alls. Second, thinking Marisa can’t hold her boozes!”

She threw the fairy into the air. The youkai took flight and darted up through the hole in the ceiling, leaving the room dark again. I pushed my self into a sit like Marisa had, but I couldn’t do better. The room did somersaults, back flips, cartwheels and other gymnastics around my head.

I heard unpleasant noises coming from Marisa, coughing, gagging, retching. The smell hit me soon after, the stench of human bile diluted with wine. She was puking all over the floor, and the smell made me feel like joining her.

“Woo.” She spat the last of it from her mouth. “Not as good coming ups as going downs.”

I sat with my back to the wine rack, trying to get a hold on myself. The room lit as Marisa cast her illumination spell again. She found her hat on the floor nearby, put it on and set the white sphere on its brim. Then she turned to me.

“Come on, Reimus.” She crawled over to me, looking slightly better than I felt. “Fun time’s overs. Gotta follow those fairies.”

“I thought…” I shook my head, trying to gather words. “You said you could hold your booze.”

She smiled, tired. “Sure cans. Just my anti-drunkard spells. Cast it on you now, okays?”

That was most definitely not okay, but I couldn’t stop her. She held her finger to my forehead. My neck snapped back and a bright flash filled my eyes. I closed them tight, trying to keep my head from exploding.

In ten seconds, my stomach started gurgling.





Everyone has thrown up before, so I’ll spare you the description. I’ll only say that Marisa’s spell worked very well. I was stone cold sober in minutes. Sadly, half the food I’d eaten that day ended up on the floor of Lady Scarlet’s cellar.

Loosing the nutrition left me weak and trembling. I couldn’t have eaten more if I wanted to, but I was thirsty. Marisa and I both drank some water from our packs, and that made us feel a better. Not much, but enough.

“Let’s go,” she said, once we were both able to stand. “Time to gets out of underground palaces of nasty smells.”

I couldn’t have agreed more, but I didn’t know where we were going.

“Why did you let that fairy go?” I said. “We could have made her lead us to her master.”

“She dids.” Marisa walked past the wine rack and stood under the hole the fairies had escaped through. I hadn’t seen it before, but now Marisa’s hatlight showed a metal ladder. It started at the floor and led up through the ceiling hole.

“Was that there the whole time?” I said. “I can’t believe I didn’t notice it.”

“Wouldn’t have mattereds. There’s a hatches, closed until the fairies came down for us. Too panicky to close its behind thems.”

“So we go up.”

Marisa nodded.





The ladder led into a cramped vertical shaft just big enough for a person to squeeze through. It went straight up further than Marisa’s hatlight showed. She went up first, as always. This meant I would get a great view of her bloomers for the entire climb. The shaft was too dark for me to see much of anything, but I kept my eyes on the ladder.

Marisa’s dress brushed the walls as she climbed, dropping grains of dirt on me. The feel of it was irritating, but I was already in need of a bath. Getting some dust in my hair was no worse that having my best traveling clothes saturated with wine. And certainly didn’t smell as bad.

The ladder rungs under my bare hands were icy cold. After a while of climbing, my fingers went numb and my palms tingled. I was achy and exhausted. After throwing up, my body wanted nothing better than to sleep. Having to lift my own weight up this endless ladder was physical torture. Marisa must have felt the same way, but she didn’t complain. So I kept climbing.

“Killing the lights,” Marisa whispered down to me. “Something’s up aheads.”

She let her hatlight go out, but it didn’t leave us in total darkness. There was another light from above, warm and orange. Like the light from a fireplace.

“They’ll expect us,” I whispered back. The fairies had come up ahead of us, and would have alerted their master to our coming.

“Yups. Better go say hellos.”

The light above was getting stronger. We could soon see the top of the shaft. It ended in a hatch that opened into the floor of another room. Marisa climbed out first, then took my hand and helped pull me up. The hatch closed under its own weight once I was out. We looked around this new place.

“Tolds you there’s be a libraries.” said Marisa.

So she had. The hatch had opened in the hardwood floor between two massive bookshelves. The shelves stood at least three times my height, and were stuffed with books, books and more books. Among the titles were heavy volumes like the Encyclopedia of Animal Life in Gensokyo. A Listing and Botanical Study of Gensokyo-Native Flora. Geological and Mineral Phenomena of the Gensokyo Valley and Mountains. A Historical Account of the Gensokyo Boundary.

My eyes watered, just thinking of the subject matter these books covered. This seemed to be the reference section, specifically local natural sciences. I glanced at Marisa, who was thumbing through one of the books. Accounts of the Naturally Occurring Magical Energies in Gensokyo, Potential Uses and Conjecture of Their Origin and Purpose.

I stepped beside her and looked over her shoulder, reading a bit of the page she was on.


  Being that the country we label Gensokyo and its environs, as discussed in prior chapters, appears to be “separated”
  from the surrounding lands by the Boundary (see Chapter XVI, p32), and that it has been assumed with reasonable evidence 
  that the lands outside the Boundary are not naturally saturated with powers of similar nature or account (see Chapter
  XVII, p17), certain theories arise regarding the relationship between said Boundary and the magical energies within the
  country it surrounds. The two major theories we will cover in the below text are, first, that the Boundary exists as a
  simple large-scale, broad-scope manifestation of the already existing magical energies, and what possible stimuli or
  happenstance may have caused such energies to form the Boundary and, second, that the Boundary is a entity unto itself 
  not dependant upon the ambient magical energies and may, in fact, be the very source of magical energies, and certain
  explanations regarding the Boundary’s origins if not generated by those energies.


“Oh my gosh,” I said, rubbing my eyes. “Do you actually understand any of this?”

“Nopes,” said Marisa. “But still wouldn’t mind having this books in my own little libraries. Wonder if the master of the houses would let me borrow its.”

A new voice answered her. It sounded far away, as if on the other side of the library, however big this place was. It was a woman’s voice, but not at all girlish. Strong, deep and confident.

“Your inconsiderate rudeness astonishes me,” said the new voice. “Immediately after breaking and entering, vandalizing our food storage area and drinking some of our priceless spirits, you have the sheer audacity ask if you can borrow a book. I have no doubt any prearranged lending period would be stretched far beyond that which the original book’s owner had intended. The borrower would likely hope that if she had it in her keeping for long enough, both she and the original owner would forget whom the book belonged to initially. It would then become the borrower’s book, as it is no longer known to be borrowed. Possession is nine tenths of the law, correct?”

As she spoke, Marisa and I headed towards her voice. We walked into an isle and past uncounted rows of bookshelves. I have never seen so many books as were in this library. I never knew this many books existed, or could exist. We passed a few fairy maids as we went. They were dusting the books, straightening them, arranging them. Those that noticed us gave us sad looks, as if we were convicts going to our death penalty.

“But I do not forget,” said the voice, louder as we closed in on it. “Especially not when it comes to my books. I am youkai. I am an exceptionally old and powerful youkai. I am the librarian of the Scarlet Mansion, and chief advisor to Lady Scarlet herself.”

We came to the library’s heart. The wooden floor gave way to polished marble. Here the floor was like a mirror, and I could see my and Marisa’s reflections in it. It was disorienting, seeing copy of myself looking up at me. Standing on the soles of my twin’s feet. I looked ragged and dirty.

Carved into the marble was a huge symbol of two inverted triangles on each other, making a six-pointed star. I remembered seeing this symbol somewhere, maybe reading about it years ago. It was called the Solemn Star, and represented the strength of balanced powers. At the center of the star stood the youkai woman who had called herself old and powerful, though she looked like neither.

She was short and slim. Her eyes were royal purple and her hair the same shade, hanging down her back in two huge ponytails. Under one arm, she held a thick book that had no title on the cover. She wore puffy pajamas that covered all but her hands and face. Upon her head was a nightcap with a crescent moon-shaped brooch pinned on front. Her outfit looked silly, but I couldn’t blame her for dressing warmly. This library wasn’t much warmer than the cellar. We might have still been underground. We could only see because of lamps hanging from the ceiling, burning with red-orange magic sparks.

“I am Patchouli Knowledge,” said the youkai woman before us.

Marisa curtsied. “Marisa Kirisame’s at your service heres. And this wino bum is Reimu Hakureis. Nice to meetchas, Patchey.”

“Patchouli. Lady Scarlet’s advisor will not be referred to with diminutives, thank you.”

“If you’re her advisor, maybe you can advise her to stop killing my homeland,” I said.

“My advice to you is not to pry in matters that do not concern you,” said Patchouli.

“It concerns everyone in Gensokyo.” I held up my gohei. “I’m here to stop Scarlet, whatever she’s doing. You can either point me to her, or stand aside so I can find her myself.”

“I will do neither.” Patchouli opened her book, flipped through the pages. “Let me see. How to deal with intruders. Ah. Here we are.” She looked up. “I will have you both bound and taken before Lady Scarlet. She will decide how you are to be dealt with. If you are lucky, I will be the one to carry out your sentence. I have no particular liking for pain or carnage, so I will make your ends brief. But if you are unlucky, Lady Scarlet will have her chief maid deal will you instead. Unlike me, she is quite the sadist.”

Marisa had a spellcard between her fingers. “Best not uses threaty words, Patchey dears. We beat up China-girl door guards. Can do same heres.”

Patchouli laughed without opening her mouth. Hmm-hm-hm-hm!

“China-girl, you say? Hong was no threat. If the level of threat presented in combat could be calculated mathematically, Hong would appear in the negative integers.”

“Whereas your bullcrap needs exponents to express mathematically.” I whipped out my own spellcard, eager to use it. “I’m done talking. Stand aside or get killed.”

Patchouli produced her own spellcard from the pages of her book. It was made from nicer paper than Marisa’s cards, but looked the same otherwise. It was covered in the old language’s characters. I couldn’t read it from ten paces away.

“Let it be a magic duel, then.” She slammed the book closed. “If you win, I will tell you how to find Lady Scarlet. If I win, you will go before her as prisoners. Agreed?” She held up her card. “Metal sign!”

“Love sign!” said Marisa.

“Spirit sign!” I said.

All three spellcards gathered energy to their owners. The air thrummed with power. Light rippled around us like the heat rising over a fire. Patchouli smiled.

“This will be interesting,” she said. “Metal Fatigue!”

“Master Spark!”

“Fantasy Orb!”





Patchouli’s spell launched first, a split second before ours. A thick whirlwind of golden metallic coins, each bigger than my head, appeared in a protective cylinder around her. The metal-based spell didn’t grow up out of the floor or come down from the heavens. It was simply there, where it hadn’t been a moment before. It surrounded Patchouli, hiding her from sight, not a moment too soon. Marisa’s spell hit, and mine a second after.

The Master Spark laser slammed into the golden shield, doing visible damage. Each coin touched by the beam fell away from the spell, crumpled up and evaporated. The coins were constantly whirling around Patchouli, moving fresh constructs into place as the old ones failed. My Fantasy Orb attack did similar damage, each colored sphere destroying a handful of the coins. But Patchouli managed her spell well. She was unharmed by the time our spells died out.

Marisa and I stood, watching her let the few remaining coins of her spellcard fade away. She smiled at us. Her fist spellcard had no offensive value. She only wanted to beat our spells, not us. Just to let us know how much better she was.

Marisa and I were breathing hard. Patchouli wasn’t.

“I will be honest,” she said. “That was more than I had expected from either of you. But, as I have hopefully made obvious, you are both sorely out of your league here. I urge you to forfeit the match before you get hurt.”

“Not out of spellcards yet,” said Marisa, pulling out another. “Love sign!”

“Nor am I,” said Patchouli, taking another from her book. “Earth sign!”

Well. Unlike some people, I was completely out of spellcards. Did that mean I had to stand here and watch those two kill each other?

“Rage Triathlon!”

“Master Spark!”

A wall of earth appeared before Patchouli, sending a spray of dirt and gravel around the marble floor. The earthen barrier was taller than her, which wasn’t saying much. But it was enough to guard her from another Master Spark. Again, she was being defensive. She knew Marisa couldn’t have an unlimited number of spellcards. She could keep casting protective spells until her enemy ran out. She would win by attrition.

And that really made me angry.

Marisa’s spell was dying out again. It eroded the earth shield, but didn’t penetrate it. Instead of waiting for them to go another round, I gripped my gohei and ran forward. I jumped the dirt wall and came down in front of Patchouli. I towered over her.

“What are you—OW!” she said. I swung my gohei at her head. She raised her arm in reflex, so I hit that instead.

The youkai witch was not used to physical combat. She melted under the hit. She dropped her book and fell to the floor, holding her battered arm. I brought my gohei down on her, again aiming for the head. She rolled away from me, holding her head in reflexive defense. I hit her other arm this time. She yelled in pain.

“Stop it! Stop it!” She crawled away from me, dragging her book along. “No physical attacks in a mage’s duel! You are breaking the rules!”

“Not as much as I’ll break you,” I said. I went after her, ready to pummel her some more. It felt good to hurt someone. Patchouli pulled another spellcard from her book and cast it. I dashed at her, trying to land another blow before her spell launched. I wasn’t fast enough.

“Wind sign! Slypheed Breath!”

This spell didn’t have the same control as her last two. She was hurt and panicked, casting in a hurry. But it was enough to get attackers away from her, as it did me. A huge gust of air from nowhere slammed into me. I tumbled back, loosing my gohei. I slid back on the marble floor and slammed into a bookcase. Marisa was holding her hat against the wind spell, even though it had been directed at me.

“How dare you!” Patchouli stood, holding her book. “You broke the code of the mage’s duel. Never mind taking you before Lady Scarlet. I will eliminate you myself.”

I didn’t doubt that she could. The spells she’d shown so far weren’t the extent of her power. She was an elementalist, which meant she had at least three elements she hadn’t yet used. She had best not to use any fire-based spells, though. Not in a library. Her precious books—

I looked up at the shelf I lay against.

Her books.

“Marisa!” I said, pointing to the bookshelf nearest her. “Shoot that!”

She looked at me. “Shoot whats? The books?”

A look of horror came over Patchouli’s face. Then it twisted into bitter, ugly rage. She pulled another spellcard out. She ran at me.

“Yes!” I yelled at Marisa. “For heaven’s sake, shoot it!”

Two spellcards were pulled out. Two incantations were yelled.

“Love sign!”

“Water sign!”





So here we were. Marisa held a charging Master Spark towards a shelf full of books, ready to fire. Patchouli held a water-based attack towards me, a long spear of glowing ice extending from the card in her hand. If she let the spell go, the crystal spike would nail my head to the shelf behind me. Not wanting my brains spattered all over her books was the only thing keeping Patchouli from killing me. She wasn’t that desperate.

Yet.

“Do not launch that spell,” she said to Marisa, keeping the ice spell aimed at me. “I will kill her.”

“Don’t really wants to hurt your books,” said Marisa. “Books lover toos, you sees. But wants my lives more than so much dusty old papers.”

“Your life?” said Patchouli. “You mean the life of your friend.”

Marisa shrugged her free shoulder. “Eh. Reimu’s good for camp songs, but kinda useless on important trips. Not a mages like us. Saw how badlies she used that spellcard I gave hers? Pretty sloppies.”

Patchouli said nothing.

“On other hands, Patchey is an uber­-strong mages,” said Marisa. “Explode Reimu’s head with that icey spells, and won’t take any longers to shoot one at mees. Except, might have just enough times to blow away half your libraries with good old Master Sparks. Lot’s of precious books here, rights? Irreplaceable books.”

“We have a classic dual hostage situation,” said Patchouli. “I hold your lives, and you hold my material possessions.”

“Yups,” said Marisa. “Gotta admit, Patchey’s smarter than mees, but pretty sures this ends one of two ways. Either I dies and take your books with mees, or nots.”

“You are correct,” said Patchouli. “We both loose, or we both win.”

Marisa grinned. “No brainers, rights?”

“I wish it were so,” said Patchouli. “If I could send you both out of here without any harm to my library, I would gladly do it. But that would be a failure in my duty to Lady Scarlet.”

“Not reallies. Why does Scarlets keep Patchey arounds?”

“I already told you. I am her librarian and advisor—”

“No, no, noes.” Marisa waved her off. “Not the titles. The words mean nothings. What makes you usefuls? What value do you haves?”

Again, Patchouli was quiet.

“You’re smarts,” said Marisa. “A thinkers, not a fighters. So when two bad guys came stomping into the libraries, you did all you could doos. Challenged them to a magic duel. But big, ugly, stupid Reimu broke rules and beat puddings out of yous.”

“It seems you are not that fond of your companion here,” said Patchouli.

“Taking cares of her is duties, not pleasures. But those two are sames for some lucky mages, like Patchey heres. Her duty and pleasures is taking care of her libraries. And if she lets two bad guys go, to protect her books, she’s not to blames. She was doing her jobs.”

“I am afraid the mistress might not see things that way.”

“You’re her advisors,” said Marisa. “Show hers what she needs to sees.”

Silence. Patchouli stood, keeping her ice spell aimed at me. She glanced at me, then back at Marisa. Everything was still.

A minute passed.

Patchouli sighed.

“Lower your spellcard,” she said. “And I will lower mine.”

Marisa hesitated. She didn’t want give up her hostage first, but she didn’t have a choice. She couldn’t beat Patchouli with brute force. The negotiating was done. She could only hope she had played Patchouli well.

Marisa let the gathered energy at her hand gradually dissipate. The spellcard had long since burned off, and not fully activating the spell meant it was wasted. She turned to face Patchouli.

“Your turns,” she said.

The crystal spear at Patchouli’s hand ran through with cracks, like suddenly heated ice. The spear creaked under its own mass, shattered into thousands of pieces. Ice fragments scattered all over the marble floor and quickly evaporated.

I stood and walked over to Marisa. She picked up my gohei and handed it to me.

“The library’s main entrance is that way,” said Patchouli, pointing off through the bookshelves. “I make no guarantees of your safety once you leave.”

“Will you tell us how to find Scarlet?” I said.

“Yes,” said Patchouli. “Go down the hall, and take the fourth door on the right. That is the main stairwell. Go up to the top floor, out into the hall, and take the first set of double doors on the left. There you will find the observatory. Lady Scarlet was there stargazing, last I heard.”

“Thank you,” I said.

“No. I will not take your thanks. I tell you where she is only because I know you pose no threat to her. Look for the mistress, and her chief maid will find you first. In that, I am not helping you, but sending you to your deaths.” 



Death or not, we followed Patchouli’s directions. We had no reason to trust her, but no other guidance. We had to either go where she told us or wander around the mansion aimlessly.

Reddish brown carpet covered the floors. The walls were tall, hung with the occasional landscape picture, lined with marble pillars every dozen yards. Suspended from the ceiling were spark lamps, like the ones lighting the library. The ambience said that Scarlet was powerful and important.

Marisa was running for some reason, dragging me past all of it. We made it to the stairwell and started to climb.

“Marisa!” I said, trying to slow her. “All those mean things you said about me. You were just trying to trick Patchouli, right?”

She looked back at me. “Nopes. You really are fat and dumb and stupids.”

“I’m what?” I said, feeling hurt.

Marisa laughed. She turned and battered me with a full bodied hug, her arms clamping tight around my neck. Her weight nearly knocked me backwards down the stairs.

“So adorable, Reimus!” she said. “So insecures, like a kittens needs her momma’s loves. Come ons. Gotta meet Lady Scarlets.”

She kept pulling me up the stairs. We made it to the top floor and ran into the hallway. As we went, I noticed fairy maids coming out from behind doors and around corners. They followed us, but from a safe distance. They muttered to themselves as we passed.

“Oooh. They’re going to meet the dog.”

“She’ll chew them up and spit them out.”

“This should be a good show.”

“Finally we can see her beat up someone else for a change.”

I tried to ignore them all. I failed.





We came to the double doors. They were big and ornate, suggesting a big room on the other side. What looked like moonlight seeped out from under them, casing a white shade over the hallway carpet. Marisa and I looked at each other.

“Readies?” she said.

“No,” I said. “But let’s do it anyway.”

She nodded. I took hold of the left doorknob, she the right.

“On threes,” she said. “Ones.”

“Two.”

“Three!”

We pulled the doors open, creamy moonlight flooding over us. I felt a small breeze by my ear, heard a thunk sound behind me. I looked back and saw a knife stabbed into the wall, its rounded bottom still wiggling back and forth from the momentum of being thrown.

I froze. The knife was etched with the letters S I.





The observatory was a huge, circular room with a glass dome for a ceiling. Either the mansion was sitting below a hole in the sky mist, or some magic allowed the observatory to pierce it. The full moon shone with unreal brilliance, taking up a third of the sky. I could see its surface in up-close detail, craters and valleys and plains painted into its white surface. It lit the room like the daytime sun. No stars could be seen hanging in the sky, only solid night blackness as a backdrop to the moon.

The walls were papered with illustrations of stars, chartings of constellations, mappings of the rotation of the planets, astronomical mathematics and equations. Scattered around the room were bits of furniture, lounge chairs, velvet-cushioned couches, tables stacked with papers and books. It looked like a place to relax and gaze at the sky, as well as a place to study it.

But every feature of the room paled to the one person standing in it. Here was the assassin. Lady Scarlet’s dog. The mansion’s chief maid.

I had to stare at her before I could believe what I was seeing. Here stood a girl, barely older than me. She was tall and beautiful, but not inhumanly so. This was no youkai. She wore a maid’s outfit, complete with apron and skirt, showing off her legs and high heeled shoes. Her hair was silvery white, or made so by the moonlight, hanging in two small braids on either side of her face. Her arms were folded, holding a throwing knife in each hand. Her shadow stretched out from her feet, like a monster familiar ready to reach out and strangle her enemies.

Worst of all, her eyes. Cold blue. Killer’s eyes.

“It’s you,” said Marisa.

The girl bowed her head to us, keeping her knives ready.

“Welcome to the observatory of the Scarlet Mansion,” she said. “I’m the chief maid and Lady Scarlet’s personal attendant. My name is Sakuya Izayoi. I’ll be your executioner this evening.”

I wasn’t going to let this faze me. So far, Scarlet’s servants had been more talk than action. Meiling had muscles, but not enough to make up for her lack of brains. Patchouli had magic, but worried about saving face more than protecting her mistress. As for Izayoi here, she had style. She was pulling off a great murderess-of-the-moon image, making serial killer and devil’s servant seem like sexy career choices. And sure, she could throw knives around.

But was that enough? Maybe, maybe not. My adventures up to now had taught me one thing. To fear is worse than death. I would rather die with pride than live a coward.

So I stepped into the observatory, my gohei in hand. Marisa came in behind me.

“I’m Reimu Hakurei,” I said. “I’m here—”

“I know why you’re here,” said Sakuya. “Not that it matters. This is for Meiling.”

Suddenly, something was very wrong. I couldn’t tell what. My body bucked against itself, like it was trying to evict my internal organs. My breath caught in my throat. My knees weakened.

Marisa turned to face me, as if to ask what was wrong with me. She looked down at my legs, and her face covered with horror. She slapped a hand over her mouth, covering a scream.

“Wha…?” I said. I looked down at myself.

One of Sakuya’s knives was embedded in my left thigh. It pinned my dress to my leg. A bloody red stain was spreading in cloth around it. I took a second to realize that a blade was sticking out of me. Then the pain hit.

A wailing, agonized cry came from inside me. It was as much surprise as pain. I couldn’t believe such a noise came from my own throat. I panicked at the thought of a cold, foreign metal object penetrating my flesh. I reached down and grabbed the knife by its rounded base, meaning to pull it out. But just touching it ignited hurt worse I knew human beings could experience. I screamed again, falling onto my backside.

“Reimu!” Marisa yelled, kneeling down beside me and holding me by the shoulders. Her hat flew back off her head, as if blown by a gust of wind. Yellow strands of her hair lifted up before settling back down, stirred by the sudden absence of her hat. It flew straight back and stuck against the wall, pinned there. Marisa only noticed when she heard the thud of another thrown knife hitting something. She put her hand on her head, feeling her hat was no longer there.

Sakuya was walking towards us, her high heels sinking into the carpet gently.

“Surrender,” she said. “Now.”

Marisa got on her knees, putting both hands on her apron and bowing her head.

“We surrenders!” she said.

“Good.” Sakuya stood over us, her arms still folded. I never saw her hands move when throwing. Never saw the blades spin through the air. Maybe she was youkai after all. No human could move that fast. Worse, she was still holding two knives. The same as when we had walked in. Not less the two she’d thrown. There weren’t many places she could be hiding replacements in that maid’s dress.

All of this was afterthought to the raging apocalypse happening in my leg. I could feel each beat of my heart pumping more of my life’s blood out the wound. I was crying and breathing hard, in shock from being stabbed. My whole body was shaking. Marisa leaned against me, trying to absorb my tremors.

“Let’s get that leg tied up,” said Sakuya. “You’re ruining the carpet.”

She bent over, as if to examine the knife in my leg. Marisa held a hand up from her apron, bringing her last spellcard up with it.

“Love sign!” She yelled. “Master—”

With that last word, her throat moved against a blade in Sakuya’s hand. The maid was behind her, pointing another knife into her back. But the sharp points poking into her skin didn’t surprise her as much as Sakuya herself did. One instant, she was in front of Marisa. The next, she was behind and had her in a hostage hold. There was no movement between the two.

“Don’t try it, mage!” she yelled. The spellcard was then two pieces of paper, the bottom half floating down settling on Marisa’s apron. They crumpled into ashen powder from what little energy she had gathered for the spell.

Marisa looked at her hand, stunned. Where the spellcard had been one second ago, now a thin groove filling with blood was across her palm. She stared at the cut with the disbelief of a person who sees her wounds but feels no pain. Sakuya’s knives were so fast and sharp that human skin simply parted to them.

“Do you get it?” said Sakuya. She stood, leaving a small bloody spot on Marisa’s neck. “Your lives are mine. Soon they will belong to the mistress.” She turned to the door and yelled, “Fairies! Get in here!”

“You didn’t…” I said. It was hard to push the words out. “You didn’t mean to kill us.”

“You’re right,” said Sakuya, stowing the throwing knives in her skirt. “I lied. I’m not your executioner. Not yet. Not before the mistress decides what to do with you.”

She lifted her skirt up, showing a perfectly shaped thigh and hip. But her body interested me less than the weapon strapped to her leg. Another small knife, but unlike the ones she had been throwing. This one was in a sheath and had an actual handle. She pulled it out, showing a blade of black metal, and touched its tip to Marisa’s neck. I saw her move this time, but she was still so fast that Marisa couldn’t raise an arm in defense.

“If the mistress wanted you dead, you’d both be that way,” said Sakuya.

Marisa looked like she wanted to say something, but her mouth lolled open. Her eyes fluttered closed. She fell onto her back, unconscious.

“Poison,” I breathed.

“Of a sort,” said Sakuya. She pricked my neck with the knife. I couldn’t have stopped her. I jumped at the quick needle of pain, but then felt nothing at all. Even the wound in my leg was a hundred miles away. I slid onto my back, but couldn’t feel the floor under me. My eyes were going out. Even staring straight up into the painfully bright moon, my head filled with darkness.

“Goodnight,” said Sakuya.

I couldn’t understand her, and I didn’t matter. Fairies were gathering around me. I didn’t find out what for. The world was gone from me. Everything was peaceful and black.





I slept for a time, but not long. Soon my body pulled me back to the waking world. I wasn’t happy with this. The real world was a bad place. Full of my pain and mistakes and stupidity. But I was too weak to stay away from myself. Slowly, I woke.

I lay on something cold and hard. More stone flooring. The air coming into my lungs was bitter and dusty. I tried raising a hand to rub the life back into my eyes, but wrist caught on something. I heard a loud jangle of metal.

I opened my eyes, but didn’t see much. Wherever room this was, there was little light. Only some weak moonlight coming in through a barred window. My eyes had already adjusted to the dark. I looked down at myself, seeing metal shackles on my wrists and ankles. They were bound to metal rings the floor by heavy chains, clinking every time I moved. My dress was soaked through with dried blood, but the knife was no longer in my leg. It still ached with each beat of my heart, but no new blood was coming out. The skin around the wound was tight. My leg had been bandaged.

“You awake, Reimus?”

I looked towards the voice. Marisa was on the other side of the room, bound to the floor like I was. She was sitting against the wall, her legs halfway crossed under her dress. She had lost the bow on her braid at some point, and her hair hung around her face and over her breasts. She looked sad, miserable.

“Yeah,” I said. I tried to sit up myself, but the pain in my leg flared. I decided to stay lying down. “Are you okay?”

“Better than you ares,” she said. “Looks like I gots some crow-eatings. You were rights. Never should’ve come out heres.”

“No,” I said. “Even if it didn’t end well, coming out here was the right thing to do.”

“How comes?”

I looked at her. Little Miss Sure-of-Herself was questioning her own ideals. But I couldn’t blame her. Here we were, broken, defeated and captured. Waiting for some faceless scarlet woman to pass judgment on us. Anyone would be scared.

“You said it yourself,” I said. “It’s better to die trying to fix the problem than die when it overcomes you.”

“Guess sos,” she said, looking down at the floor. “But doesn’t feel like its. Feels like I screwed ups. Put us in dangers for no reasons.”

“Don’t feel that way.” I said. “I’ve been much worse on this trip than you. Remember, after we got away from Patchouli. I stopped you and asked if meant the things you said. You know why I did that? Because you were right.”

“You’re not fat or uglies—”

“That’s not what I mean. The part about me being baggage. That was true.”

Marisa was shaking her head. “No, no. Reimus, don’t—”

“Listen to me, Marisa. I need to say this.” I took a deep breath. “Miko believe there are three basic sins a person can commit. Pride. Anger. Fear. All the bad things people do come from those, or some combination of them. But the king of all sins is fear. Even the other two come from that. Pride is the fear of not being better than other people. Anger is fear turned inside out, wanting to hurt others rather than be hurt.”

“So? Scaredy cats go to hells? Not very a fair religions.”

“Being scared doesn’t mean you’re morally bad,” I said. “It means you’re unhappy. People who are frightened or proud or angry can’t be happy, because they’re too busy trying to survive those negative emotions. People suppress those sins sometimes, and they mistake that temporary relief for happiness. But it’s not. Happiness only comes from living in the opposite of the three sins.”

“Then prides should be humbleness,” she said. “And angers, kindess. And fear…?”

“Love,” I said.





We were quiet for a moment. The sky mist outside tainted what little moonlight made it in the room, casting dark shapes on the stone floor. They melded and changed, clouds morphing at high speed. I tried not to look at it, kept my eyes on Marisa instead.

“Loves,” she said.

“Yeah,” I said. “That’s where my problem comes in. I’m guilty of all three sins so many times over. Those evil shapes in the sky scared me. The dark youkai Rumia took advantage of that, and nearly had me for dinner. I got sick of being scared, so I went to the other extreme and got angry. I took it out on Meiling and Patchouli.” My eyes were welling up, leaking warm tears down my face. My voice was getting thick. “I’m a miko, Marisa. I’m not supposed to hurt people. I don’t stab girls in the leg. I don’t beat them with my gohei. I let my anger own me. I used it to knock my enemies down. And when it worked, I thought that was enough to solve my problems. I let it make me proud, right up to meeting that girl Sakuya. But pride goes before a fall. And here we are, fallen.” I sniffed, squeezed my eyes shut. “It’s my fault.”

“No it’s not, Reimus!” Marisa’s voice was wet. She was crying too. “Mikos think it’s better to dies than defend herselves? All the stuff you dids, you had toos.”

“It’s not what I did,” I said, sniffing again. “It’s why. It’s the feelings inside that mattered. It’s okay to defend yourself, but it’s not okay to hate someone. That’s the difference between me and you. When you attacked Rumia, you did it to save me. Not because you hated her, but because….”

I choked.

“But because,” she said. “‘Cause I love you.”

The tears were running free now, making a puddle on the floor under my face. I hated embarrassing moments like this. But it was truth, and it needed to be said.

“I love you too, Marisa.” I said. “I owe you my life more than once. You’ve been my friend even when I didn’t deserve one. Thank you so much.”

She said nothing. Just smiled at me, the moonlight glinting in the tears on her cheeks. I wanted to hug her right then. I would have, if not for these stupid chains.

“Tell me something,” I said. “Why did you start drinking the wine in that cellar?”

“Don’t buy my brilliant plans?” she said. “You got mees. Just always wanted to drinks with you, Reimus. It’s what friends do, rights? Stay up all nights, get smashed so hards they can’t stand ups. Laugh at stupid things. Wakeup next mornings, wish they’re deads from hangovers.”

“You know,” I said. “I have some sake back at my shrine. It’s not bunyip berry, but it’ll get you plenty drunk. If we get out of this alive…”

Her smile widened. “That’s a date, girlfriends.”

And then, for no good reason, we both started laughing. There was nothing funny about our situation, but we laughed anyway. It felt good. Freeing.

Our laughter stopped dead when we heard a light knock knock sound.





“Hey,” a voice whispered into the cell. “Can you two hear me?”

Marisa and I looked at each other, worried. This was either our death knell or the sound of freedom. But our captors wouldn’t whisper through the door. They would barge in, knock us around some, maybe kill us on the spot. So I answered.

“Yes,” I said. “Who are you?”

“A friend,” the voice whispered back. A rectangular hole opened in the door, about three feet off the floor, letting light pour into the cell. A pair of bright, bloody red eyes peered through the peephole. They looked at me first, then Marisa, then settled back on me.

“I have the keys,” the owner of the red eyes said. “Keep quiet, okay?”

No argument came from us. I heard the door’s lock working, but slowly. Our savior was trying to minimize noise. I was surprised this person could even reach the lock. With eyes low enough to look through that peephole, it couldn’t have been anyone tall. That there even was a peephole that so low was more surprising. I didn’t think cell doors are designed with small captors in mind.

The lock clicked free and the slowly swung inwards. The cell lit as the door opened. The light came from a spark lamp, held by a small youkai girl.

“There we go,” she said.

Both Marisa and I stared at her. We had seen plenty of youkai on our trip here, but this one was stranger than most. She was even shorter than Patchouli, making her seem very young. She wore a pink, puffy dress and matching hat. Her hair was short and cyan blue, sharply contrasting the red of her eyes. A pair of wings came off her back, but not translucent fairy wings. These were dark and leathery.

“What?” she said, putting a fist on her hip. “You guys look like you never saw a bat youkai before.”

I was certain that indeed, neither Marisa nor I had seen a bat youkai. Especially not one who looked like a pretty schoolgirl otherwise.

“Sorry,” I said. “We’re both hurt and tired. Are you here to free us?”

“Oh yeah!” said the youkai, as if remembering something important. “Look what I got.”

In the hand that wasn’t holding the lamp, she held up a metal ring with two keys.

“I found this in the observatory,” she said. “Seems that maid Sakuya dropped it when she was yelling at some fairies to drag you guys down here. So I did some sneaking around, and ta-da!” She came over, and knelt down beside me. She used one of the keys to unlock the shackles on my wrists and ankles. One at a time, they popped free.

I stood up, very slowly. My leg hurt like a screaming demon, but I had to bear it.

“Thank you,” I said. “But who are you? Why are you helping us?”

“Call me Remi,” said the youkai girl. “We’ll talk on the way out. Gotta hurry.” She went over to Marisa, tried to undo her shackles. She put the key in and jiggled it, but it wouldn’t turn. She tried the door key, but it didn’t work either. She tried the first key again, twisting it as hard as she could. It even bent slightly, or seemed to. But I must have been seeing things. A little girl, even a youkai, wouldn’t be that strong.

“Darn it,” she said. “I didn’t think they’d be keyed different. Must be one of Sakuya’s other key rings.”

“Then lock me back up,” I said. “I’m not leaving without Marisa.”

“Stupid miko-girls!” Marisa spat up at me. “If one can get outs, then get outs! Halfway better than both being heres!”

“No!” I said. “If you were free, would you leave me behind?”

“Bet your miko butts! Just close the doors and I’ll be quiets. No one’ll notice you’re gones. Then you come backs and save mees.”

She was doing that whole being right thing again. One of us free was better than both of us locked up. I had a chance to come back and free Marisa, a small one. But that chance would be zero if I didn’t take what I could get.

I knelt down and hugged Marisa, holding her head against my chest.

“I’ll come back for you,” I said. “If I have to raise an army to come raid this place, I’ll do it. I promise.”

“We don’t have time for this!” said Remi. “Sakuya or her maids might come by any minute.”

“Good enough, Reimus,” said Marisa. “Now get out of heres!”

I nodded. I stood again, biting back another scream at the pain in my thigh, and hobbled after Remi. She led me into the hallway, closed and locked the cell door behind us. She slid the peephole shut, putting Marisa back into darkness. I knew it was necessary, but I hated it.

Remi had brought my gohei, leaned it up against the wall before coming into the cell. She handed it to me.

“There you go,” she said. “Now you look like a miko. A dirty one, but oh well.” She turned and headed down the hall, beckoning me to follow. “Come on!”





Like most of the youkai I had seen, Remi could move faster than me. Even though her legs were half as long, she could outrun me on my best day. Having a wounded leg didn’t make things better. I had to limp along, using my gohei as a cane.

“Not so fast!” I whisper-yelled up to her. “Where are we going?”

She looked back at me, slowing down so I could catch up. Her wings flapped gently as she walked. She was leading me down a stone hallway through the Scarlet Mansion’s dungeon. We had passed several more cells, all empty, their doors hanging open.

“We’re going upstairs,” said Remi. “The observatory has a secret exit that leads outside the manor grounds. I figure while we’re up there, we can check to see if Sakuya dropped any other keys. I’m not hopeful, but maybe.”

I nodded, dreading the word stairs. Walking on even floor was painful enough.

“So answer me now,” I said. “Why are you helping me?”

“Not all of Lady Scarlet’s servants particularly like her,” she said. “Especially since that yucky gunk in the sky showed up. Some of us have even run away. I was thinking about leaving too, but today I heard about you and your friend. And I thought, what better way to give Scarlet a bloody nose than to free her prisoners?”

“So you’re only helping me to hurt your mistress?”

“Well, not only that. It’s good being nice to people, right?”

I smiled. “Yes, it is. No matter why you’re doing it, I’m grateful. I’ve seen a lot of youkai in my life, but none like you. Some of them are mean, and most of them are just dumb. But even the smarts ones never went out of their way to help me.”

She smiled up at me. “Not all of us are devils, you know.”





We made it to the main stairwell, and our progress slowed to a standstill. I had to take one agonizing step at a time. The pain in my leg flared each time I lifted it. By the time we got to the first landing, I was panting and sweating. I leaned against the wall, catching my breath. Remi didn’t have the patience.

“This won’t work,” she said. “It’ll be morning before we get to the fourth floor. I’ll carry you.”

“You’ll do what?” I said. “I’m twice your size.”

“And half as strong. Sit down.”

I didn’t know what good it would do, but I obeyed. I didn’t have the strength to keep standing anyway. Remi handed me the lamp. I held it in one hand and my gohei in the other. She came around behind me and knelt down. She reached her arms around my sides and gently hooked her hands under my knees. I inhaled sharply, but the pain was bearable.

“Gonna lift now,” she said. “Alley-oop.”

She stood, and lifted me along with her. I was off the floor, in her arms. But now my shoulders were in her face. She couldn’t see where she was going.

“How’re we getting up stairs like this?” I said.

She said nothing. She turned and started walking up the stairs backwards, carrying me up like an oversized box.

“Careful,” I said, my head bobbing back and forth with each step up. “Don’t slip and hurt yourself.”

“If I slip,” said Remi, “you’ll be hurt much worse than me.”





Remi carried me all the way to the top floor. She kept an even pace the whole way, never running out of breath. You might think it fun to be carried up a staircase, like a child held by its mother. But for me, it just felt weird. I was glad to get on my own feet again, even if it hurt.

Remi took the lamp from me and led me into the hallway. I followed, checking around corners to make sure no fairies or other servants might see us. There was no one. Besides us and Remi’s lamp, the hallways were dark and empty.

“Here we are,” said Remi as we came up to the observatory’s double doors. She pulled the left one open. I expected white moonlight, like when Marisa and I had come here before. The moon still shone down through the glass dome, ridiculously huge and bright, but the moon was not white.

Just like a lunar eclipse, the moon was red.

“What the…” I said, following Remi into the observatory. “What is this? The moon was normal when I met Sakuya here. Well, not normal, but—”

Remi looked back at me and grinned. “How do you like it? The glass in the dome has been magically treated so it can bend light. It lets us see things far away, like the moon and other planets. Think of it as the world’s hugest magnifying glass.”

“But the moon,” I said. “It wasn’t red before.”

“That’s another fun feature. The magic in here can store images for later viewing.” She waved a hand towards the dome ceiling. “This was during a lunar eclipse, where the earth blocked the sun’s light from reaching the moon.”

“And how long ago was that?” I said.

“About sixty years.”

Remi snapped her fingers, and the moon changed. It was clear white again.

“And this is how the moon looked three hundred and forty-something years ago,” she said. “This is actually the first picture I took with these enchantments. I take it for granted today, but it was a major feat for me back then. Getting the spells just right wasn’t easy.”

I began to realize what I had walked into.

Remi looked back at me, smiling again. This time she showed her teeth. Her incisors were long and sharp.

“And this,” she said, snapping her fingers again. The glass dome went solid black, casting us into darkness except for Remi’s lamp. “This will be your existence once I suck you dry.”

She threw her lamp on the floor, shattering it. There was a flash of light, and then blackness. I felt a rush of air go by, heard the door slam shut and lock behind me.

“You,” I said, my voice trembling. “You’re Lady Scarlet.”

“And she figures it out!” she said, now somewhere to my left. “But please, call me Remilia.”

“I don’t care about your name!” I yelled into the darkness. “Tell me why you’re making that mist outside. Tell me why you want to kill all of Gensokyo. Tell me what you really are!”

“That last one is easiest,” she said, now behind me and to my right. “A very rare species of youkai. The most famous of my bloodline was Vlad Tepes. Or as you probably know him, Count Dracula.”


“You religious folk fascinate me,” said Remilia, still doing circles around me in the darkness. “You with your spirits and sins, angels and demons. You call that which you hate devil and that which you love god, totally regardless of whether God and Devil are truly as you label them. What if one person’s God is another’s Devil, and vice versa? That’s why holy wars are waged. My God is better than your God. Your Devil is worse than my Devil.”

I gripped my gohei with both hands, but knew it was useless. I trapped in the dark with a vampire. She was faster and stronger than me. I had a lame leg. I was so dead.

“This happened to you too, Reimu Hakurei of the Hakurei Shrine. You needed something to call Devil, and I was the most convenient thing. As you learned more about me, I became Scarlet Devil, since red is just such an evil color. After fighting my greatest servants, and being defeated by the strongest of them, you despaired. You counted yourself lost. But lo and behold! Here comes a wide-eyed little youkai child that you can trust. She offers to help you out of your plight, asking nothing in return. What a glorious salvation this seems to be, until she reveals herself to you. What horror! What bitter, painful disappointment! For your savior turned out to be the embodiment of Scarlet Devil!”

Like her servants, Remilia liked to talk. I had to use that, had to buy time. Maybe I could think of something. I wished Marisa were with me. She could have talked this vampire right into a corner. I wasn’t so clever myself.

“So that’s why you were nice to me,” I said. “If I trust you, even a little bit, then it gives you something to betray. Gives you a way to hurt me.”

“You understand,” she said, now inches from my right ear. I felt her hot breath on my neck. I screeched and turned around, swinging my gohei at her. But my staff only swished through empty air. She laughed, now somewhere behind me.

“Too slow!” she said, laughing again.

She could have bitten me just now. She could have sucked off a pint of my blood and been gone before I realized it. For that, my blood could have been hers any time since opening the cell door on Marisa and me. Especially when carrying me up the stairs. Her mouth had been right next to my neck. There had to be a reason, even now, she was holding off.

Keep talking, I thought. Had to keep her talking.

“You’re wrong about me,” I said. “I’m a miko. I don’t believe in dogmatic gods or devils.”

“Oh, sure you do,” said Remilia. “You may not call them that. You might instead say the world, the universe, people’s hearts, whatever. But it’s the concept that’s flawed, not just the words used to express them.”

This was the same as when I faced Rumia. My enemy wanted me afraid, wanted me to despair. It wasn’t just my blood she was after. My emotions flavored it somehow, made it sweeter. She was letting me ripen.

And if that thought weren’t horrible enough. To a vampire, maybe drinking blood wasn’t just a meal. Not even a very rich, extravagant meal. Maybe it was orgasmic. Taunting me from the darkness was Remilia’s version of foreplay. She would get more and more excited until she couldn’t hold back. Then she would take me.

For her, ecstasy. For me, death.

Keep talking! Think!

“My concept is that natural forces are the source of morality,” I said. “And if you want to call that my understanding of what other people call God, then that’s true. But you’re saying that’s wrong. No matter what we call Him, there is no God.”

“I didn’t say that at all. I said your idea of God was incorrect, not that He doesn’t exist.”

I almost found that funny. “Really? So vampires believe in God?”

“Don’t twist my words,” said Remilia. “Why do you believe in the sun, Reimu?”

“The sun? Because I see it rise every morning.”

“No. You don’t see the sun. You see the effect it has on your environment. You see the bright burst of light it emits over the eastern mountains at dawn. You see the end-spectrum colors over the western mountains at dusk. You see Gensokyo illuminated and warmed when the sun shines on it, and the same country dark and cold when the sun hides. These stimulus give you reason to believe the sun exists, so you believe.”

“Of course,” I said. “I know the world based off my senses. Saying that’s not good enough to believe is semantic.”

“I’m not saying your senses aren’t to be trusted,” said Remilia. “I’m pointing out your double use of the word believe. Acknowledging something’s existence is not the same as trusting in it.”

“You admit that there is a God,” I said. “But you have no faith in Him.”

“Close. I say that God is not worth having faith in. But does He exist? Certainly. He’s so busy making His existence painfully obvious in every particle of matter, every pulse of energy. All I can think is that He must be the most insecure personality in the universe. He’s so desperate to make Himself known. He begs and pleads and yells and screams, believe in Me, believe in Me! It’s so loud no one can ignore it.”

“That’s not true!” I said. “There’s millions of people who think there is no God. I’m one of them!”

Remilia laughed again. “Sure. Keep telling yourself that. It makes you feel nice and safe to think that you’re accountable to no one but yourself. Just try your best to conform to the rules of humility, kindness and love. And if you fail, no one is hurt but you. So what’s the harm if you sin now and again? It’s only your own happiness on the line, right? It’s your business and no one else’s.”

“My sins can hurt others as well as myself.”

“Sure they can. And they do. But why should you care? Only your own happiness matters to you. And if being kind to others is a requirement for your own happiness, then you’re nice only to make yourself feel good. The moral philosophy starts to sound very selfish, until you ask an important question. What is meant by the word sin? Define it, Reimu!”

“Simple,” I said. “A sinful act is one that knocks you out of harmony with nature, with other people, and yourself. Sins hurt your ability to be happy.”

“Very true. But when you think about it, the standards of sinful behavior and moral behavior are pretty arbitrary. You said that miko believe nature is the source of morality. But that doesn’t make any sense. If mother nature had her way, there wouldn’t be any humans around. No two-legged beasts to tear up her soil, rob its nutrients for their food. No hunters to kill her animals. No lumberjacks to chop her trees.”

“Nature does all that to itself and worse,” I said. “Earthquakes tear the ground apart. Animals eat each other. Lighting strikes burn down millions more trees than humans could ever chop. Besides, that wasn’t what I meant—”

“I know what you meant. You weren’t talking about ecological nature, but some kind of meaningless, esoteric spiritual nature. Not that it maters. Nature is indifferent to humanity’s moral problems. It couldn’t care less if people are nice to each other. If every human being on this planet suddenly winked out of existence tomorrow, the sun would keep shining, and the Earth would keep rotating on its axis. The galaxy would keep spinning. All the other galaxies in the universe would keep on their endless, silent flight to nowhere. But here, on this vastly important little blue-green world of ours, lives a race of people who think they have to be good. They think it makes a difference!”

“You seem to have all the answers,” I said. “So tell me. Does it matter or not?”

“Of course it matters. Humans think they have to live by a set of moral laws. They’re happy when they follow those laws, and miserable when they don’t. Those laws have to come from somewhere. It’s not from nature. And it’s ludicrous to think at every individual came up with the same moral framework on his own. It’s not much better to think that these rules were passed down from father to son, mother to daughter, keeping a generational adherence to the same morals that their ancestors followed, and thus stating that the father and mother of all humans were the origin of morality. People’s values change over time, and they change from one family to another, and from one culture to another.”

Remilia had stopped darting around me. Her voice was holding still now, a few feet in front of me. She was putting some feeling into her speech. I imagined she might be waving her hands around as she spoke, trying to emphasize her words, even though I couldn’t see her.

“But more interesting than moral differences are the similarities. No people on this planet ever thought that cowardice was a good thing. Murder and rape are not bragged about widely or for very long. But kindness, on the other hand, is smiled upon. And that crazy emotion called love is the most sought-after thing in humanity’s history. People write songs about it, die for it, build and destroy nations because of it. And so it’s always been! How can this be? How can every single person ever born feel like he needs to live by the same general set of morals? It’s ridiculous! The law of mathematical averages is being defied on an insane scale! There’s no explanation!”

“But there is,” I said. “It’s the point you’ve been building up to.”

“Yes!” said Remilia, now standing close to me. “It’s because of that emotionally desperate God of yours. He’s enforcing his rules of fair play on you. No other answer makes even the least bit of sense.”

“Maybe people are just good by design,” I said. “Maybe that’s how we got to be the dominant race of this planet. Survival of the fittest.”

She laughed again, but it wasn’t a sound of mirth. It was exasperation.

“Oh, you fool!” she said. “Good by design? You think morals are an evolutionary trait? Hardly! The only moral evolution encourages is kill or be killed. Steal your opponent’s food. Become the alpha male. If it were evolution alone that ruled this word, the youkai and animals would have killed you all long ago. Humanity became the top species by nothing short of Devine ordinance. Saying good by design means that something had to design you. The moral law you humans feel is far too strange to be dreamt up by anything other than a thinking mind. That mind, by definition, is God!”

“This is a sore spot for you,” I said. “Must be tough being a vampire who can’t deny God’s existence.”

I must have hit a nerve. Remilia jumped me. A sudden weight hit me in the chest, knocking me onto my back. I gasped, struggling for air. A pair of strong hands were holding my arms down, keeping me from grabbing my attacker. I could see, a few inches from my face, a pair of scarlet red eyes. They glowed gently in the dark.

“That isn’t the half of it!” said Remilia. Her knees were on my stomach. It was hard to breathe. “I haven’t gotten to the punchline yet. A fact that makes my mere existence a paradox. I’ve been talking about your God as if He were only that. Yours. But the word God means omnipotence and omniscience. The absolute of everything! Do you know what that means? Do you know what that means?”

She was yelling at me, little bits of vampire spit landing on my face. My skin when numb wherever her saliva touched me. Her hands were on my shoulders now, shaking me hard, hurting me.

“It means,” I said, fighting for breath, “He’s your God too.”





Remilia screamed.

I had never before heard a vampire scream, and I hope never to hear it again. Manic rage and pathetic sadness, piercing my ears, threatening to split my head open. Her grip on my shoulders was so tight that my arms felt ready to pop out.

“No!” she yelled. “No! No! He is not my God! I have no God! I am my own God!”

She looked down at me, her eyes burning like hot embers.

“I am the Scarlet Devil! You will be my messenger to the human God! Take to Him my declaration of war!”

Her eyes dipped down beside my ear. The moist warmth of her mouth was at the crook of my neck. The muscles tensed as she bit me, but there was no pain. Her salvia was a natural anesthetic.

Even though it didn’t hurt, I could feel the blood leaving me. She was drinking.





No! Don’t hurt me! Someone save me!

Or so a coward would have said.

But I was not afraid.





She’ll pay for this! I’ll kill her! I’ll give her a slow, hideous death!

Or so an enraged person would have said.

But I was not angry.





How dare she! Suck my blood! ME, Reimu Hakurei of the Hakurei Shrine!

Or so a prideful person would have said.

But I was not proud.





Only a couple of days ago, I knew youkai as nothing more than animals. Household pests. Reasons not to stay out after dark. But after leaving my shrine with Marisa, I met several of them with human intelligence. Not always mature, but human. I had started thinking of them as people.

So this vampire on top of me, sucking my life out of my neck, was a person too. She was powerful and sharply intelligent. But her smarts were as much burden as blessing. They had led her to some terrifying conclusions, certain ideas she couldn’t cope with.

I sympathized. It’s hard when you need answers, but the answers are the exact opposite of what you want to hear. I felt bad for her.

Remilia moaned. She lifted her mouth from my neck and made a hacking noise, as if she had been drinking the sweetest wine that suddenly turned to vinegar. She looked down at me, uncertain.

“What are you doing?” she said, wiping my blood from her lips. “You’re supposed to….”

This was my chance. She was stronger than me, but I still weighed more than she did. I bucked my body under her, tossing her off me. She fell aside, rolling onto the carpet. I could only see her by the glow of her eyes, but it was enough. I gripped my gohei in one hand, swung it towards her as hard as I could.

She held her hand up to block, and my gohei broke on it. She yelped, more in surprise than pain. The wooden staff exploded into two pieces, peppering wooden splinters onto her dress. The bottom half spun off somewhere into the room, but I kept the top half in my hand. The paper streamers danced in the red light of her eyes.

Then I remembered the way vampires died in those stories. My gohei was a religious symbol, a miko’s equivalent of a Christian cross.

“Don’t take this personally!” I said. I jumped onto Remilia, straddling her between my knees. She could have broken me in half from this position, but I didn’t give her the time. Using both hands and all my upper body strength, I jammed the broken end of my staff into her chest. The jagged wood pierced her dress and her skin. I felt it tear through the tough tissue between her ribs and stab through her heart. The wooden stake poked out her back.

Remilia’s back arched. She coughed hard, spitting up blood. Whether it was my blood or hers, or some mixture, I didn’t want to know. She convulsed for a few seconds, struggling to stay alive. Then her body went still. The light in her eyes went out. I was in pitch darkness again.

I got off Remilia, stood up and backed away. My knees and hands were shaking hard. I tried to catch my breath.

“Did I… Did I kill her?”

As if in answer, a sudden flash of light burned into my eyes. Remilia’s body was glowing like a hundred angry lamps, lighting the whole observatory red and white and every shade between.

Her eyes snapped open, burning like miniature bonfires. She sat up and looked down at the piece of wood stabbed through her torso. She grabbed it with one hand, yanked it, pulled it free with a splashing burst of blood. She tossed the stick aside.

She looked up at me. She bore her teeth, her face wet and red.

“You killed me.”





I was frozen. Even if I had my wits together, I couldn’t have gotten away. Remilia was on her feet. Then I was on my back, with her on top of me again. She wasn’t holding me down. She didn’t need to. I had no strength to resist. The light coming off her was enough to hold me still. And her eyes, her eyes....

Remilia wiped the blood from her face, drying her self on her sleeve. Then she brought her face down close to mine. Our noses were touching.

“I regret,” she said.

She kissed me.





I only felt her lips on mine for an instant. Her saliva numbed my mouth. My lips felt nothing and my tongue tasted nothing, and I was glad for it. I didn’t want to taste my own blood mixed with hers.

As quickly as it started, the kiss was over. She tired to pull back and sit up straight, but her body failed her. Her skin glow died out, and her eyes went back to ordinary red. She collapsed on me, her head resting on my chest.

I looked down at her for a moment, wondering what had just happened. Then I realized I was looking at her. I could see her, even though her magic glow had worn off. The observatory was no longer pitch black.

I looked up through the glass dome ceiling, and saw the sky. The full moon, no larger or redder than usual, was off in one part of the sky. A million stars twinkled. Just like they’re supposed to on any beautiful night in Gensokyo.

I smiled. My eyes welled with tears.

“I did it. I cleared the mist.”

And because the night sky was so lovely, I lay a long time staring at it. And there, with a possibly dead vampire using me as a mattress, my exhaustion overcame me.

I passed out.
I awoke from the sun shining on my face. I put my hand over my eyes, trying to keep the light out. I was lying on something soft and warm and comfortable, and I wanted to keep sleeping here.

Then I realized. The sun was shining. Not just some of its light, made murky by filtering through unnatural mist in the sky. My eyes snapped open. I saw the cheerfully blue summer sky. What a wonderful sight.

I was lying on one of the velvet couches in the Scarlet Mansion’s observatory. The place seemed less ominous in daylight. The battle with Remilia Scarlet might have been a bad dream, except for the huge, black blood stains in the carpet a few feet away.

I sat up to stretch, and felt two other bits of evidence that last night had been real. The bandage around my leg was still there. Except the splotch of blood was smaller. It was a fresh wrap. There was another bandage, wrapped above my right shoulder and below my left armpit. This one covered the bite wound in my neck.

I looked around. Remilia was nowhere to be seen. Her servants had carried her away, or she had walked out on her own. Either way, I was still alive. And that someone had tended my wounds while I slept meant I wasn’t in danger. That, and the blonde-headed girl snoring on the armchair next to me.

Marisa was curled into a ball on the chair far too large for her. I stood over her, listening to her make that unnecessarily adorable zehzehzehhh noise in her sleep. I decided to wake her. I can only take so much cuteness at a time.

“Hey,” I said, shaking her shoulder. “Rise and shine, sleeping beauty. It’s almost noon.”

She snorted, and her eyes opened. She looked up at me. Relief came over her face.

“Reimus!” she said, throwing herself at me. She clamped her arms tight around my waist. I hugged her back.

“Good to see you too,” I said. “Mind telling me what happened?”

“Hoping you could tell mees,” she said, pulling back and settling in the chair’s cushions. “Pull up a seats.”

I sat in another huge chair across from her, letting my left leg hang. “How did you get out of the dungeon?”

“Master escape artists,” she said. “Dislocated joints to get out of the chains, then climbed out the cell windows. Tough squeezing between the bars, but just sucked in my bellies really hards and—”

“All right, all right,” I laughed. “Ask a stupid question. So they freed you.”

She nodded. “Chief maid girls, Sakuya, came down and let me outs. Or more like, threatened mees to get outs. Come help clean up the mess Reimus made, or get your eyes replaced with knives. So batty youkai girls was Scarlets?”

“Yeah,” I said. “Remilia is her name. Is she still alive?”

“Think sos. Came up heres with Sakuya, saw bunches of fairies carrying Scarlets out. Soaked with bloods, konked out, but breathings. Sakuya went off with her, but left some fairies to get you patched ups. Wondered if she’d come backs, kill us or spit on us or call us fat to hurt our feelings. But haven’t seen hers. More worried about Remi than us.”

“The fairies did this?” I said, touching the bandage on my neck. It felt like the one on my leg, meaning this mansion’s youkai servants tended my first injury too. But even stranger was that Sakuya had ordered them to. I couldn’t imagine such a killer caring for the health of her enemies. Maybe she only wanted to keep me from bleeding on the furniture, making a mess for her to clean.

“Yups,” said Marisa. “Fine medics, toos. After cleaned ups, kind of wandered offs. Nobody told me to go homes, so here I ams.”

“This place is hardly clean,” said Sakuya. “You can’t get that much blood out of carpet. It’ll have to be torn up and replaced.”

Both Marisa and I started at the maid’s sudden appearance. There had been no footsteps sounding her approach. The observatory doors were hanging open, but we hadn’t heard their knobs turn. Hadn’t seen Sakuya walk halfway across the room to us. She was just there.

“How do you do that?” I said, catching my breath.

“I’m the head maid.” She put her hands on her apron and bowed. “May I ask if you are both feeling well?”

“Only if you don’t mind our surprise,” I said. “We could have been dead at your hands fourteen hours ago.”

“You could be dead at my hands any time.” Sakuya fixed her blue eyes on me. “Except that it’s not my mistress’s wish. You’re no longer considered intruders. You’re now the mistress’s guests.”

I stood, meeting Sakuya’s eyes. “Is Remilia okay?”

“Alive and well, and thank you for your concern.” She bowed again. “She asks that you forgive her not yet granting you both guest rooms. She knew you must have been tired after last night’s… happenings, so she wished you to rest in the observatory.”

“So now what?” I said. “Will Remilia let us go?”

“You’re free to leave,” said Sakuya. “But the mistress requests you spend the day here. She wishes to speak with you. She’s instructed me to guide you to your rooms, have the fairies give you a bath and fresh clothes. Once you’re ready, you’re invited to have lunch with the mistress and her senior staff in the main dining room.”

I glanced at Marisa. She nodded.

“We’ll accept Remilia’s hospitality, if you answer a question,” I said. “Why should we trust you?”

“No reason at all,” said Sakuya. “But I will say this. Last night, you staked my mistress through the heart. She’s still alive this morning, and that’s nothing less than a miracle. After that, if my mistress had the slightest of hint of harsh feelings, you would both be fairy food before sunrise. That you’re still alive is a huge act of good faith on my mistress’s part, and I suggest you don’t take it lightly.”

She and I regarded each other. I didn’t like to think it, but I was still this woman’s enemy. She hated me for hurting Remilia. Only her mistress’s word kept her from slicing me to ribbons.

“Good answer,” I said. “Lead on.”

She nodded to us, turned and walked out of the observatory. Marisa stood and helped me limp along, following the maid.





Going down the stairs was painful, but it was easier than going up. I made it with Marisa’s help. Sakuya lead us to a pair of bedrooms on the third floor. Each room had more floor space than Marisa’s entire house. A huge, four-post bed with pillows bigger than me. A big bay window with a view of the lake. A fully stocked walk-in closet. A bathroom, complete with wash sink and a massive porcelain tub.

Sakuya led Marisa to the neighboring room, leaving me with a dance of fairy maids. Three brought my bath fixings, a bar of soap, scrub brush, sponge, fresh bandages and lots of towels. A fourth fairy was drawing steaming hot water into the tub.

“I appreciate this,” I said. “But I want to bathe by myself.”

The fairies all looked at me, wearing hurt expressions.

“Did we do something to offend, dear guest?” said one.

“We give the best baths in all of Gensokyo,” said another.

“The mistress told us to treat you with the utmost care.”

“Please don’t send us away.”

Oh man. The fairies actually wanted to pamper me. It was their trade. If I refused these fairies, they might feel how I would if people stopped coming to my shrine for spiritual guidance. It would be saying, what you do best isn’t good enough for me, so stay out of my face.

I couldn’t do that. Not even to youkai.

“All right,” I said. “Use kid gloves, okay?”

As if I even needed to say that. The fairies were gentler than I thought youkai knew how to be. They lifted my shirt off me and undid my dress. They slowly, carefully cut off my bandages and sarashi. My skin tingled everywhere their warm hands touched me. It was a good thing I accepted their help. After they had undressed me, I realized my wounds were too sore for me to do the job myself. I couldn’t bend my left leg all the way, nor lift my right arm above my head. Remilia must have bitten one of my shoulder muscles.

The fairies led me to a stool beside the bathtub. I sat, watched them roll up their sleeves and go to work. They slowly poured bucket after bucket of hot water over me. Once I was thoroughly wet, they brought out the soap and brush. They lathered me up and scrubbed me down. I washed my face and front myself, while they used the soft sponge to clean the wounds on my leg and neck.

My skin was red once yesterday’s sweat and grime were gone. The fairies dumped more buckets of water on me, rinsing me clear of soap. That done, they helped me into the bathtub. I sunk into it, relishing the embrace of hot water. The fairies let me soak for a while. I lay back, letting my hair hang over the lip of the tub. One of the fairies took this as a cue. She patted the water out of my hair with a towel. Then she brought over a tiny, fairy-sized hairbrush and stroked one lock at a time.

This was heaven.

“Dear guest,” said one of the other fairies. “About your clothes. Would you like them washed and returned to you?”

I turned my head, saw the fairy beating her wings to hover five feet off the floor. She held up my miko blouse. It was stained with so much dirt and blood and wine. It hurt to look at it.

“No,” I said. “Burn them. They’re not fit wear.”

She seemed happy with that decision. She gathered up my clothes, the remains of my bandages and sarashi, flew out of room.

“Then we shall help you pick your new outfit,” said one of the two other fairies. They started bringing clothes out from the closet, holding them up for me to see. First, they showed me an extravagant red and white ballroom dress.

“Kudos on noticing my colors,” I said. “But something a little plainer, please. I’m not going to a dance with some prince.”

Next they brought out an expensive double-breasted jacket on top of a button-up shirt and slacks.

“Nor am I male,” I said.

A silken evening dress, made for much curvier women than me.

“Nor am I trying to get lucky,” I said. “Look, girls. I’m a miko. The high-priced look doesn’t work for me.”

A pair of revealing lace panties, and nothing else.

“I’m not low-priced either!”

The two fairies flew from the room, laughing themselves breathless. They were playing with me. Finally, they brought out a pair of trousers and a plain, long sleeved shirt. It would protect from the sun, but was open to air. Perfect for summer travel. I bet they’d picked out these clothes from the beginning.

I wanted to stay in the tub longer, but Remilia was probably waiting for me. I forced my self out of the water. I stood while the fairies each used a towel to dry me off. Once I was dry, they wrapped a new sarashi around my chest. I didn’t need it, since I wouldn’t be wearing a miko’s blouse. But the fairies seemed to think it would make me comfortable. I didn’t stop them.

They also wrapped new bandages around my wounds. I wasn’t bleeding anymore, but punctures are best covered until healed. Once I got back to my shrine, I would have to disinfect them with something. I wasn’t looking forward to that.

I was soon clean, dry and dressed. I nodded to the fairies.

“Thank you,” I said. “Please go tell Sakuya that I’m ready to meet the mistress.”

The fairies bowed to me, then flew from the room. They left the door open behind them. Marisa came running in a minute after they were gone.

“Reimus!” she said. “Why are you dressed in thats? Could’ve bummed some good clothes off Remis.”

I laughed. She was wearing the jacket and slacks. She looked like a girl trying very hard to look like a boy, or just a girlish boy. I was surprised the fairies had found those clothes in her size. Her hair was washed and combed like mine, but still a yellow mess.

“Do me a favor,” I said. “Never wear that outfit when coming to visit. It’ll feel too much like you’re taking me out on a date.”

“Should be so luckies,” she said. “Anyways. Gonna eat or somethings? Pretty hungries.”

“I hope your table manners are better than your grammar,” said Sakuya, having appeared in the doorway.

Marisa yelped and jumped, clinging to me.

“Hello Sakuya,” I said. “Can’t complain about your promptness. Have we kept Remilia waiting?”

“Not at all,” said the maid. “The mistress just sat down to lunch. The meal took a while to prepare.” She bowed to us, turned and headed down the hallway. “Come with me, please.”

We followed, Marisa again helping me limp along. I couldn’t keep a straight face with her dressed like this. If I closed my eyes, I could imagine she was a little man using my injury as an excuse to feel me up.

“I still can’t believe you’re wearing that,” I said.

“Makes me look goods,” she said.

“Well, there are worse things. The fairies tried to get me into some slinky lingerie.”

“Oh yeahs. Lacey panties. Wearing those toos.”





The main dining room was done in the same motif as the rest of the mansion. Big, large and huge. Several tables surrounded with chairs were dotted around the room. Chandeliers hung from the high ceiling. Windows on one wall looked out over the lake. They were all open, breathing a pleasant summer breeze. The curtains were drawn so that little direct sunlight came in.

Sakuya led us through the maze of tables and chairs. They were all empty, except for one at the far corner of the room. This one was covered in plates, pitchers, wine glasses and silverware. Remilia was sitting the head of this table. In the chair on her left sat Patchouli. Beside her sat Hong Meiling.

I would have tripped over myself if Marisa hadn’t been holding me up.

Sakuya looked back at us. “Is something wrong?”

“Meiling!” I said. “How is she here? I… I—”

“Beat her senseless and dumped her body in the lake?” said Sakuya. “So you did. Fine job, too.”

“I killed her!” I said.

“Never stops her from being on time for a meal,” said Sakuya.

“China-girl’s a youkai,” said Marisa. “Living natural magics and everythings. Easy to beat, hard to kills. Usually come back after a whiles.”

“You’re kidding,” I said. “You knew this all along?”

Marisa looked up at me. “Didn’t yous?”

“Don’t worry about Meiling,” said Sakuya. “I kill her at least three times a week. She’s got a problem with authority.”

I didn’t know if she was joking, and I didn’t want to find out. We approached the table where Remilia sat with her servants. All three were wearing different clothes from yesterday, but in the same styles. Meiling wore a gi that showed off her body without showing much skin. Patchouli had on a heavy nightgown, as if she would take her midday nap after lunch. Remilia wore a clean white dress. To look at her, you wouldn’t know she had been stabbed through the chest only hours before.

“Welcome,” said the mistress of the house. “Please, have a seat. Lunch is coming out soon.”

Marisa and I took our chairs, sitting beside each other. Sakuya helped me scoot my chair in. I expected to get angry looks from Patchouli or Meiling, but neither of them even glanced at me.

“Shall I serve the appetizers, Mistress?” said Sakuya.

“No,” said Remilia. “Sit beside me. I want you here for the conversation.”

Silence. Patchouli and Meiling exchanged looks.

“Mistress?” said the maid. “Are you su—”

“Sit, Sakuya. The fairies will serve our meal.”

She hesitated, then sat at her mistress’s right hand. On the other side of the room, a pair of double doors flapped open. I assumed that was the kitchen, judging by the pair of fairies flying a large tray out to us. They set the tray down on the table, then began dishing out the appetizer. I expected truffles or crepes or stuffed mushrooms or some other expensive food I didn’t know how to eat. But the fairies were giving us sliced fruit and bread rolls with pats of butter. That much I could do. A third fairy filled our glasses with drink. The mansion residents all had wine. Marisa and I asked for water.

“Dig in,” said Remilia. “Don’t worry about manners. Eat if you’re hungry.”

So we ate. After a few minutes, Marisa and I were asking for seconds. We hadn’t eaten since yesterday afternoon, right before crossing the lake. Remilia gave us time to take the edge off our appetites before she started talking.

“I hope you liked your accommodations,” she said.

“More than generous,” I said, wiping my mouth with a cloth napkin. “Your fairies are excellent at what they do.”

Remilia smiled. “Aren’t they? I’m glad you two decided to have lunch with me. There’s a lot I need to tell you. And I’m sure you have questions for me, too. In fact, why don’t you ask your questions first? That way we might be done talking before desert.”

“I only have one question,” I said.

Now Remilia and her three strongest servants were looking at me. They all knew what I was going to say.

“The mist.”





“Yes,” said Remilia. “The mist. That’s what brought you here, isn’t it? That’s what led you on a mad crusade through my house. But here we all are, enjoying a nice meal on a summer afternoon. The sun is shining outside. It’s almost as if the mist never appeared in the fist place. We couldn’t just forget about it, could we? Couldn’t simply move on? Choose to leave this harsh chapter of our lives behind?”

“No, we couldn’t,” I said. “Because if I don’t know where the mist came from, I don’t know that it won’t happen again. Or something worse.”

“You’re completely right. So I’ll tell you about the mist. But I need to start by telling you about myself.” Remilia took a sip from her wine glass. “Last night I used the name Vlad Tepes as a roundabout way of telling you that I’m a vampire. And I am. But honestly, I don’t know if I’m related to Dracula or not. I don’t even know if there was a Dracula. I don’t know if he was purely fictional, or if the story was inspired by a particularly tenacious youkai vampire who lived in that part of the world at that time. I know precious little about my family or origin. And I use the word precious literally. What small bits I have, I hold dear. Do you understand?”

Both Marisa and I nodded.

“I knew you would,” said Remilia. “That’s one of those universal human traits. You understand the value of family, the love and closeness of blood relations. The bonds are strong and deep. So much that they can drive family members to do foolish things. Then other family members will defend the foolish one, because they love they feel for her defies reason. The original fool will take that to mean her deeds are acceptable, and continue them. And so on in a downward spiral until the family falls apart, or someone puts and end to the stupidity.” She smiled. “In rare cases, the cycle is broken by outside intervention.”

The appetizers were done. Two fairies were clearing away the first round of dishes, while another was refilling drinks. Two more were dishing out the main course. A seasoned side of roast beef with vegetables, and two more baskets of rolls on the side. I noticed none of this. My attention was on Remilia.

“I have a sister,” she said.





“Vampires have sisters?” said Marisa.

“This one does,” said Remilia. “At least, I call her my sister. She’s been with me for as long as I can remember. She looks similar to me, height and build. Her hair is a different color, but her face is like mine. And her eyes. She too has vampire eyes.”

“What’s her name?” I said.

Remilia didn’t answer. She looked down at her plate, focusing on sawing apart a piece of meat and chewing it down. Her servants were acting the same way, looking at nothing as they ate. I guess the scarlet sister wasn’t topic for casual conversation in this house.

“Whatever you’re trying to tell me about this sister of yours,” I said. “We can’t talk about her very easily without speaking her name.”

“You’re right,” said Remilia. “I can’t speak about her easily at all. But the six of us didn’t come together at this table by being squeamish, did we? I’ll tell you her name.”

Yet she didn’t. She kept going at her slice of roast.

“Remilia,” I said.

She looked up at me, pained.

“Her name is Flandre.”





“What’s in a name?” I said. “You act like it’s a swear word.”

“It’s not the name,” said Remilia. “The name is a label for something terrible.”

“Not nice to say about a sisters,” said Marisa.

“It’s the kindest description I can use,” said Remilia. “She may look like me, but there are some very important differences between us. Patchouli, would you explain?”

“Yes, Mistress,” said the youkai witch. “I have done research on the origin and characteristics of vampires, and come to a few conclusions and assumptions. Vampire youkai are likely either the descendants of, or a specialized breed of, the youkai version of the vampire bat. However, humanoid vampires have higher degrees of intelligence than other animal youkai. They have reasoning and cognitive abilities equal too or greater than a human’s. That, combined with their youkai lifespan and consumption of human blood, has the caused myths, legends and horror stories about vampires.”

“Fiction has basis in fact, so they say,” said Remilia.

“Most interesting from these stories is their account of vampire weaknesses,” said Patchouli. “Sunlight. Holy symbols. Running water. Garlic. That the only way to kill a vampire is a stake through the heart.”

Remilia waved a hand to the windows. “I stay out of the sun, but only because I have pale skin. I’ve never burst into flames because someone holds a cross at me. If water were a problem, I wouldn’t live in the middle of a lake. And I don’t especially like garlic, but it doesn’t hurt me.”

“I used a little on the roast,” said Sakuya.

“As for getting staked through the heart.” Remilia smiled, showing her teeth. “Well. I’m still here, aren’t I?”

Shivers went down my back.

“The different depictions of vampires throughout historical and fictional texts are hugely variable in describing a vampire’s characteristics,” said Patchouli. “No one seems to agree on what makes a vampire a vampire, except that they drink blood. The reason for this, I assume, is that real vampires actually do vary in what defines them as a vampire. Similar to how human traits change within different subsets of humans. Colors and physical builds, for instance.”

“So vampires have hereditary differences,” I said.

“Not hereditary,” said Patchouli. “Arbitrary. The mistress’s younger sister is drastically different from Remilia herself in a few of those vampirical traits. Flandre cannot be exposed to sunlight, direct or otherwise. Even if she were hiding under one of the tables in this room now, her skin would break out in severe rashes and bleed profusely.”

“One time,” said Sakuya, “I brought her a dish with a very small amount of garlic in it, less than in the meat here. I couldn’t even get close to her with it. The smell of it made her sick. She refused to eat anything for two days after that.”

“I guess that explains why she’s not eating with us,” I said. “Where is she now?”

“In an underground cellar,” said Remilia. “The vault. For her protection, as well as ours.”

“Yours?” I said.

“Certainly,” said Patchouli. “My mistress is a powerful sorceress. She gave you a small demonstration in the observatory, with the telescopic spell. Yet Flandre’s power….” Her voice trailed off.

“Is greater than mine,” said Remilia. “By far. She can wipe out entire villages. And she might, if she got too excited. She has little control.”

“We’re getting off track,” I said. “What does your sister have to do with the mist?”

“Everything,” said Remilia. “She’s the source of it.”





Fairies took the dishes away, giving us each a small bowl and spoon. A particularly hefty fairy flew a larger bowl out to the table. She gave us each a scoop of homemade ice cream, then topped it with a squirt of sweet syrup. It looked delicious, but I didn’t have any. The talk of Flandre Scarlet had taken what little remained of my appetite.

Marisa, on the other hand, cleaned her bowl. Then she had mine.

“About a week ago,” said Remilia. “I was in my atelier, doing some experiment or another. The whole mansion suddenly shook!” She grabbed the table and jerked it once, almost toppling the wine glasses. “There was a massive magical shockwave coming from the vault. Bigger than any single spell I had ever seen. Bigger, I thought, than even Flandre was capable of. I went down there to make sure she was safe, but she wouldn’t let me in.”

“The vault door has a lock that is opened from the outside,” said Sakuya. “But the door swings inwards, and Flandre is stronger than any of us. She can keep us out if she wants.”

“I couldn’t make any sense of it,” said Remilia. “I tried talking to her through the vault door, but she just told me not to worry. It would all be over soon, and then she would come out.”

Marisa stopped shoveling ice cream into her mouth, mid scoop. Even she didn’t like the idea of Flandre getting out of her cage.

“We didn’t know what she was doing or why,” said Remilia. “But we did know that if we didn’t stop her, the mansion would soon be in a crater half the size of Gensokyo. We had to get the magical energy away from here somehow. And the only safe place to send it was up.” She pointed to the ceiling.

“Together, the mistress and I crafted a spell,” said Patchouli. “To redirect the magic disturbance. We simply aimed it at the sky. Our initial hope was that Flandre would see she was making no progress towards whatever end she was trying to gain, and desist. But the opposite was the case. Her output increased. The mist outside began as a light haze, and quickly became the blood-red color you saw yesterday.”

“And at night,” I said. “There were things up in the clouds.”

Silence.

“Come on,” I said. “I know I’m not the only one who saw them.”

“You’re not,” said Remilia. “It’s just… We’re not happy with what it means.”

“Means?” I said.

“I have studied child psychology briefly,” said Patchouli. “The images visible in the mist are typical pictorial expressions from a young female heavily stressed or abused. Violence, pain, threats.”

“Well duh!” I said. “How would you feel if you’d been locked up for…? How long have you guys been here anyway?”

“The years blend together after you’ve been for so many of them,” said Remilia. “But looking at the calendars recently, I think I’ve lived half a millennia. Flandre recently passed her four hundred and ninety-somethingth year in containment.”

“That’s insane!” I said.

“She is,” said Remilia. “Anyone would be. But I hope you can sympathize, Reimu. I had no choice. Neither did Flandre. If it were up to me, I would go downstairs this very second and free her. Except then, every field, every village, every shrine in Gensokyo would be razed. I would be sentencing your homeland to death.”

“You have anyway!” I stood, ignoring the pain in my leg. “Sealing your sister in a can just prolonged the problem. Made it worse, in the long run. If Marisa and I hadn’t come here, we would still be under the mist!”

“Don’t you dare judge!” said Sakuya, standing. “It wasn’t your decision to make! The mistress—”

“Sit down and be quiet, Sakuya.”

She looked at her mistress. “But she—”

“Sit.”

The maid bit her tongue. She sat, but didn’t seem at all happy about it. Remilia looked at her for a moment, as if making sure she wouldn’t have another outburst. Then she turned to me.

“You’re absolutely right, Reimu. If you two hadn’t come here, the mist would be even thicker than yesterday. In another day or so, it would’ve blocked out the sun completely. But this just means that I’m not the only one who prolonged a problem, thus making it worse in the long run.”

“What are you saying?” I said.

“Why do you think the mist went away? Why would stabbing me with a stick clear the weather? Didn’t you ask yourself what the connection was?”

I said nothing.

“You changed me,” she said. “I don’t know how, but I’m not the vampire I used to be. I might not even be Flandre’s sister anymore. I’ve lost whatever connection I had with her. The redirector spell is gone. Patchouli and I tried to reestablish it this morning, but we failed.”

“Flandre no longer has an outlet for the energy she is gathering,” said Patchouli. “We do not know when, but that energy will eventually reach critical mass.”

My skin went cold, despite the warm summer air coming through the windows.

“That means….”

“Yes,” said Remilia. “We’re sitting on a very large time bomb. It might be tonight. It might be a month from now. But when it does happen, this mansion will vaporize, and take half the valley along with it.” 
It was a beautiful day over Gensokyo. In the distance, the Boundary reflected sunlight in a rainbow light show. Trees rocked back and forth in the breeze. Birds were circling above the lake, skimming the water to catch their lunch. I watched them, just having just finished lunch myself. I sat in one of the Scarlet Mansion’s guest bedrooms, looking out the bay window. Clutching a pillow to my chest. Wondering if this was the last time I would admire the country I loved.

The crisis wasn’t over. It was further from over than when I started this stupid quest. And this time, the problem didn’t have a solution. No act of bravery, no overcoming of personal weakness, no sacrifice could save the day. Gensokyo was doomed. There was nothing anyone could do about it.

I squeezed my eyes shut, beat my fist once on the bedpost. It hurt my hand, but it felt good in other ways. I needed to make my frustration known. I punched the post again. And again.

“Say something,” I said. “There’s no reason to stand there, staring at me.”

Remilia stood in the doorway, had for a while.

“You never turned around,” she said. “How did you know I was here?”

“Saw your reflection in the window.” I looked back at her. “Another thing the stories got wrong, huh?”

“Apparently so.” She stepped into the room, closed the door behind her.

“Why are you here?” I said. “We’re done talking. You told me everything I needed to know.”

“I told you everything I wanted my servants to hear,” she said. “But there’s more I need to tell you, and only you. And I have a question.”

I looked back out the window. I didn’t want to talk anymore. None of it mattered. We were all going to die, or be left in a life that wasn’t worth living. But Remilia was the mistress of the house, and used to getting her way. If she wanted to speak with me, I couldn’t get away from it. Only endure it.

“Ask,” I said.

“Patchouli once described to me what a miko is,” she said. “She tells me that you act as spiritual guides and counselors. Is that true?”

“More or less.”

Remilia crossed the room and climbed up onto the bed with me. She sat across from me, her legs folded under her. This girl couldn’t be five centuries old, even with the bat wings and red eyes. She didn’t look a day over eleven.

“Then I ask for your counsel,” she said. “What should I do?”

“I thought Patchouli was your advisor.”

“For intellectual problems. Not moral ones.”

“Vampires need moral advice?”

She shook her head at me. “Let’s not start that conversation again. It didn’t end well last time.”

“You brought it up,” I said. “Besides. I don’t see how this is a moral problem. More like a kiss your butt goodbye because there’s nothing we can do kind of problem.”

“Is that how I came across? No. There is something we can do. I just don’t want to do it. I hate even considering it.”

Remilia pulled her blouse partway off her shoulder, showing me the skin over her heart. There was a small patch paler than the flesh surrounding it.

“Why are you showing me that?” I said.

“Because you can’t give me advice if you hate me.” She pulled her shirt back up, covering herself. “Nor can I take advice if I hate you. I forgive you, Reimu. Will you forgive me? For tricking you. For feeding on you.”

I looked out the window. “I have no reason to.”

“Yes you do. Not because I deserve to be forgiven. Not because I can excuse giving into my vampire’s lust. But because, if you don’t, it’ll kill you from the inside out. A miko should know that.”

“I do.” I closed my eyes. “Tell me what you have in mind to stop Flandre.”

“Very well,” she said. “Patchouli left out a bit of the research she’s done. The reason why the vampire stories say you can only kill a vampire with a stake through the heart. A vampire’s heart is the organ that digests the blood sucked from humans. Destroy that, the vampire can’t eat, and it dies.”

“That can’t be the whole story,” I said. “Those tales said the vampire died instantly, not slowly of malnutrition.”

“You’re right,” she said. “But fiction has a way of making symbolism into literal fact. For instance, the death of a vampire. What happens when a vampire dies?”

She sat there, looking at me as if waiting for me to say something.

“Well?” she said. “What happens?”

“You’re asking me?” I said.

“Of course. You’re the one who witnessed it.”

I shook my head. “But you’re not dead. I don’t know what you’re saying.”

“Then maybe this will explain.”

Remilia moved. With that unreal vampire speed, she knocked me back on the bed and was on top of me. Holding down my arms. Sitting on my chest. Just like last night. I panicked. My voice caught in my throat.

“Relax,” she said. “This won’t hurt.”

She went for my neck, the same spot where she’d bit me last night. But she didn’t bite. She nuzzled her nose gently against my neck, inhaled deep.

“I can smell it,” she whispered. “The bandage is changed, the skin washed. But it’s still here. Your blood—” Then she gagged hard, her mouth opening as if she were going to puke. Nothing came out. She backed off me with one hand over her mouth, coughing and hacking. I climbed off the bed, putting some space between us.

“What are you doing?” I said. “Ask permission before you sniff my neck!”

Her coughing fit died down, but she still struggled to catch her breath. She had one hand on her belly and her face was paper white, like she’d gotten food poisoning and was trying not to chuck her last meal all over the bed.

“If I had asked permission,” she said between breaths, “would you have let me?”

“No.” I said. “Are you okay?”

She swallowed, her eyes moist. “I don’t know. The smell of blood nauseates me. It’s like I went from craving it to being allergic.”

“Maybe you’re just allergic to me.”

“No.” She wiped her eyes dry. “I have no memory after you stabbed me. One second you’re on top of me. The next I’m lying in my own bed, and Sakuya’s sitting there, crying her eyes out. She begged me to take some of her blood, so I could draw strength and recover. I tried, but I couldn’t keep it down.”

“You haven’t been feeding off Sakuya all this time?” I said. “I thought that’s why humans lived with vampires.”

“I promised not to feed off her when we first met. She wouldn’t be any good as my maid if she suffered from chronic anemia. But don’t you see? I can’t drink blood anymore. That means I’m not a vampire. I’m not really youkai, and I’m definitely not human. I don’t….” She looked away. “I don’t know what I am.”

“The death of a vampire,” I said.

“Yes.” Remilia stood up on the bed, putting herself on eye level with me. “This is my only hope for rescuing all involved, including Flandre. It’s painful irony. To save my sister, I must kill my sister.”

“But you’re not sure if it’ll work,” I said.

“No, I’m not. Destroy her heart, and it might regenerate into an ordinary blood-pump like mine did. Some of her vampire traits might go away. Or they might not. She might die. She might even trigger the mini-Armageddon we’re trying to avoid. That’s why I’m here, Reimu Hakurei. I need you to tell me if I should take the risk of murdering my sister.”

“You want me to make that decision?” I said. “What makes you think I have that kind of moral ground?”

“Because,” she said. “Last night, you killed a part of me. But you did it with no anger. No malice. You were trying only to protect yourself, not to hurt another. That’s why I hesitated when feeding. The emotions that make blood taste good simply weren’t in you.”

“No,” I said. “It’s too big. I can’t—”

“It gets better.” She hopped off the bed, sounding a light thud when her feet hit the floor. “I also have to ask the help of two human women who I have a very tenuous truce with. I could say, I know we were mortal enemies yesterday, but do you mind helping me solve a family dispute that’s threatening to destroy the whole country? I can’t imagine that going over very well. Can you?”

“No,” I said. “Not at all.”

“That’s why I need the advice,” she walked past me, heading for the door. “If you need time to think it over, that’s fine. Come see me you’re ready. I’ll give you as long as you need. But Flandre won’t.”

She left the room. I waited until her footsteps were out of hearing.

“You can come out now, Marisa,” I said.





The yellow-haired girl poked her head out from under the bed, a curtain of blankets hanging around her neck.

“She knew I was heres?” she said.

“If she did, she didn’t let on,” I said, sitting on the bed. “What are you doing down there, anyway?”

“Looking for stuffs to steals,” she said. “Finding nothings, thoughs. Sakuya keeps the places sparkly spotless.”

“I’m sure her small army of fairy maids has something to do with it.” I patted the blankets beside me. “Come up here.”

She climbed out from under the bed. She was still wearing the jacket and slacks. It was awful and hilarious to be rummaging under furniture while wearing something so expensive. She sat on the bed’s edge next to me. Our feet didn’t reach the floor, and our legs kicked free.

“Wells,” she said. “What happens nows?”

“I don’t know,” I said. “But it’s the same thing, isn’t it? The same dilemma that sent us out here.”

“Yeps. Do somethings with a good chance of dyings, or do nothings and die for sures. So we gonna helps Remi or whats?”

“We should. But I don’t want to.”

“Why nots? Better not because she bit yous and can’t get over its.”

“It’s hard. What she did hurt me. Not just physically.” I lay back on the bed, looking up at the ceiling. “I know there are bad people in the world. I know there’re people who lie and kill and rape and cheat. But that doesn’t make it sting any less when it happens to me. And I don’t want to help a person like that just for the asking.”

Marisa nodded, making a thoughtful hmmm sound. She took hold of my arm and slid the sleeve up, showing my skin.

“What are you—OW!”

She brought my forearm to her mouth, bit down on it hard. Her jaw muscles clenched. I yanked my arm away from her, used the other to knock her off the bed. She tumbled to the floor. I sat up and retreated to the other side of the bed, out of chomping distance.

“What was that!” I yelled at her. I looked down at my arm. She hadn’t broken the skin, but her teeth marks were in deep. “Why does everyone bite me? Do I taste good?”

“Theres!” said Marisa, standing and pointing a finger at me. “Just like Remi nows! So you hate me toos?”

“I said it wasn’t the physical that bothered me!” I said. “Remilia bit me because she wanted bad emotions to feed on. You bit me just because you’re an idiot.”

Marisa tapped her chest. “Bad feelings here toos! So angry at yous! Let Gensokyo dies instead of forgiving someones.”

“You can’t talk,” I said. “It didn’t happen to you.”

“Doesn’t matters! Both Remi and mees bit you nows, and for bad reasons. So hate us boths, or forgive us boths.”

“That’s not fair,” I said. “My relationship with you is diff—”

“Blah blah blahs!” she yelled over me. “Forgive mees only ‘cause we know each others so longs? Don’t want it like thats! Do it right or not at alls!”

I wanted to keep arguing, but we both quieted when we heard a pounding coming down the hall. Stomp stomp stomp!

“Reimu Hakurei!”

Hong Meiling burst into the room, slamming the door open. Unlike me, a stab wound in the leg wasn’t slowing her down at all. She wasn’t wearing her beret, making her look ready for a fight. I had forgotten how imposing she was. Not just her good looks, but her height and muscle. She could break me with her bare hands, and she seemed to be here to do just that.

“You!” She jabbed a finger at me. “I have a score to settle with you!”

“No you don’t,” I said. I got off the bed and stood by Marisa.

“Under Remi’s protection nows,” she said. “Can’t hurt her, China-girls.”

“Don’t call me that!” said Meiling, holding up both fists. “And don’t think me that much of a fool! I know I can’t attack you directly as long as you’re the mistress’s guest. But if my honor has been infringed, I can challenge you to a duel.”

“A duel?” I said. “What if I decline?”

Meiling laughed, one hand over her mouth like a blushing maiden. “That’s the beauty of it! Refuse me the satisfaction of a noble confrontation, and your honor is forfeit. You’re no longer worthy of the mistress’s esteem, and therefore open game. Either way, you’re mine!”

Ah. A loophole in youkai politics. No doubt Patchouli had fed this idea to Meiling, including some of those words, like infringed. China-girl couldn’t have come up with it herself, and the mansion’s librarian still had some ill feelings for me.

I wouldn’t humor either of them. I could simply say nothing, neither refuse nor accept the challenge, and lock Meiling to indecision. I could run to Remilia for help. But I was sick of playing youkai power games. I looked Meiling dead in the eye.

“I will not fight you,” I said.

She laughed again, this time in triumph. She moved forward, grabbed me by the shoulders and lifted me off the floor. Her grip squeezed my arms and shoulders together, compressing me in uncomfortable ways. Marisa grabbed her by the arm, trying to pull her off me.

“Noes!” she yelled. “Didn’t refuses! That’s not what she—”

Meiling made a quick kick and knocked Marisa’s ankles out from under her. Marisa toppled to the floor in a pile of blonde hair and expensive men’s clothing. Meiling still had me in her lift hold. She swung me around and threw me out the bedroom door. I sailed through it and slammed into the hallway wall. White lights exploded in my eyes. Most the air in my chest came out me in a cungh noise. I collapsed to the floor, limp.

Meiling came stomping out of the bedroom. She wrapped one iron hand around my neck, pinning me to the wall. She was going to lift me up and break my neck. Or shake me around until all my bones snapped. Or reach down and pull my intestines out through my navel. Whatever gruesome way she chose, I was going to die in the next few seconds.

Her grip was tightening, cutting off my air.

“This is what you get!” Meiling yelled into my face.

Yes, this is what I got. This was my punishment for not forgiving.





It wasn’t fair! It just wasn’t fair!

Why should I have to forgive somebody for wronging me? They hurt me! I had the right to be angry! I could hold a grudge forever if I wanted!

These were the complaints my heart was screaming into my head. My childish, little girl’s heart. The heart that thought the world owed me everything and I owed it nothing. My head usually took these demands in stride, giving my heart what it wanted. But this time my heart had to back down.

It had to let go. It had to give up its fear, anger and pride.

Had to.





Meiling still had one hand around my neck, was pulling back the other to punch through my skull. But she stopped. She noticed the tears coming from my eyes, running down my cheeks and over her hand.

“What?” she said. “Why’re you crying?”

I brought my hand up and put it on hers. I didn’t try to pry her off me, but touched her as I would if comforting a friend.

“I didn’t refuse you,” I said, my voice thin. “Just said I wouldn’t fight you. Just stating a fact.”

“What’s the difference?”

I looked up at her, blinking the tears out of my eyes. “Remilia asked for my aid in rescuing Flandre. I’ve agreed to help her.”

Meiling’s face changed, as if she’d been slapped. Her grip on my neck loosened, and she let me go. I sat back against the wall, catching my breath.

“A request for help from the mistress overrides a challenge from her servant,” said Meiling, standing up straight. “Very clever. But don’t think you’re safe. I’ll find a way.”

And to emphasize that point, she punched the wall right above my head. I felt the vibration go down my back. The plaster cracked and crumbled under her fist, salting bits of it into my hair. She pulled her hand back and shook it out. She turned and walked off. I watched her go, saw her disappear around the corner.

As soon as she was gone, Marisa bolted out of the bedroom. She peeled me off the wall and hugged me tight.

“So sorry, Reimus!” she said. “Biting and yelling at yous, really mean just nows.”

“It’s okay,” I said, hugging her back. “I forgive you. So long as you forgive me, for being such a thick-headed, stiff-necked, hard-hearted—”

Marisa laughed. “Every times, Reimus. Every times.”





It wasn’t hard to find Remilia. Even halfway across the mansion, we heard when she started playing the pipe organ.

On the ground floor was a big theater room. Rows of seats spread out in a semi circle before a raised stage. On the stage was a biggest musical instrument I had ever seen. Dozens of brassy pipes of various length and size lined the back wall, stacked and beveled. Below them was a huge console of knobs, pedals and boards of piano keys.

Remilia sat at the organ, her back turned to us. She played a song melancholy one moment, manic the next. Her hands danced over the keys, reaching high above her head to strike keys on the top board. Her feet stomped the pedals below, giving changes to pitch and tune.

Marisa and I came into the room. We walked past the rows of chairs, stopped at the base of the stage. Stood and listened to her play. She didn’t notice us or ignored us, kept running the organ like a master performer.

Her song could have gone on, but she let the notes fade away. She pulled her hands from the keys, lifted her feet from the pedals. She spun around on her seat, turning to face us.

“Hello,” she said.

“Wows,” said Marisa. “Remi’s got lots of talents.”

“No,” said Remilia. “That was procedure, not talent. You can become good at anything if you have centuries to practice.” She looked back, up at the organ. “That song was Septette for the Dead Princess. The composer’s name escapes me. My rendition of it is weak, since I’m missing six performers.” She looked back at me. “Have you prepared your advice for me, Reimu? Or have you decided withhold it?”

“I’d better not,” I said. “Giving you advice will keep Patchouli from using that China-girl to kill me.”

Remilia tilted her head at me.

“My advice is this,” I said. “That the most powerful beings in the mansion head down to the vault immediately and stop Flandre, or die in the attempt.”

She smiled. “That’s fine advice. I thank you for your counsel, Reimu Hakurei.”

“You’re welcome, Remilia Scarlet.” I nodded to her. “In return, I ask a favor. I don’t know what help I can be, but let me go down with you.”

“You’ll be nothing but baggage,” said Sakuya, standing in the isle behind us. “But you still might be useful as a meat shield. Every last-ditch effort needs an expendable member or two.”

Marisa yelped, but Sakuya’s appearance didn’t surprise me. I was getting used to it. I turned to her.

“I have to die sometime,” I said. “May as well save Gensokyo when I do.”

Sakuya smiled, bowed to me.

“Let’s go now,” said Remilia, hopping off her seat. “We’ve wasted enough time. Reimu, Marisa. You two come with me. Sakuya, get Patchouli and Meiling and meet us at the vault. Tell them it’s time to save my sister’s life.”





It’s strange. Accompanying a group of people all strong enough to kill me, and some who had reason to, to an unknown danger that I probably wouldn’t survive. Yet I felt no fear. I felt no regrets over my life’s mistakes. I felt no loss over the coming years I’d never get to live. I was doing the right thing for the right reason. I could stand tall, look my fate in the eyes and do what needed to be done.

I felt good. Better, maybe, than I had ever felt.

Remilia led Marisa and me to the stairwell. Sakuya met us on there, along with Meiling and Patchouli. Again, I expected a sneer or angry comment from them. But neither glanced at me or said anything. They looked how I felt. Happy to be doing what should have been done long ago.

Remilia and her servants moved slower than they could have, letting me keep up with Marisa helping me limp along. The six of us went below the ground level and into the dungeon, passing the cell Marisa and I were kept in last night. At the end of the dungeon was a staircase that spiraled down deep into the earth.

“There’s no light from here on down,” said Remilia. “Mages, light your torches.”

She held out her hand. Just above her palm formed a small but bright flame, blue at its base and red at the tip. Patchouli held out her hand palm down. An ingot of crystalline ice hung from her fingertips by barely visible threads, glowing fractal blue light from its heart. Marisa set up her trademark hatlight. She had no hat, but kept the little white ball lit above the crown of her head.

With half of us carrying light sources, we went into the depths.





Down the stairs, descending around and around. The air was cool and damp. I didn’t know how deep underground we were, but we couldn’t go much farther. Soon we’d hit the lake’s water table.

“This is simpler than I thought,” I said, dropping down one stair at a time. “I expected more security. You guys told me about a vault door, but I didn’t think we’d just walk down to it. Shouldn’t there be more locked doors? Magic traps? Maybe big, muscled fairy guards or something?”

“Of course not,” said Remilia. “If Flandre wanted to escape, none of that could stop her. The vault door is only meant to keep people out.”

That didn’t make much sense to me, but I kept quiet about it. If someone had locked me in a hole in the ground, I’d do everything in my strength to break free. Then again, I hadn’t been living there for four hundred and ninety-whatever years. Maybe a prisoner would think of her prison as home after so long.

The stairway finally ended in a long, rectangular room. Dark shapes and their shadows flickered and jumped under our magical lights. My eyes took a minute to know what they were seeing. But I understood the smell immediately. I put a hand over my mouth, hoping I wouldn’t throw up my lunch.

There were thick, heavy wooden tables caked over with dried blood. Dark spatters were all over the floors and walls. Meat hooks hung from the ceiling, but nothing hung off them. More hooks were on the walls, most holding butcher and carving knives and other cutlery. There were two wood stoves at the room’s center, both with smoke pipes leading into the ceiling. They were covered with empty pots and pans, but neither was lit.

“It’s like a slaughter house,” I whispered in awe.

“It is,” said Sakuya. “This is where I prepare Flandre’s food.”

Oh no. Oh please no.

I couldn’t handle that. Not now. Not ever. I had to pretend it was cow’s blood on the table, maybe pig’s blood on the floor. She had cooked only beef and pork and poultry on the wood stoves. Because the idea of Sakuya bringing her murder victims down here and....

I gagged, choked down my bile.

I couldn’t take it. I was going to break down. I was going collapse to my knees and start crying and blubbering. They’d have to carry me out of here, because I wouldn’t have the wits to do it myself.

Something squeezed my arm.

“Reimus,” Marisa whispered. “Stay with mees.”

I inhaled sharply, and the world came back into focus. The scene was disgusting, but not enough to shut me down. I could have fainting spells all I wanted later. But for now, I had a job to do.

“I’m fine,” I said, squeezing her back. It felt good having her here. She was warm, assuring.

On the far wall was the vault door, locked like it was guarding a bank’s gold or a government’s international secrets. A huge handled wheel stuck out of the door’s center. On the wheel’s hub was a big knob covered in numbers and tick marks. A combination dial. On the knob was a regular-sized keyhole.

“Stay back for now,” said Remilia. “Sakuya, come forward if I wave for you. Patchouli and Meiling, be ready.”

The five of us were silent. Remilia walked up to the door, past the tables and woodstoves. The magic flame in her hand cast flickering orange over the vault door, making it seem like a living thing, shifting and shaping in her presence.

“Flandre!” she yelled at the door. “Come to the door, Flandre! I need to talk with you.”

No voice came from the other side. No sound at all.

“I know you can hear me, Flandre,” said Remilia. “If you don’t answer, I’ll have to come in there. I’m here with Sakuya, Meiling and Patchouli. The four of us can open the door, no matter how hard you try to keep us out.”

I wasn’t sure that was true, based off what Remilia and her servants had told me. She was using psychological tricks on a child. Declaring her dominance, demanding obedience. I didn’t like to think Flandre was that kind of personality, such power backed by a childish mind.

“Last chance!” said Remilia. “Answer me now! I won’t ask again.”

The response came in a whispered word.

“Why?”





Both Marisa and I stopped breathing. The voice behind that why was so sad and weak. Like a sick little girl on her deathbed, asking her parents why she had to suffer. Why she was cursed to such a short, painful life. They didn’t love her enough to save her from hurt. God hated her so much that He damned her to this living hell.

Sakuya was suddenly shivering, her arms wrapped around herself. Patchouli and Meiling were stone still, pained looks on their faces. Out of us all, only Remilia was unfazed.

“Why what, Flandre?” she said.

“Why did you bring strangers here?” said the voice. “Those two. The witch and the priestess.”

Flandre could see us? How did she know what we were? We weren’t dressed like ourselves.

“They’re my friends,” said Remilia. “I want them to be your friends, too. They’re here to help me, and help you.”

“Why are they holding each other?”

Remilia looked back at Marisa and me, uncertain.

“The priestess hurt her leg, so the witch is helping her stand.”

“No,” said Flandre. “Priestess burns witch. Witch curses priestess. They’re supposed to hate each other.”

“These two don’t,” said Remilia. “Listen, Flandre. We’re going to help you undo the spell, so that it doesn’t hurt you. We’re coming in. Stand away from the door.”

“No!” Flandre moaned. “Don’t come in. I’m not done yet.”

Remilia took out a key from somewhere in her dress. She pushed it into the keyhole on the combination knob, turned it once and left it there.

“Don’t come in!” said Flandre, her voice rising from a whisper to a yell. “I said DON’T COME IN!”

Remilia ignored her. She turned the combination knob right, left, right again. She took hold of the handled wheel and started spinning it to the left.

“NO! NO! NO!” screamed Flandre. The door shuddered under heavy blows, as if a giant were beating on it with both fists. Remilia kept turning the wheel, even though it was jerking her arms back and forth. One final turn, and the wheel spun free.

“Sakuya! Meiling! Patchouli!” she yelled over the noise. “Help me push!”

The three servants all ran to Remilia. Sakuya and Meiling stood on either side of her, throwing their weight into the door. Patchouli stood a few feet back, getting ready to cast some spell. Even with Flandre resisting from the other side, the four of them would force the door open.

Flandre must have felt herself loosing ground, and she stopped pushing back. The door swung inwards. Sakuya and Meiling all fell forward into the blackness of the vault. Remilia was buried under her two servants, collapsed on top of each other. Patchouli stood still, one hand up to the ceiling. She was ready to cast, but wasn’t sure if she should.

“You will all STAY OUT!” Flandre screamed.

The air rippled for one second, and exploded. A massive blast of energy burst from the vault, throwing everything around like a tornado. Even at the other side of the room, Marisa and I were both dropped to our backsides. The butcher’s tables toppled. The knives on the wall hooks flew free, raining spinning blades around us. One caught me in the shin, but only by the blunt edge.

Remilia and her servants were knocked back under the magical gale. Patchouli fell flat on her back and tumbled towards the stairwell. Meiling sailed into the smoke pipes of the wind stoves, breaking them both in a loud crash of sheet metal. Sakuya twisted away from the vault door, limbs flailing. Her head hit one of the overturned tables. Two throwing knives came out of a holder from under her skirt, more bladed projectiles coming back at Marisa and me. One of them clattered on the stone floor. The other caught Marisa in the arm.

Remilia got the least of the blast. She was covered by Sakuya and Meiling until just before the spell let up. She slid back on the stone floor a ways, riding up her dress. Her left wing caught on a meat hook that had fallen from the ceiling.

The spell ended. The room was in scattered ruins. Remilia at her servants were all down. Flandre had beaten them in a single shot.

“And YOU TWO!” she yelled. “GET IN HERE!”

Marisa and I were both pulled forward, as if the spell were running in reverse, and only for us. We lifted up off the floor and tumbled though the air, towards the vault. One of the meat hooks on the ceiling nearly stabbed through my head, but it only raked over my scalp and took some of my hair with it.

We both flew into the vault and dropped to the floor. Marisa cried out in pain, probably landing on her wounded arm. No sound came from me, except desperate wheezing as I tried to catch my breath. My head burned where the hook had scraped me. Already I could feel blood welling in my hair.

“Now,” said Flandre, her voice close. “We need some privacy.”

I looked back at the vault door. I had to get up. Had to get out. I saw Remilia standing, running for the door, even with a huge metal hook impaled through her wing.

Then the door slammed shut, and all was black. Remilia pounded and shouted from the other side. But she was too far away to help. We were in Flandre’s world now.

“There we go,” she said. Smug, satisfied. “I’ve always wanted to try fresh human.” 



It was hot, like the inside of an oven. The air took the moisture from my breath, getting into my mouth and nose and trying to cook me from the inside out. Greasy sweat was building on my face, neck and back. I had to stand up, no matter how dizzy I was. The floor was too warm to sit on. This heat came from Flandre’s accumulated magic energy. The air buzzed and stunk with it, like the stench after a lightning strike.

The spell Flandre used to throw Remilia out of the vault, and then pull Marisa and me into it, was a small expenditure of the power she had gathered down here. She used a bit more to shut the vault door tight, and block sounds from the outside. Remilia’s shouts and poundings stopped. But the air didn’t cool. If we had come down here much later, it would have been hot enough to dehydrate us in minutes.

There had to be a source of fresh air down here. A vent that led to the surface. I wanted to find it, put my face on it. But I had a more immediate concern.

“Marisa,” I hissed into the darkness. “Light!”

“No can do, Reimus,” she said in a normal voice. “Bleeding pretty bads over heres. Kinda hard to spell up like thats. ‘Sides, get the feeling our hostesses doesn’t like lights too muches. Don’t wanna be rudes and hurt her eyes.”

“Hold still, witch,” said Flandre. “I’ll clean the blood off for you.”

I heard Marisa moaning, but nothing else. I soon saw that I didn’t need a lamp, magic or otherwise. Light was coming from Flandre herself. It was dim, but enough to see once my eyes adjusted. Enough to show me a vampire even more bizarre than Remilia.

Flandre was shorter than her sister, but not by much. She wore a similar outfit, red dress and vest over a pink shirt, and she had a hat like Remilia’s. All her clothes were dirty, tattered and threadbare. She had unkempt blonde hair, a shade darker than Marisa’s. She had her sister’s eyes, bright and bloody red. But I saw all of this as an afterthought.

Her wings. If they could be called wings. A pair of long bars sprouted out from her back. They were dark like iron rods, but flexed and curved like flesh. Bound to each were seven pointed crystal shards, starting with violet at her back and ending in red at the wingtips. Each shard was shaped like a big spearhead, the sharp tip pointing off the wing and the broad base attached by twisted little vines of iron skin. Those wings wouldn’t help her fly, but she could cut a person to shreds with them.

She stood with Marisa, licking up the blood coursing down her arm. Marisa cringed at her touch, but held still. She wouldn’t risk upsetting Flandre. I stood there and watched, only because I didn’t dare move. Marisa was bleeding so much. The knife that cut her was nowhere to be seen, but the wound it left was grotesque. It looked like Marisa had been stabbed and pulled the blade out herself.

“Thanks for wiping me offs,” said Marisa, her voice trembling. “Wouldn’t be happy just with that, rights?”

Flandre pulled back, licking the blood from her lips. She swirled her fingers around Marisa’s wound gently, then touched her fingers to her tongue. Just like tasting the sauce on a side of meat.

“You’re so sweet.” She said it like an endearment, which made it even creepier.

“Flandre,” I said. “Do you know why we’re here?”

She ignored me, kept going at Marisa’s blood.

“We can’t let you keep building up this spell,” I said. “You’ll kill everyone in the Scarlet Mansion. Including yourself. Including your sister. Do you realize that?”

Again, no response. Marisa shook her head at me, telling me to leave things alone. But I wouldn’t. Not this time. Maybe she had an idea. She had managed to talk us out of tough spots before. But I couldn’t let things end that way. Flandre had to be shown the error of her ways.

Even the vampire Remilia Scarlet had the barest of moral conscious. I bet her sister had one too, even though it would be tough to get at.

“Flandre!” I said, stepping forward. “Listen to me!”

“You leave me alone, human!” she yelled. She swung her wing at me. Its blunt side lashed me in the midriff like a chain whip. Something snapped in my chest. It hurt like getting stabbed with a rusty pitchfork. I screamed pain out through clenched teeth, collapsed to the hot floor.

“Now stay there and be quiet,” said Flandre. “Don’t make me knock your around anymore. I don’t like my food tenderized.”

She turned her back to me and continued lapping up Marisa’s blood. Marisa stood still, petrified with shock. She heard whatever had broken inside me. I couldn’t count on any help from her. She was as helpless as me. She could have easily used the ambient energy for a spell. But without a spellcard or other foci, she would bring the mansion down on top of us. And if Marisa even tried, Flandre could beat her down her before she finished casting.

So we were going to die. But not before I had my say.

“Why, Flandre?” I said. I barely got the words out before a fit of deep, hacking coughs took me. Each one ripped new pain into my side, like someone was tearing my torso apart with a clawed hammer. A lot of bloody phlegm came up.

She was ignoring me again, so I kept going.

“Why do this?” I said, making sure to breathe shallow. “Did Remilia hurt you somehow? Did Sakuya? I wouldn’t be surprised. Sakuya’s a murder, and Remilia’s—”

“You shut up!” She turned, kicked me in the side. It hurt, but not like my other side. It was a childish gesture of anger, not an attack.

“Words hurt!” I said. My body wanted to cough again, but I choked it down. “If you like them so much, why are you trying to kill them?”

“I said be quiet, you big beast!” she kicked me again, harder. She hit only soft flesh, but I was bleeding inside. Maybe worse than Marisa’s arm. I wanted to keep talking, but I couldn’t draw the air.

“I’m doing what my sister wants.” Flandre stood over me. “She told me all about you humans. The thing that makes you act nice.”

She went back to Marisa, leaving me to suffer on the floor. Why did I have to be Flandre’s punching bag? Marisa had a good reason for holding still, maybe to get on Flandre’s blind side. But it didn’t make me hurt any less. And what was Flandre talking about? The thing that makes us act nice?

Then it hit me.

I knew why.





I remembered before all of this started. Standing in the courtyard of my shrine a two days ago, I looked up at the mist and wondered. The question of who made the mist was a big one. But far bigger was the question of why. I couldn’t understand how anyone could have enough hatred to kill all of Gensokyo.

But now I knew. It wasn’t about hate. It was about love. What was that Marisa once said?

Heads is tails if you flip the coin over.





“Flandre,” I said, struggling for breath. “Remilia talked to you about God, didn’t she?”

Her head snapped around. She opened her mouth and showed me her teeth. Blood dripped from her vampire’s incisors.

“What?” she said.

“It’s only natural.” I swallowed something trying to come up my throat. “When a girl is worried about something, who does she tell? Where’s the first place she goes for a sympathetic ear? Her sister.”

Flandre was standing over me again. She was silent, but her face told me everything I needed to know. Marisa was forgotten for now. I was the next item on the menu.

“She scared you,” I said. “I’m sure she didn’t mean to. But I mean, who wouldn’t be scared? There’s this all-powerful man in the sky. He wants you to act a certain way, or He’ll damn you. It’s terrifying.”

Flandre knelt beside me, the crystals of her wings clanking together. She got on all fours and smelled my neck, paying special attention to the bandage. If Flandre bit me, I wouldn’t have any blood left. She didn’t strike me as a light eater.

“So what can you do?” I said. “If God exists everywhere, how do you get away from Him? You have to die. God can’t control your life if you’re not alive, right?”

Flandre’s fingernails were long and sharp. She used them to cut the bandage off my neck, like she was unwrapping a pastry.

“But there’s a problem,” I said. “Maybe part of God that Remilia didn’t tell you. God has control of you of after you die, too. If you’re good in this life, then you go to Heaven and live happily ever after. But if you’re bad, you go to Hell and suffer forever. And the path to Heaven isn’t paved with corpses!”

Her tongue gently flicked over my skin, numbing everywhere it touched. She opened her mouth wide, ready to bite. I closed my eyes and waited for my life to end.





A sudden gush of hot goop flooded over my neck. At first I thought it was my own blood, and Flandre was a messy eater. But even my neck couldn’t spray blood that fast, or I would already be dead. I opened my eyes and saw Marisa standing over Flandre. Her wounded arm hung limp at her side. Her other hand held the rounded base of a throwing knife, stuck into Flandre’s back.

Flandre coughed up all of Marisa’s blood, right onto my neck. I pushed her head back and scooted away, fast as my broken body would let me. My insides screamed and moaned and wailed, but I had to get out of the line of fire.

Flandre fell to her side. The tip of the throwing knife poked out the front of her vest. Marisa had stabbed clean through. She stood over the downed vampire, looked up at me.

“So sorry, Reimus,” she said. “Couldn’t get a clear shots­—”

“Get away!” I yelled, and started coughing to make up for it.

Marisa only looked at me, as if to say what for? It wasted the one second she needed.





Flandre’s body tensed, her limbs clenching and her back arching. Her wing crystals flared with bright light, numbing my eyes. One of Flandre’s wings clipped Marisa’s feet out from under her. She fell down beside the vampire. The other wing came around and stabbed two of its crystal shards into her lower back. Marisa screamed. I screamed along with her.

Flandre yanked her wing out of Marisa’s back, getting another wail of pain. She got to her feet. She reached back, took hold of the knife and yanked it from her back. A long arc of blood followed the blade, splashing to the floor like an upturned bucket of paint. The strobe lighting from her wings turned the blood charcoal black. She took one look at the knife and threw it away.

“You killed me, witch!” Flandre yelled at Marisa. She reached down, grabbed Marisa by the jacket and picked her halfway up. “Come to Hell with me!” She swung Marisa around, used her own weight to throw her into the wall. Marisa folded to the floor, lay there like a dead thing.

Flandre turned to me. She looked ready to give me the same treatment, but her strength left her. The light in her wings died out, leaving the room dark again. She wobbled on her feet, couldn’t keep her balance. She fell to her knees, then to her face.

I lay in darkness. My eyes burned from the light now gone. The only sounds were the windstorm of my own labored breath, the manic thumping of my heart in my ears. I shivered and shook, even though I was fever hot.

“Marisa?” I said. “Are you okay?”

Silence. I couldn’t even hear her breathing.

“Marisa!” I said. “Answer me!”

Nothing. I feared the worse. Loosing so much blood, getting two deep stab wounds in the back, and maybe snapping a few bones on a hard stone wall. Marisa’s little body couldn’t take all that. My eyes welled with hot tears.

“Marisa!” I screamed. I would have gone over and tried to shake the life back into her, if I had the strength.

New light flooded into the vault, along with a blast of cold air. But no, not cold. Just far cooler than the air in already in here. Flandre’s spells were gone. The vault door had swung open. Remilia came in, one wing hanging limp off her back. Sakuya was at her side. Her hair was matted under with blood. Patchouli came in behind them, holding the blue crystal lamp that lit the chamber. She seemed shook up, but otherwise unhurt. Back in the slaughter room, Meiling lay on a pile of metal that used to be a woodstove.

“Good God!” said Remilia, looking the scene over. “Sakuya, help me with Flandre. Patchouli, see to the humans.”

“Yes, Mistress.” The youkai witch came over and knelt beside me. I tried to point at Marisa.

“Her first!” I gasped. “She might be… She might—”

Patchouli put two fingers on my lips. She spoke quickly. “I can already see you are going to be difficult if awake. I do not know how badly you are injured, and I care not to learn by autopsy, so you must be docile. I hope you will forgive me for this.”

Her words strung into no meaning. I was panicking. I would have yelled at her to tend Marisa before me, but I didn’t get a chance. Patchouli put her hand on my forehead, covering my eyes. She muttered something under her breath. A jolt went through me.

I was far away from myself. My body stayed, to suffer its hurts and injuries without me. I went to another country. Another land. Another world.

But as I left it behind, something came with me. Marisa might be dead.

My own death didn’t frighten me. I had been through too much. But the death of someone close to me. It couldn’t happen. I would never recover from it. If God wanted a life, let Him take me. But not Marisa. Please not Marisa.

I love you. Don’t leave me.
The most powerful dreams are often the ones we don’t remember. The ones we wake up from suddenly, our bodies covered in sweat and our faces in tears. The dreams so beautiful and terrible that it makes our meager existences pathetic and worthless. Our day to day lives mean nothing. Our jobs, our houses, our hobbies. All of it fails in comparison.

Except, I’ve learned, there is one thing that doesn’t change. The one thing that makes you feel safe to tell your closest friend about the dream. The same allows your friend to sympathize, say something to make you feel better. This thing is called love. Since only our relationships stand to these awesome dreams, I think the dreams themselves are about love.

It would have to be a love grander and stronger than anything we know in our waking lives. And after the argument I had with Remilia Scarlet when I first met her, I’m tempted to think that God is the source of this love.

That sounds strange coming from a miko, but so what? Someone smarter than me could refute Remilia’s arguments, but it’s not a miko’s place. If there is a God, then I’m fine with that. He and I seem to agree on a lot of things. If there is no God, then that’s fine too. It won’t stop me from teaching what a miko believes.

It’s all about humility, kindness and love.

Especially love.





I awoke from one of those dreams. I dreamt that Marisa and I went on an adventure together. We overcame great enemies, suffered great hurts, did great good for Gensokyo, learned much within ourselves. But when you wake up, you realize how ridiculous such dreams are. Here I was, snuggled up in my overstuffed bed, looking out the window, up to the blue summer sky above my shrine.

Except the window seemed a lot bigger than mine, taking up more space in the wall. Not to mention the bed. The bed was huge. And I didn’t remember the smell of the lake being quite so strong.

I would have sat bolt upright as I realized where I was, but my body was too stiff. I only inhaled sharply, and that hurt enough by itself.

Patchouli Knowledge was sitting in a comfy armchair on the other side of the room. She had been reading a book, but now she snapped it shut and looked up at me. Two fairy maids were sitting on top of the chair’s backrest, rocking their wings to keep balance.

“Ah,” said Patchouli. “You are awake. Fairies, find the mistress and let her know. Bring back a plate of food.”

The two youkai bowed, took wing and flew out the bedroom’s open door. Patchouli stood, holding her book under one arm, stepped up to the bedside. She put a hand on my cheek and forehead, as if feeling for fever.

“How do you feel?” she said.

“I hurt.” My voice came out groggy. I cleared my throat. My side stung. “What happened? Is Marisa okay?”

Patchouli hmphed. “You humans. Some worry about nothing but themselves, and the rest worry about every one else. You were injured worse than Marisa. Flandre broke two of your ribs, and you suffered internal hemorrhaging. The fairies and I spent long hours repairing your blood vessels to keep you from drowning in yourself. It was a good thing you had eaten roast beef beforehand. It gave us plenty of protein to work with. We also set the broken bones, but I did not heal them completely. I feared running your body short on nutrients, and it is best for them to heal naturally in any case. Even so, we need to feed you right away.”

I didn’t understand half of what she was saying, and I didn’t care.

“Answer me,” I said.

Patchouli smiled. It was strange to see on her face. “I apologize. I unintentionally evaded your question. Marisa will recover fully. She is resting in the neighboring bedroom. She has numerous contusions and three separate stab wounds of varying severity. The two in her back were particularly frightening. Approximately an inch in one direction, and she would have lost both kidneys. Less distance in another, and she would have been paralyzed from the waist down. As it happened, she suffered only muscle damage and perforated intestines. Those were easier to repair than your injuries.”

“I want to see her,” I said.

Patchouli shook her head. “Not yet. She is asleep now, and you are not fit to move. The two of you will need to rest for another day at least.”

“I don’t care,” I said. “I need to see her. I need—”

“Won’t you eat something first?” said Sakuya. She came into the room, carrying a bed tray. She set it down over me, as if to keep me still. Seeing the food and drink, I realized how hungry and thirsty I was.

I tried to sit up and rest back against the headboard, but I couldn’t move. My ribs hurt too much. I lay there, panting with the effort.

“Can’t even feed yourself,” said Sakuya. “All right. Hold still and I’ll spoon some pudding up for you.”

No. I didn’t want those killer’s hands feeding me. The same that had butchered apart who knew how many people to feed a vampire. And that reminded me.

“Flandre?” I said, holding Sakuya off. “What happened to her?”

The witch and the maid exchanged looks.

“That is the most distressing aspect of the ordeal,” said Patchouli. “The mistress will tell you.”

“Is Flandre dead?” I said.

“No,” said Sakuya. “Not dead, just…. Look, let me feed you, okay? I promise I won’t kill you.”

What was that promise was worth? But my stomach rumbled at the smell of the food, and I couldn’t get it myself. I let Sakuya feed me. I swore that I wouldn’t trust this woman. I let her tend me only because I had no choice.

Remilia came in after a while. She was tired and worn. Her wounded wing was wrapped with a bandage. She said nothing, only sat in the armchair and watched me eat. Patchouli bowed to her.

“I will go check on Marisa, with your leave,” she said.

Remilia waved her off, and Patchouli left the room. Sakuya soon finished feeding me, helped me wash it down with some tea. She took the tray and turned to leave, but stopped by Remilia.

“Would you like me to stay, Mistress?” she said.

“No,” said Remilia. “You can go. I want to speak to Reimu.”

The maid bowed as well as she could, holding a tray full of dishes. She left us alone, closing the door behind her. I watched Remilia for a while. She sat, looking at the floor, her shoulders hung and her wings drooping. I had never seen such a sad vampire.

“I heard Flandre is alive,” I said.

“She is,” said Remilia. “We hoped against hope it would change her without killing her, and it did. Her heart is still beating, and she no longer has a taste for blood. Or for anything from a human body. Sakuya can’t be in the same room with her. She gets sick just from her smell. The fairies have to care for her.”

“That’s good, isn’t it?” I shook my head on the pillow. “I mean, not good. But better. Right?”

“Much better. And that’s not all. Flandre is recovering in a bedroom like this one. We have the curtains closed, but still. She’s not breaking out into rashes. No bleeding boils on her skin. Sunlight is no longer poisonous to her. ”

“This all good news, Remilia. Why do you look so depressed?”

She looked up at me. “Yesterday, I was desperately afraid for my sister. I wanted to do everything in my power to ensure her survival. So I did the unthinkable. I humbled myself before the God you don’t believe in, and I prayed for her. Isn't that ludicrous? Me saying a prayer! It’s blasphemy in the extreme, both to my own kind and to the human God.”

“And you’re upset over that?”

“Of course not. Even I’m not so heartless as to be ungrateful if my prayer is answered. And it was. Flandre opened her eyes. She looked at me. She asked my name.”

I took a second to understand.

“She what?” I said.

Tears welled in Remilia’s eyes, ran down her cheeks.

“She didn’t know me,” she said. “She still doesn’t. Nor does she know Sakuya, Patchouli or Meiling. She doesn’t know this house, or that she’s been underground for five centuries. She didn’t even know her own name. I had to tell her.”

Remilia put her face in her hands, and she cried.





So this is why Remilia feared God. Not because of complex reasoning, weaved from hundreds of years of understanding and experience. Not from impartial observation of humankind’s morality. But from one simple, powerful connection.

She loved her sister that much.





Marisa and I stayed at the Scarlet Mansion for a few days, resting and recovering. As soon as she could move, Marisa came into my room and jumped in bed with me. She hugged me so tight she nearly broke my ribs again. But I didn’t care. I hugged her back, and we both laughed and cried. I felt bad for Remilia and Flandre, but it couldn’t keep me from being happy with my best friend. After prying us apart, Patchouli and Sakuya took turns watching us.

When Patchouli was in my room, she read to me from her books. She started with a medical analysis of memory loss. I learned that amnesia could be caused by physical or mental trauma, or a combination of both. I learned that patients who suffered from amnesia sometimes recovered in a day, sometimes never. We didn’t know if Flandre would ever get herself back. Especially since Patchouli’s studies were all on human amnesia.

Maybe it was better like this, I thought. Forgetting the past would let Flandre start a new life, a happier one.

From that book, Patchouli went on to harder subjects. She read me lectures on sociology, economics, history and magical sciences. I understood not a bit of it. I was always asleep before she got to the second page.

When Sakuya was watching me, she told me of Flandre’s recovery. She showed no signs of regaining her memory, but she was doing well in every other way. Sakuya could now be near her without making her sick. Remilia had gotten children’s books from the library and was teaching her how to read. She was up and about the mansion, exploring its long hallways and vast chambers. She was playing games of hide and seek with the fairy maids, but only until Sakuya yelled at them to get back to work.

Sakuya talked about Flandre like a parent talks about her child, with equal parts happiness and exasperation. I soaked up every word.





Soon, it was time to leave. Not because Marisa and I had overstayed our welcome. We wanted to go home. Marisa had healed enough to move on her own, but I could only stand up and walk for short distances. I would be that way for a long time. My ribs wouldn’t fully mend for weeks.

Remilia knew we were anxious to be on our way. She led us down to the main courtyard, where Meiling stood beside a big rickshaw cart. It wasn’t the same cart Marisa and I had seen on our way in, I was happy to see. Our packs were already stuffed in the back.

“This is nice,” I said to Remilia. “But how does this help us? Marisa can’t pull me all the way back to the Hakurei Shrine.”

“I know,” she said. “China here is going to be the muscle for the journey.”

“That’s right!” said Meiling, putting a hand on her bicep. “Hong Meiling will see you two home safely. The mistress has ordered me to dispel any thought or emotion associated with hurting you, Reimu. In the face of such a strict command, I can get revenge only if you attack me first.”

“You’re out of luck,” I said. “I’m in no shape to jump a youkai like yourself. Or anyone, for that matter.”

“We’ll see about that,” she said. “I may be the strongest youkai alive, but I have very sensitive feelings. You could call me ugly I’d break down crying.”

I laughed. “Thanks. Now I know your weakness. Help me into the cart, Marisa. China is going to take us home.”

“Hong Meiling!”





Marisa and I got into the cart, leaned back and relaxed. It was going to be a long trip. Meiling pulled us out of the courtyard, going slowly over the cobblestones, picking up speed on the open trail. We rode across the land bridge and turned onto the mainland, heading down the path that would take us around the lake.

I saw something out the corner of my eye, a glint of light. I looked back to the mansion, saw something sparkling on one of the balconies. Up there stood the Scarlet sisters, hand in hand, waving goodbye. Flandre didn’t know who I was or why she was waving to me, but she enjoyed herself. The sunlight reflected off Flandre’s wings, bobbing up and down as she waved.

I waved back to them. Everything was going to be okay. The younger sister had lost her past, but she kept something far more important.

A sister’s love. 
Beep. Beep. Beep.


In a small bedroom somwhere, an alarm was going off, heralding the start of yet another school day. A teenage girl was in the bed groaning, pulling her pink covers over her head in a futile attempt to muffle the incessant beeping. Finally, she slid an arm from under the warm layers of blankets and pushed several wrong buttons on the radio clock before successfully hitting the snooze button and disabling the alarm. Then, just as she was thinking that she should probably just get up, turn it off, and get ready for school, she fell promptly back to sleep.


Beep. Beep. Beep.


Five minutes later, the alarm was going off again. She didn't wake up. In fact, nothing could wake her up now. For some reason, her spirit had escaped from her body and was on its way to an unknown realm in the wilderness of Japan, to a place where monsters and magical beings took refuge from the hostile world of science. To Gensokyo, the Illusory Country.

Two young looking girls were in a messy little house in the woods, staring at a little doll that was lying on a worktable. On one side was someone who looked remarkably like a witch. She wore a black and white frilly dress and a purple ribbon that dangled from a single braid of her golden blond hair. Thrown absently to her side was a witch's hat, black and wide-brimmed, and a broom. The other girl looked more normal. Her plain blue dress and red hairband didn't make her seem as inclined to the magic arts as her companion, but that impression was counteracted by the two dolls that were floating about her head, apparently controlled purely by her will.


The two stared for at least half a minute at the inanimate doll before one of them, the witch, said, "So, Alice. Is this gonna to work or not? We've been waiting for a long time now."


Alice glared at the witch before pointing at the text in a book that was lying next to the doll and replying, "Marisa, did you forget what the book said? It takes on average an hour for this spell to work. The speed with which the doll is animated is dependent on many things and more often than not, it takes longer than the twenty minutes we've been waiting."


Marisa sighed loudly and sat down as she complained some more, "Geez, the only reason why I helped you was because you said that you would give me something it if it worked. Why do you want to create an independent doll anyway? Doesn't controlling an army of normal dolls work perfectly fine?"


"Of course, you wouldn't understand. Just think of how exciting it would be to have a doll that you could talk to! Or how about-"


Alice stopped talking abruptly. The doll was starting to move. The witch got back up out of her seat to watch as it rolled over as if it were sleeping. Then suddenly, the eyes of the doll opened and it sat up. It looked around briefly before its eyes set upon the two magicians that were peering down at her. The newly animated doll opened its mouth.


"What the-"


It looked from Alice to Marisa and back to Alice again. Meanwhile, the two friends were staring back, apparently speechless with what they had accomplished. The doll, which could now pass as a miniature human, stood up and demanded, "Why the heck is everything so big? Am I dreaming or something?"


The response to it received was most definitely not what it had expected. Rather than answering the questions, Alice suddenly squealed with delight and grabbed her newest creation from off her worktable and examined it from all angles. As she checked what changes had occurred from the spell, she exclaimed to Marisa, "I can't believe it worked! Look, it's moving and talking without me even doing anything!"


This, of course, didn't make the doll too happy and it struggled in Alice's hands as it was flipped to the side, upside down, and all sorts of other disorienting positions. Amidst being handled, the doll screamed in a high pitched voice, "Put me down! Ow, you're crushing me!"


Finally, the witch intervened and convinced the doll fanatic to put it back down on the table. It dusted itself off and grumbled a bit before turning to the two again. Alice still had a creepy fanatical expression on her face while Marisa just looked exasperated. Looking quite confused and disgruntled at the same time, the doll demanded, "What is going on here?! Who the heck are you two people? Where am I? And for the love of God, will you please explain to me why everything is suddenly so big?!"


Alice looked like she was about to overenthusiastically say something stupid, but Marisa kicked her in the shin before she could. While Alice was hunched over, the witch attempted to answer some of the questions.


"To answer your last questions first, everything isn't big - you're just small. You're in the house of a crazy girl named Alice who likes to collect and create dolls and control them with magic. That's her," explained Marisa as she pointed to the girl who was still on the floor rubbing her shin. She continued, "I'm Marisa, another magician who helped bring you to life."


The doll couldn't bring itself to believe any of this and retorted as if it were proof of the stupidity of her statement, "If I were just brought to life, then why do I have seventeen years worth of memories? And besides, that's preposterous. Magic's not real."


Marisa took in this new information, the seventeen years worth of memories part at least, and wondered why that was so. Before she could come up with an answer, though, Alice's head and upper body popped up above the worktable again. The "crazy girl" brought up another pointless issue that only furthered her impression as a doll fanatic.


"Hey, what should I name you? How about Venice?"


The doll made a disgusted face as it shouted at Alice, "Don't just give me random names like that! I have a name already. It's Cassandra!"


As this was going on, Marisa was flipping through the spellbook they had used to animate Cassandra. There had to be something in there that explained why she had memories though she was supposedly just created. Finally, in faded text and in a part they had overlooked, Marisa found something that seemed relevant.


"Hey, listen to this. 'This spell is designed to summon the soul of a dead person into an inanimate object. The process is very much like normal reincarnation where the spirit retains none of its previous memories. However, in rare cases, this spell has been known to attract the soul of a living being instead and the result is quite unlike the usual. This rare product will have all its memories from its previous body and will not need to relearn anything. Be warned, though, as the body that is left soulless will die in little less than three hours.' "


Cassandra and Alice listened intently as Marisa read the words. At the mention of the death of the original body, the doll started to feel uneasy and panicky.


"Oh, no... I'm going to die?"


Marisa snickered before asking sarcastically, "What happened to magic not being real? And technically, you aren't dying, just your other body. You'll still live on in this body."


Cassandra stamped her foot on the table and pouted. In an annoying high-pitched voice, she said, "That's not much better! Send me back, I wanna go home!"


In unison, the two magicians sighed. Marisa plugged her ears and Alice seemed to become less enthusiastic about having an independent doll around her. She rolled her eyes as the doll continued to make demands on being sent home. Finally she snapped at her, "Alright, we'll send you home! Just shut up!"


This outburst not only surprised Cassandra but Marisa as well. The witch raised an eyebrow questioningly as she remarked, "Gee, I always thought you were too timid to shout at someone. Anyway, since you said we'll be sending her back, I assume you know how to do it?"


Alice's reply was a blank stare. Marisa stared back. Cassandra stared at both of them and frustratingly said, "Oh, you've got to be kidding me..."


In less than a minute, a large part of Alice's spellbook collection was dropped onto the worktable where even the doll could reach them if she felt like reading them. And she definitely did. With the time constraint of only three hours, she was especially motivated to find something that would safely separate her soul from the doll and send it back to her original body that was still sleeping soundly in bed. Alice and Marisa were doing a good bit of reading as well, and notably faster too since they didn't need to struggle to turn each page. Cassandra looked at the side of one of the towers of books at the titles after scanning through yet another weird book, this one titled The Anthology of Souls. At the very top, there was a title that caught her eye, simply called Exorcism.


After a tedious climb up the tower of books she pushed the smaller than usual book off with a bit of struggling and jumped back down. In the few minutes that had passed, Cassandra had found out that her new and hopefully temporary body felt no pain or fatigue, which was good for this sort of thing. The book she had pushed down was remarkably small so that even in a doll's body, she was able to scan the book like normal. Towards the beginning of the book, she found something that actually seemed helpful. She called to the other two, "Hey, this sounds useful! 'Exorcism is the act of sending spiritual objects back to their rightful places, be it demons back to their original realms, dead souls back to the Netherworld, or even lost spirits back to their rightful bodies. Of the few people that truly know the art of exorcism are priests and priestesses of various religions, most notably the Shinto shrine maiden.' So, any holy people around here or are you people atheist or something?"


Alice and Marisa looked at each other, both with the exact same person in mind. The witch grabbed her broom and put on her hat as the doll fanatic grabbed a startled Cassandra and all three of them went out the door in a hurry. As soon as Marisa mounted her broom, Alice practically threw Cassandra at the tail end of the it where she instinctively caught on. A split second later, they were in the air at a dizzying height with Marisa straddling the broom handle, the doll holding on for dear life to a few of the strands of straw at the brushy end, and Alice... flying without any support? Cassandra puzzled over this - or she would have if she weren't so busy trying to make herself heard over the sound of the wind roaring past their ears.


"Where... are... we... going?!" she shouted one word at a time, though it was barely audible. Simultaneously, the two shouted back the same two-word answer, "To Reimu's!"


Cassandra had just enough time to wonder, Reimu? Is she a priestess who they plan on getting to exorcise me? before they were already landing. She looked down and saw a stone courtyard and a shrine with a person dressed in red an white sipping something from a small teacup. This new stranger looked up the new arrivals just as they landed. Marisa dismounted from the broom and called out to her friend, "Hey, Reimu. We came to play!"


From behind the witch came the doll with a annoyed looked. She smacked the witch on the knee (which didn't hurt at all) and contradicted her with, "No we didn't, Marisa!"


"That's a neat trick. Since when did you learn how to make your dolls talk, Alice?" asked Reimu, smiling at what she thought the doll maker had commanded the doll to do.


Alice shrugged. Marisa grinned back, scratching the back of her head. Cassandra pouted.

"So you want me to try to exorcise Venice? I don't know..." inquired Reimu, still sipping her teacup that never seemed to empty. Cassandra whined in that annoying high-pitched voice that Alice and Marisa were quite acquainted with already, "Not Venice! Cassandra! And please, can you at least try?"


It only had only taken a few minutes to explain to Reimu what had transpired. The girl had invited them in where the two magicians did most of the talking as the doll took a good look at what her exorcist looked like. What she saw didn't please her too much. The girl looked young and inexperienced, probably still under twenty-one years old. On top of that, the shrine was messy and the courtyard was covered in dead leaves, a sign of laziness or procrastination. Or both. The only things that prevented Cassandra from openly expressing her disappointment were the fact that she looked like a Shinto shrine maiden, a supposed expert on exorcism according to the book, and the aura of confidence that emanated from her. Cassandra sincerely hoped that that confidence wasn't overconfidence.


Reimu put the teacup down and stood up, stretching as she complained off-handedly, "Man, setting up for an exorcism is such a pain. But on the other hand, I can't just watch idly by as a fellow human is in need. And besides, I can't say no to a cute little doll like you anyway."


As she walked outside, Marisa called out to her to ask if she needed any help. Reimu waved her off, saying that the witch couldn't possibly help. Meanwhile, the last comment that the shrine maiden had directed to Cassandra sparked some curiosity in her. Turning to Alice, whom she assumed had made the body that she was currently inhabiting, she asked, "Say Alice, what do I look like anyway?"


"Oh, that's right. You haven't seen yourself yet huh?" Alice remarked as she pulled a small mirror from seemingly out of nowhere and stood it up in front of the miniature girl on the floor. What Cassandra saw was truly unexpected. Actually she wasn't sure exactly what to expect but it definitely wasn't this. The looking glass reflected an image of a girl with rosy cheeks, deep blue eyes, long brunette hair with a thin, light blue ribbon tied to it. Her body was covered in a dress not unlike what Alice was wearing - simple and pale blue. These features in and of themselves were not so unexpected, but together, the image that the reflective glass created was not that of a stranger but of what Cassandra usually saw in a mirror. If only the clothing matched what she usually wore, she could have sworn that not just her soul but her whole body had been transported to this strange place.


Abruptly the mirror was lifted out from in front of her, removing its mesmerizing image from Cassandra's gaze. Alice stowed it away and smiled at the little doll's expression of surprise.


"Not a bad piece of workmanship huh?" she asked, obviously very proud of her own handiwork, "Of course, I'm the one who made it."


"Yeah... it's great," replied distractedlyCassandra, the image still in her mind. She shook her head violently. It's just a coincidence, she told herself. A few more minutes passed and Marisa, who apparently had followed Reimu anyway, showed up at the door again.


"Well, Reimu says she's just about ready. Oh, and Alice you should come too. Apparently we are of some help at least."


The three of them - or two and a half of them if you want to be really mean - made their way down the steps of the shrine all the way into the forest where Marisa explained that Reimu had drawn the magic circle and prepared some other "thingymabobs" required for the exorcism. Less than an eighth of a mile from the bottom of the steps, they reached a clearing where Reimu was putting the finishing touches to a magic circle at least ten feet in diameter. In the center of all the intricate patterns was a hexagram with just enough room for someone to sit in the center. There were also three other smaller hexagrams inscribed in the magic circle which Reimu was working on now.


"Aaaaaand done!" exclaimed the shrine maiden as the last of it was completed, "Alice, Marisa, go stand in one of the three smaller hexagrams. Venice-"


"Cassandra!"


"Whatever. Cassie, go sit down in the center of the big hexagram. And make sure you don't accidentally mess up the design or I'll have to waste more time fixing it."


All four girls took their places and Reimu continued to explain what was going to happen, "Cassie, just relax and close your eyes if you wish. Marisa, Alice, you two will be sending your spiritual energy to the center where it will mix with mine. Don't send too much at a time because mine needs to be the dominate energy so I can control the exorcism. Also, if too much energy is received by the one being exorcised, the spirit may be utterly destroyed instead of displaced. Got it? Then, let's begin."


Cassandra gulped as she heard what might happen if this went wrong. She closed her eyes and prayed for success. Behind her tightly shut eyelids, she could see nothing, could hear nothing, could feel nothing. Minutes passed slowly and still she kept her eyes closed. Then a bright light from seemingly in front of her started to shine. A light so bright that the darkness in front of her eyes became a bright redness and at the same time, she felt her consciousness leaving her. With an almost inaudible sigh, the doll in the center of the magic circle, which was now glowing a bright white, collapsed on its side and didn't move. 
Not even after she realized that she was awake again did Cassandra open her eyes. Just for a little while, she just wanted to believe that she was back in her warm little bed, back in the world where magic didn't exist. It didn't matter that it felt like she was still lying on dirt or that there definitely weren't any blankets on her. It didn't matter if she could hear voices talking that shouldn't be talking because just for a little while, she wanted to believe that she was back home again. As she pretended that she was in her bed, she could still hear the three magical girls talking.


"Did it work?"


"It darn well better have worked. I'm exhausted from using so much energy."


One of them sighed in reply, "Haaaaaa~, so am I."


"Ha! You two are weak! Well anyway, it seems to have worked. The doll's just lying there not moving."


"Did you forget already? If it's not moving, it doesn't mean it succeeded. For all we know, instead of sending her back, we may have destroyed poor Venice's so-"


"My name isn't Venice!!" the doll suddenly shouted, abruptly ending her wishful daydreaming and sitting up, "It's Cassandra!"


The other three were froze in surprise - Alice lying down but with her head raised to see, Marisa standing up with a finger pointed at the doll, and Reimu kneeling down with a cup of tea somehow already in her hands. All three were looking at Cassandra with a blank face. The witch was the first to snap out of it and walked up to her, patting her on the head, smirking as she said to her, "Well it seems that Plan A has failed. Got a Plan B or are we going back to Alice's for more bookwork?"


Cassandra puffed up her cheeks and pouted again before replying in that annoying high-pitched voice that they were all familiar with now, "Geez, you make it sound like it's not a big deal. I'm going to die in a few hours if we can't find another way!"


"Yeah, yeah. Don't worry, we still have a little more than two hours and plenty of other methods to try out."


"Plenty of other methods? Like what?"


"Uhh, w-well we could...," Marisa faltered, resting her chin in a cupped hand as she tried to think of something quickly. Reimu, who was now somehow next to the two of them made a suggestion, "Why not visit Yuyuko for some help?"


"Yuyuko?!?" exclaimed the two magicians.


"Yuyuko?!?" exclaimed Cassandra before realizing that she had no idea who this Yuyuko was, "Uhhh... who's Yuyuko?"


"Allow me to explain," said the shrine maiden before clearing her throat and continuing on, "Yuyuko Saigyouji is the ghostly princess of Hakugyokurou, or the Netherworld if you don't want a mouthful. Being around ghosts and spirits all the time, wouldn't she naturally be an expert on them?"


Cassandra shuddered, "I'm not sure I want to see the ruler of the dead quite yet..."


"Well... we don't really have any other choices at the moment. And she's not really that scary, trust me," consoled Marisa. Alice and Reimu nodded in agreement.


"B-b-but-"


And so went some more precious time, all lost to mindless objections by the doll to seeing this person named Yuyuko. All in all, it took more than ten minutes before the three of them - Reimu stayed back in her shrine - were back in the air, heading toward the place where the magical barrier between the world of the living and the world of the dead was weakest. Cassandra gulped as they passed through the opaque field of energy and on the other side, she saw a scene quite unlike what she, and probably countless others, had expected. With a blank face, she turned to Marisa and asked, "Why does it look like there's a party going on in the Netherworld?"


"Oh, it's always like this."


"You've got to be kidding me... the afterlife is like this?"


Cassandra stared at the scene in front of her. There were red and blue wisps bobbing about in the sky, seeming to decorate a vast courtyard. And despite the fact that it was now winter in the world of the living, cherry blossoms were blooming on every tree. The Netherworld was a world of dancing spirits and beautiful pink flowers that went as far as the eye could see. Amidst the sea of translucent ghosts, the three saw a solid figure tending the trees at a fair distance from them. The person, whoever it was, didn't seem to have noticed them yet. Cassandra squinted and was able to make out that it was yet another girl, this one with silver hair with a black ribbon. She was also wearing some sort of a green dress.


As they approach this person, she noticed them and her already serious expression turned even more severe. Cassandra scrutinized her clothing some more and noticed another black ribbon tied in a bow decorating the front of her dress. The next thing she noticed that this really uptight person was carrying not just one but two swords, making her feel a little less comfortable and a lot more nervous. Marisa and Alice, however, apparently felt perfectly at ease.


"Hey, Youmu," Marisa greeted her while waving her hand.


"You again," replied Youmu coldly, "Come to cause trouble for me and Lady Yuyuko again?"


"What are you talking about? Last time, you two were causing the trouble and Reimu, Sakuya, and I came to reclaim the essence of spring you stole and stop the annoyingly long winter."


"Before this breaks out into a fight," interjected Alice, placing herself between the two, "why don't we just calm down? Youmu, we just came to talk to Yuyuko to see if she can help our little friend with her... condition."


"Lady Yuyuko is busy," Youmu curtly replied.


"Oh, please. What could she possibly be busy with?" asked Marisa as she rolled her eyes, "Eating?"


There was a relatively long and awkward pause before Youmu looked down ashamedly and replied with "Yes."


Cassandra could not have been more confused as this conversation was going on. From what she could gather, this Youmu and her master, Yuyuko, had stolen a season and delayed its coming sometime ago? Who was this Sakuya that helped them get it back? And on top of that, why was Youmu, apparently a living being, working as a servant in the realm of the dead? However much she wanted to ask these questions, she didn't because she didn't want this to take longer than was needed. She could ask Marisa or Alice later anyway so instead of trying to satiate some of that curiosity, she stepped up and sort of begged to the servant of the dead.


"Please, I need Yuyuko's knowledge to help me. If I can't find a way to get my soul out of this doll safely and back into my real body in less than two hours, I'll never be able to go back. Please. Let me see your master."


Youmu raised an eyebrow at the talking doll. She had her suspicions that it was just another one of Alice's dolls that was being controlled remotely, but she'd never seen one of them talk before. So, she quickly came up with an arrangement that would prevent the two magicians from being able to cause trouble to her master and allow the doll, if it were really inhabited by a soul, to talk to her.


"Fine. But only under one condition. Alice and Marisa must stay behind," said Youmu.


"Okay."


"Fine, by me."


"Whaaaaat~? I have to face the queen of the Netherworld by myself?" whined Cassandra, "Ugh, fine."


"Excellent. Then if you will, please follow me..."


"Cassandra."


"Right, please follow me, Cassandra."


The person named Youmu marched off in the direction of some sort of large structure in the far distance. This was going to be a loooooong walk. Or run in Cassandra's case. The servant of the ghost princess led on at a quick pace, much quicker than what the doll had to deal with when she traveled with Marisa and Alice. Her little legs could only take her so far per step so that now, with this impatient guide speedwalking the whole time, she was actually running. For the second time, Cassandra was thankful that this body felt no fatigue.


Youmu was silent and the atmosphere around her seemed to discourage any attempt for conversation. Several times, Cassandra looked up at the countenance of this person and saw nothing but a learned passiveness. The only features of her face that showed anything were her eyes. They burned with the intensity of the sun, but the doll was unable to pinpoint exactly what it was they burned with. Determination? Hatred? Loyalty? It was impossible to tell - she didn't know this person enough.


Finally, after a twenty-five minute walk, the two arrived at the huge wooden doors of the structure. It appeared to be a mansion of some sort, which Cassandra sort of expected since she was meeting the queen of the Netherworld after all. Before she opened the doors, Youmu turned to look at the doll for the first time since the beginning of their walk. In the same cold voice that she had addressed Marisa with, she said to Cassandra, "We have arrived. Before I can allow you to see Lady Yuyuko, however, you must know and follow the protocols. First, always address her as Lady Yuyuko, not just plain Yuyuko. Second, be sure to speak properly and politely. Third-"


Cassandra started to tune out after the first rule. She saw the mouth of the servant moving and heard the sounds it was making, but they just sort of blended together when she stopped paying attention. Her mind wandered to other things such as what the ghost princess would look like, or how she would behave. I bet she acts all high and mighty. Like a snob, she thought to herself as Youmu's words continued to go in one ear and out the other. However, she snapped out of her little daze in time to hear Youmu speak the last rule, "No matter what happens, do not offend her in any way. To make sure you do not, I will tell you this right now: she has the power to invoke death on anybody."


The doll's blood froze at those words, figuratively of course as a doll doesn't have blood. Slowly, she turned her head to her left and upwards to look at Youmu's face.


"S-seriously?"


Youmu nodded in reply before walking up to the doors to open them.


"Wait here for me," she said to the doll, "I will go find the lady and inform her of your presence."


She walked off down a dark corridor quickly and disappeared in the insufficient lighting. Soon after the soft thumping of her footsteps also disappeared. The area around the mansion was deathly quiet as opposed to the ever-present chattering of the ghosts farther from it. Cassandra looked around and realized that there were, in fact, no bobbing spirits to be seen nearby. She shuddered.


This place gives me the creeps...


A minute later, some more footsteps announced the return of Youmu. The shadows melted away from her features as she walked back into the light. She stopped just short of the entrance and beckoned for the doll to enter. Hesitantly, Cassandra obeyed and stepped over the threshold. Youmu then said in a hushed voice, "Go down this corridor until you reach the end. There will be a door to your right that has light coming from behind it. Just knock on it. I will be going back to the courtyard to finish my gardening duties."


The servant marched off in the same quick pace as before and left the doll all by herself. Cassandra took a deep breath before making her way down the indicated hallway as instructed. As she was told, there was a room to the right at the end that seemed to be lit up. With her tiny hands, the best she could manage was a light tapping, but apparently it was good enough. The door slid open automatically, revealing a well-lit room. The only things of interest were in the center of this room where a small table with a tea set was placed with several red cushions surrounding it. At the table sat a person.


"Ah, welcome. I heard that you wanted to ask me about something," said the stranger, "Errr, what was it... Youmu told me just a few minutes ago..."

"Errr... Are you.. Yu- Lady Yuyuko?" Cassandra asked doubtfully, just barely catching her break in protocol. For some reason, she couldn't believe that this person was the one who presided over the entire Netherworld. For one thing, this stranger seemed a little too... ditsy. Only after mere minutes, she had already forgotten what her servant had told her. On top of that, her clothing seemed strangely... well, strange. Everything about them were pale blue and frilly - pale blue frilly hat, pale blue frilly dress. And the white triangle on her hat was weird too. It looked like a piece of paper that adorned the center of her hat and had a red spiral on it. Everything about this person seemed so out of place when compared to the dark and dreary mansion and the quiet foreboding atmosphere around it.


"That's right!" replied Yuyuko ebulliently, "And you are... a talking doll!"


Wow... this is the master of the Netherworld? mused the doll. She wondered why the ghost princess looked so solid. Meanwhile, since Cassandra had remained silent, Yuyuko continued on, saying, "Oh, I remember what your problem is! Since you're a doll, you probably have an eccentric master and you want help on dealing with it, right?"


"Umm, no."


"Ehhhh~? But I swear I heard Youmu say something about an eccentric master..."


Cassandra rolled her eyes and muttered under her breath, "Maybe you caught her complaining about you..."


"What was that?" asked Yuyuko, leaning forward in earnest.


"Uhh, why don't I just tell you what my problem is, Lady Yuyuko?"


"Ah, yes. That would be simplest wouldn't it?" Yuyuko remarked. She beckoned for the doll to enter the room, "Why don't you come in? And please, just call me Yuyuko. 'Lady' isn't necessary."


The doll walked into the room, feeling much less anxious about her meeting now. The sliding door closed by itself behind her, leaving the two of them alone together. Yuyuko waited semi-patiently - her mind seemed to wander a bit - as Cassandra took a little while to get on top of the table so that their heads were approximately at the same level.


It took less than a minute to explain what the problem was. In fact, all she really said was just that she was really a human and that her soul was stuck in this doll. Yuyuko listened surprisingly attentively, completely the opposite of what Cassandra was expecting based on her first impression. Now it seemed that the ghost princess was a bit more serious, though she still seemed a little weird.


"I see. Well, it seems that my little experiment has confirmed what I had suspected from your story."


"What you suspected?" echoed Cassandra, "Wait what little experiment?"


"I tried to separate your soul from that doll already," she replied, "And it didn't work. Which means your soul has been magically attached to this usually inanimate object."


"Tried to separate... wait, you tried to kill me?!" demanded the doll.


Yuyuko just went on, ignoring Cassandra's loud questioning.


"When a soul is attached to an inanimate objecdt, the natural tendencies of a soul is overwritten. And this is usually done by..."


"Hey! You tried to kill me, didn't you?!" insisted the doll. Yuyuko continued to ignore her question, but looked at her, a deep penetrating look completely unlike the look that she had worn a few seconds ago. Cassandra froze and stared back into those piercing eyes, looking like a deer caught in the headlights. It only lasted for a few seconds, but when it ended, the doll was visibly shaken. Yuyuko was, of course, oblivious to what psychological scare she had given and continued to muse on the issue of the attached soul, her usual ditsy look back on her face.


"It's as I thought," she said to herself. Then to the doll she added, "Hey, talking doll thingy, I know how to fix your problem... Huh? What's wrong?"


Yuyuko caught sight of Cassandra just as she had pulled her wits back together. After that look, she just wanted to leave. It seeme that the queen of the Netherworld really was someone to reckon with. So, with these thoughts in mind, the doll put on a shaky smile and said politely, "Uh, nothing's wrong. So how do I get back to my real body?"


"When I looked into your soul," explained Yuyuko, "I saw an imbalance in its elements. You just need someone to restore the balance and your soul will no longer be attached to the doll."


Cassandra took this information in and, just for clarification, asked a few more questions.


"By elements, you mean...?"


"I mean fire, water, wood, metal, and earth. The five elements that make up everything in this world."


"And when the balance is restored, then what?"


"Then you simply have someone separate your soul from the doll and it will automatically seek out its original body."


"That's it?"


"Yup."


A short silence followed as the two of them looked at each other with nothing to say before Yuyuko broke the silence, showing her ditsy side yet again.


"Would you like something to eat before you leave?"


"I'm a doll..."


"Oh, right."

Cassandra stepped outside of the mansion and was surprised to see the two magicians waiting outside, sitting on the steps to the entrance. Wasn't Youmu supposed to be watching them? As waited, Alice was playing with two of her dolls, a strange sight since she looked much too old to be playing with things like dolls. Marisa was reading something, probably another weird book on magic. They looked up when the independent doll stepped outside. Alice put away her dolls while Marisa continued to sit and read, apparently caught up with something in the text.


"So how'd it go?" inquired Alice, standing up and trying get the witch to stop reading. Marisa nudged her poking finger away with a grunt and continued reading.


"Yuyuko's weird... and scary," Cassandra commented, "But at least she knew a solution. Do you two know someone who can manipulate the elements?"


Marisa chuckled a little bit before answering, "The person I borrowed this book from has the elements practically working for her."


Alice sighed. To Cassandra she said, "Whenever Marisa says 'borrow' she really means 'steal'. She stole that book from someone named Patchouli..."


"So our chances of getting her help is..."


"Not so great."


Alice and the doll turned to Marisa with annoyed frowns. In reply, Marisa looked back from behind her book's front cover with a stupid grin on her face.


"What?"

Before they left, Cassandra remembered that there were some questions she had wanted to ask earlier. Of course, some of the answers she wanted were probably more intriguing than others so she limited herself to just two of the more pressing questions.


"Say Alice, why was Youmu working for someone in the Netherworld? Isn't she a living person?"


"Oh that?" replied Alice, "She's not really living or dead. Or maybe she is... I don't really know. She's half ghost and half human, which I'm sure you can grasp is strange even in this place."


"Half living and half dead? How's that possible?"


"Beats me."


"Huh... and who's this Sakuya who I heard helped that shrine maiden and this crazy witch defeat Yuyuko and Youmu?"


"Oh her? I don't think I need to explain to you since you'll probably meet her soon," said Alice mysteriously. Then to Marisa she added, "You done reading that stupid book yet? We have to get going!"


Soon, the three were back in the world of the living and on their way to their next and hopefully last destination. Most likely, if they failed to do as Yuyuko had instructed, Cassandra would be out of time. As soon as they crossed the border between the two worlds, the two magicians seemed to know exactly where they were going. Naturally, the doll wanted to know the place they were headed to so she decided to shout over the screaming of the passing wind again.


"Where... are... we... going... now?!" she yelled word by word, just barely managing to get them intelligible over the constant roaring in their ears.


One of them replied back, though it was impossible to discern who it was. The voice sounded like it was being filtered through a bad car radio, the wind acting like static, almost completely drowning out whoever was trying to answer her question. Cassandra thought she caught the words "Scarlet Devil" and hoped that she had heard wrong. Going to the Netherworld was bad enough, going to hell to meet the devil was going to be excruciatingly horrible. It wasn't surprising that the doll let out a sigh of relief when they landed in front of another giant mansion rather than a giant fiery pit.


Of course, like everything else in this strange magical world, something about this mansion was irregular. It wasn't something like the atmosphere back at Yuyuko's mansion, it was something more obvious - the whole outside of the mansion was painted a deep blood red. The shingles on the roof, the main double-door entrance, the giant gate that stood a few hundred feet in front of the main entrace, everything about it was a dark shade of scarlet.


Well it seems I heard the word "scarlet" correctly, thought Cassandra, but what about the "devil" part?


As soon as the three alighted on the stone path, several yards from the main gate, the gates opened and another young looking girl, maybe in her twenties, dressed in a blue French maid uniform stepped out. The gates swung back closed, leaving the new stranger to greet the three of them. Except that it didn't seem like she was there to greet them. She closed her eyes and shook her head as she saw who it was that had arrived, the two braids of her short messy silver hair waving in unison as well. When she opened her eyes again, Cassandra noticed that this person's eyes were also vermilion.


"I'm surprised you didn't sneak in through the back this time, Marisa," remarked the maid, slowly stepping closer and closer, "Well whatever, that just makes my job easier."


"Your job?" asked Marisa with a hint of confusion on her face, "What happened to that stupid Chinese doorguard?"


"She's being disciplined right now for her incompetence," explained the stranger, "Too many people have gone through her this past week so while the mistress is... correcting her, I've been assigned to watch the gate. Now, leave at once or I'll force you to leave."


Geez, what is with this place? Does everyone here have superpowers or something? I mean, how does one maid hope to stop two magicians? wondered Cassandra. Luckily, Alice with her even-mindedness prevented yet another fight from breaking out.


"Sakuya, there's a reason why we arrived at the front instead of sneaking in through the back."


Oh, that's Sakuya? It makes a bit more sense now, I guess. If she helped, she must be pretty powerful too. But what kind of powers does she have?


"Oh? And that would be...?"


"To show you that we had nothing to hide. We have some urgent business with Patchouli and need to talk to her."


"Really now? I don't think Miss Knowledge would want anything to do with you two, especially since you two includes Marisa."


"What if I promise to watch Marisa carefully? And to be fair, if anything is found missing after our visit, I'll pay for it either with money or work. How's that?"


Marisa's ears perked when she heard that Alice would pay for any missing items. That would mean that she could take whatever she wanted and not face any consequences. She grinned evilly in spite of herself, drawing the attention of the doll. In a low voice, so that Sakuya couldn't hear, she said to Marisa, "What are you smiling about? I'm going to be watching you too, you know. I don't want us getting kicked out before I'm cured because of you."


"Ah, what a jip."


Meanwhile, Sakuya was considering Alice's offer. She seemed ambivalent about it as either way, there would be consequences. If she said no, there would most likely be a fight and she was outnumbered. And if she lost the fight, they would enter the mansion anyway and if anything were stolen, there was no guarantee for recompense. On the other hand, she didn't really have the authority to say yes. There could be severe punishments waiting for her if she let these people in. Actually, when she thought about it, the mistress would probably be angry either way so it was just a matter of which choice would incur less wrath.


"I suppose I can let you in under those conditions... but be sure to take extra care in watching her. She has an eye for expensive objects and you may end up severely in debt if you stick to your promise," warned Sakuya as she turned to open the gates and to lead the two magicians to the library where Patchouli Knowledge, the elemental master, resided.


"Thank you," said Alice as she grabbed Marisa's arm with the intention of not letting go until they left the mansion again.


Marisa rolled her eyes and said less enthusiastically, "Yeah, thanks..."


"Thanks a lot!"


Sakuya hesitated, turned around, and looked for the source of the third voice. She saw nothing until she tilted her head down where she saw what looked like a very small human smiling back at her. She tilted her head questioningly and said, "Alice, your doll..."


"Huh? Oh, that's the urgent business I was talking about. It takes too long to explain and we're short on time so please just ask Patchouli afterwards. That doll is harmless so just ignore it."


"O...kay," Sakuya said hesitantly before swinging open the gates and leading the three to the library.

"Wow, this place is huuuuuuge!" exclaimed Cassandra as they followed the maid, "It didn't look this big from the outside."


After entering the mansion, they had gone through two giant rooms and were now walking down a seemingly endless hallway. Already they had passed at least ten doors that led to ten different rooms. The inside of the mansion was decorated very much like the outside, all red. To be fair, they were different shades of red - the floor was carpeted with a dark vermilion, the walls were painted a pale pink, and the ceiling was an almost brownish burgandy. Another irregularity that Cassandra hadn't noticed before was that this mansion had no windows whatsoever. In every room they had been in, the only light came from overhead gas lamps and table candles.


"It doesn't look this big from the outside because it isn't this big from the outside," explained Marisa, "It confused me too the first time I was here, but it made more sense when I found out what the head maid's specialty was."


"What's the head maid's specialty?"


"Sakuya can manipulate space and time," Alice replied, "Which I guess makes her the most efficient maid in the world."


"Wait, how does a someone with that kind of an ability end up working as a maid?"


"Well... the mistress of this particular mansion has an ability that transcends time. She can manipulate fate. I guess you can say that Sakuya is fated to work here forever."


"Hey!" Sakuya called out from the front, "Don't talk about me like I'm not even here!"


"Uhhh... hahaha," Cassandra laughed nervously, "Sorry."


"Whatever," replied the head maid, waving off the apology, "We've arrived." 
Right as she said that, Sakuya threw open a door and a giant, completely filled bookcase that reached from the ground all the way to the twenty-foot-high ceiling blocked the view from the rest of the room. Alice, who was still holding Marisa tightly by the arm, and Cassandra stepped in while Sakuya excused herself to do her duties and shut the door behind them. The doll looked around and saw that the walls were lined with similar bookcases. As the three of them wandered about, Cassandra realized how this ridiculously large library was arranged. All the walls were lined with bookshelves and the center of the room was filled with rows and rows of even more bookshelves. All of them were completely full of books of all types.


"How are we supposed to find Patchouli in this huge maze of books?" asked the doll.


"Good question," said Marisa, "Usually when I'm here, my goal is to not find her."


"Isn't she usually sitting at a table somewhere in here just reading all day?" asked Alice, "I'm pretty sure if we wander around a bit, we'll run into her."


"If we split up-"


"I'm NOT letting go of you, Marisa."


"Fine, fine."


"Whoever's making all that noise, either leave or be quiet. This is a library," said a voice that seemed to be coming from only a few rows down. Marisa and Alice looked at each other and shut up. The three of them made their way to where they thought they heard the voice from and indeed found who they were looking for. At the opposite end of the room from the entrance, there was a break in the pattern of bookshelves with just enough room for a small wooden desk that was piled with books. At the desk sat a purple haired someone wearing what looked a lot like a pink nightgown and nightcap. The cap had a yellow moon ornament attached to it that reflected what poor lighting there was in the library. This person was reading something by candlelight, but looked up as the trio approached. Her expression was indifferent and looked like she was perpetually bored with everything.


"Oh, it's you Marisa. Here to 'borrow' more books or are you actually going to return something?"


"If you can't tell, Patchouli, it's a little tough to borrow books when there's a crazy doll fanatic latched onto your right arm as well as an independent doll watching your every move so that you don't get them thrown out."


"Independent doll, you say? That explains the other missing book. Judging from what you said, I assume that it was successful? May I have that book back then?"


"...No."


"Then I'm afraid that I'm not going to help you. That is why you're here, is it not?"


Cassandra whined in the high-pitched voice yet again, "Marisa! It's just a stupid book!"


"Actually," interrupted Alice, "I brought the book so it's not Marisa's say."


Marisa blew up at that, "Hey! I'm the one who acquired that book! What do you mean it's not my say?!"


"Obviously I mean I'm giving it to Patchouli anyway. What else are you going to do with it? Create an independent doll for yourself?" retorted Alice. She pulled the book out from some hidden place in her dress and placed it carefully on one of the large stacks of books on Patchouli's desk. Marisa groaned and looked really unhappy about the whole thing, but luckily, she didn't do anything else. Patchouli got to a good stopping point in her book and bookmarked it before closing it gently and setting it down. Alice got a glimpse of the title, A Therapist's Guide to Nonlinear Dynamics and Therapeutic Change, before Patchouli began talking with the same passive expression.


"My mind was set on not giving my help when I realized that you people wanted it, especially because Marisa was one of you. However, since this is actually the first time I've ever received something back from her, I've changed my mind. With some luck, this will also be a good incentive for her to return at some of the other books. So, please tell me exactly what needs my help."


"You're seriously going to help?" asked Marisa skeptically, "Just because of one lousy book? Maybe I will return some more books. But Alice, you owe me two things now!"


"What? Why?"


"You promised me something for helping you create the independent doll and now you used one of my books to get Patchouli to help. Two things."


Alice sighed and shook her head, "You know, Marisa? You're way too greedy for your own good..."


Patchouli watched as this little exchange went on, her inquiry on the situation ignored. She sat back down behind her desk and opened her book again saying off-handedly, "Well, if you're not going to say anything..."


Cassandra somehow climbed her way on the desk and stood on the book before Patchouli could really get back into it and stared at her. The librarian regarded the doll, still with the same bored expression. The two of them could still hear Alice and Marisa arguing about who owed how much, but ignored them as they started a small conversation of their own.


"I suppose it's safe to assume that you're the independent doll they spoke of."


"Yup, and I suppose it's safe to assume that you're the elemental magic user that I heard about."


"Most likely. Do you happen to know why they came here if it wasn't to take more of my books?"


"Actually, yeah I do. It involves me. Do you know how to control the balance of the elements in a soul?"


"I don't think I've ever manipulated the elements in something intangible like that. Why?"


"Because I need to send my soul back to where it belongs in less than one hour or else my real body will die, but my soul seems to have been altered when those two summoned it to this doll. Someone informed me that my soul's elements were unbalanced and had to be fixed before it can be released from this doll."


Patchouli's expression changed ever so slightly, but it seemed that she was thinking now, trying to remember something. Absently, she closed the bookmarked book that Cassandra was still standing on, surprising the doll and forcing her to jump off rather quickly. The librarian stood up again and walked off in what seemed to be an arbitrary direction in the library. Cassandra was still on the desk and decided to sit down on one the edge facing the two still-arguing magicians. Their voices were getting pretty loud now and were even echoing around in the usually silent library. Soon, Patchouli came back with another book in her hands. As she passed the bickering two, she gave a cold disapproving glare before reassuming her usual passive face.


As she took her seat at her desk again, Cassandra stood up and went over to the end of the surface. Patchouli opened the book and placed it down in front of her, narrowly missing the doll. Cassandra was now between the edge of the desk closest to the elementalist and the edge of the book, still standing. The title of this book was The Anthology of Souls, a title that seemed vaguely familiar to Cassandra. Both the doll and librarian were reading the book but only one was getting anything out of it. As soon as Cassandra was done reading one paragraph, Patchouli was already turning the page and reading the next, apparently trying to find something in this book. Also, Patchouli was apparently not disturbed by the racket the two other magicians were causing but Cassandra certainly was. Eventually, Patchouli closed the book again and spoke to the doll again.


"I've found what I need to know. I've found out how the elements affect a human soul. Fire is the stubbornness of the soul, how tightly it clings to its current body. Water is the speed at which a soul flows through the world from one body to another. Wood is the speed at which the soul takes root in the body. Earth is the durability of the soul, how easily it perishes without a body. And finally, metal is the flexibility of the soul, what it can be attached to and still form a consciousness."


Cassandra tilted her head, resting it on her palm as she took it all in. As preposterous as it all sounded, it somehow rang true in her ears. Deducing what was imbalanced in her soul was easy then. She said to Patchouli, "Then, that means my soul has too much fire doesn't it? Reimu tried to exorcise my soul out but it clung to the doll and just knocked me out for a little while."


"I suppose so then," replied Patchouli, "But this doesn't change the fact that I have no experience in changing the balance in a soul."


"Can't you at least try?"


"We don't know what will happen if I fail. I may disrupt the balance further or even destroy your soul completely."


Cassandra considered this and gulped. Is it really worth risking my existence to get back to where I belong? she asked herself. Yet even asked she wondered this, she already knew the answer. There felt like a lump in her throat, if this doll even had a throat, but Cassandra forced herself to say, "I still want you to try."


"You are sure?"


This time she couldn't even speak. She nodded. Patchouli, still with that indifferent look, began her spell. Cassandra expected a bit more... chanting or something for a spell like this, but there were no incantations at all. Instead Patchouli closed her eyes and lifted her right hand palm forward, concentrating in spite of the argument still taking place in front of her desk. In a few seconds, a faint outline of a blue disk appeared at her outstretched palm and steadily grew brighter as more spiritual energy was concentrated there. Eventually the brilliance from the librarian's palm was bright enough to attract the attention of Marisa and Alice who finally stopped the argument that had apparently gone way off topic anyway. The blue disk of energy seemed to fade back and Cassandra thought that perhaps it had gone wrong before it had even started yet, but no. The disk wasn't fading, it was focusing. The light at Patchouli's palm expanded and the energy concentrated themselves into moving lines until it was quite apparent that it was a rotating magic circle made purely of bluish energy.


Marisa looked at that magic circle with disgust, mostly because the only times she saw it was when Patchouli was trying to chase her out with torrents of freezing water, disks of sharp metal, raging infernos, and the like. But this time, it was being used differently. The circle condensed itself into a tiny point of intense light which glowed so brightly that it was no longer possible to tell that it was blue. This tiny ball separated itself from Patchouli's hand and penetrated the doll into the place where its heart would have been. Cassandra gasped as it entered and felt something within her changing. It was an uncomfortable feeling, having her soul being altered in strange ways, but it didn't knock her out like Reimu's attempted exorcism had done. In a few moments, the unpleasant tingly sensation stopped and Patchouli opened her eyes again.


"Did it work?" asked Cassandra.


"I don't know," replied Patchouli, "The only way to tell is to try to separate your soul from your current body again."


"Back to Reimu's then!" exclaimed Marisa with a grin on her face, apparently already forgetting the huge fight she had just had with Alice, "We can have her perform another exorcism."


"Reimu's going to complain about setting it up again," remarked Alice, sighing. Under her breath she added, "And I'm still only giving you one thing."


As Cassandra thanked Patchouli for her efforts and as they got ready to leave the mansion for Reimu's again, the four of them heard the door open and the voice of a really young person call out into the library.


"Mariiiiisaaaaa~! I know I heard you! Let's play again!"


Alice had a look of disgust on her face as she listened to the voice.


"Oh, no... is that who I think it is?"


Patchouli looked up from the book that she had started reading again.


"It sounds like the mistress's little sister let herself out of her room again."


"Hey Patchouli, shouldn't you do something about her?" demanded Marisa, "I really don't feel like doing her type of playing right now."


The librarian shrugged and buried her face in the book again, "She's been more well-behaved lately so the mistress doesn't mind as much when she escapes from her room."


The head of a cute little fair-haired girl poked out from behind the closest bookshelf and lit up when she saw Marisa. Her eyes were a scary-looking red and when she smiled at finding the blond witch, she revealed teeth that looked suspiciously like fangs. Sitting on her head was a weird-looking poofy hat that was colored pink.


"Aha! Found you!" she declared as the rest of her body appeared from behind the bookcase and ran up to hug Marisa. As the girl wrapped her arms around the embarrassed witch, Cassandra took a good look at her. She was fairly short with a small frame and her body had definitely not even started the maturation process that came with age. She looked to be about ten or eleven years old. Her clothing were pretty simple, just a red dress that was exactly the same color has her eyes and a yellow bow that was tied around the pink collar of the dress. However, the most prominent feature of this girl was what was sticking out of her back.


What the heck are those? Wings? wondered Cassandra. Indeed they were wings, but they were the strangest looking wings that anyone or anything could possibly have. Each wing was comprised of just one black spindly protruberance with seven prisms each colored a different color of the rainbow. It looked doubtful that this person could fly with those wings. As the girl released Marisa from her arms, she inquired excitedly, "So why are you here today Marisa? Is it because you remember my birthday?"


"Uhhhh, yeah," replied the witch hesistantly, "Happy four hundred and ninety... sixth birthday?"


"Yay! You even remembered my age!" exclaimed the "young" girl. Then, she spotted the doll sitting on Patchouli's desk and pointed at it, asking, "Is that my present?"


Cassandra, who was up until now content on watching this play out by itself without her, hopped off of the desk and indignantly answered the hyperactive girl herself, "I am not your present! Who in the world are you anyway?"


"What do you mean who am I?" demanded the girl in the same indignant tone. She then said arrogantly, "I am Flandre Scarlet, the little sister of the vampiric mistress of this mansion."


Then, quite suddenly, Flandre's mood went into full reverse and her face lit up and became all excited again, "Wait a minute.. No way! The doll just talked!" She rushed over to the doll and picked up to examine it, very much in the same way that Alice did just two and a half hours ago. As expected, Cassandra started screaming again, "Hey! What are you...! Put me down you little brat!!!"


Having no success with persuading Flandre, the doll turned to the other three instead, "Patchouli? Alice? Marisa? Someone help me!!"


Patchouli looked up for a moment before continuing her reading, Alice looked away and pretended not to hear anything, and Marisa just looked on with sympathy. No one tried to interfere and Cassandra resigned to just shouting at Flandre again. Eventually, it seemed to get boring for the little sister and she sort of tossed the doll over her head where it landed head first on the ground.


"Ah, that's boring. All it does is yell at me."


"Ummm yeah," answered Alice, "So why don't we just leave it alone?"


"Hmmm... but it called me names, I want to sort of destroy it now."


Cassandra pulled herself up, muttering to herself, and looked up to see Flandre with an insane grin on her face standing over her. In one of her hands was something that looked like a spear that seemed to have come out of nowhere. It looked like it was made of fire.


"Uhhh, Flandre," she heard Marisa saying, "Maybe you shouldn't overreact so much..."


The vampire girl raised the fiery weapon up over her head and the doll ran off screaming.


"AHHHHHHH!!!!"


Cassandra made a run for the door to the hallway but found that Flandre had closed the door behind her when she had entered. However, when she looked behind her she didn't see the psycho girl and breathed a sigh of relief. The relief didn't last very long. Suddenly, crazed laughter sounded from above the doll, and she looked up to see Flandre diving at her with the spear. Somehow she was able to get the thought in, Wow, those really are wings, before she realized that she was in danger and ran off at full speed again. Cassandra somehow found her way back to Marisa, Alice, and Patchouli who still refused to do anything. As she ran by, she heard Alice say, "Sorry, but we value our lives..."


"Weeeeeeeee! This is fun!" shouted Flandre, "Why don't we finish this?!"


As the doll made its way around the library fearfully, she found herself in a narrow corridor formed by two long bookcases on either side. As she ran down it, Flandre appeared on the side she was running towards, causing her to skid to a stop and promptly turn around to run in the opposite direction. Unfortunately, two more Flandres were coming down the corridor from that end and one more was swooping around above.


What the... There's no way to escape!


All four clones smirked as they noticed Cassandra's consternation. In unison, all four of them giggled and spoke in a single voice, "How do you like my Four of a Kind spellcard? Not much I guess. Well, nice meeting ya."


All four of them threw their fire spears at the doll who screamed as they came into contact with her from four different directions.

Thousands of miles away, a girl woke up with beads of sweat running down her forehead. Her pink covers were disheveled from her sudden jerking as she sat up after waking up from a frightening dream. To her side, on her little bedstand, a radio clock was alerting her to the new school day.


Beep. Beep. Beep.


The teenage girl rubbed the sleep out of her blue eyes and pushed the dream to the back of her mind. It was the first day of school after winter break, she had more important things to worry about. She glanced at her clock with one eye as she yawned, still rubbing the other in a lame attempt to feel more awake. It displayed three numbers, 7:42.


"No way! I'm gonna be late to first period!"


Quickly she dressed herself in a randomly picked yellow t-shirt and jeans and threw a yellow sweatshirt over herself before rushing into the bathroom to do whatever it is that girls do before going to school. It was 7:56 when she flew out the door and sped off to school in her car, skipping breakfast. The bell rang as she was hurrying up the second flight of stairs to the third floor where her English class was. She groaned and slowed down, slowly trudging up the remaining steps. As she opened the door to the classroom, thirty pairs of eyes turned to watch the late student walk in. The teacher smiled pleasantly while taking out a slip of paper and filling it in and at the same time saying, "Well Cassandra, this seems to be your second tardy. Why are you late this time?"


"Sorry Mrs. Kalluia, I overslept," she replied as she sat down at her desk.


I think...

A witch, a doll maker, a librarian, and a vampire stood over a small crater in a library where a doll had been just a few moments ago. The witch squatted down to take a look and saw nothing that resembled a part of a doll remaining. Standing back up, she cocked an eyebrow at the vampire, "Was that really necessary Flandre?"


"Not really," replied Flandre, looking rather pleased with herself, "But it sure was fun!"


Alice looked sullenly at the crater, her masterpiece nowhere to be seen.


"That doll took a long time to make... and I was hoping to reuse it when we got that soul out."


"Is that all you're thinking about?" asked Marisa, "Don't you wonder what happened to Cassandra?"


Patchouli stopped reading the book that she had brought along again and said indifferently, "Most likely her soul was released when the doll was destroyed. She's probably back in her own body now."


"Are you sure?"


"I said most likely. Can you leave now? I'd like to continue reading in peace."


Flandre immediately ran out of the library screaming, "Yay! I'm going to help big sis with correcting the doorguard!"


Alice could still hear the crazy little girl yelling from somewhere on the second floor as she walked out of the mansion still dragging Marisa by the arm. Once they passed the gates, she finally let go and declared, "Come on Marisa. Let's go back to my place and make a new independent doll!"


"Heh, you're still not going to give up after that huge mess?"


"Of course not! And this time it'll work for sure!"


"Yeah that's what you said last time, but I'll help anyway."


"On the account of the usual?"


"Of course! You now owe me three things Alice!"


Marisa smirked and Alice grinned back and with that the two friend flew off to that little house full of dolls in the woods to work on their next strange little project. 
"Go out to the human world and buy me these computer parts."

Kaguya had given Reisen these orders and a written note to Yukari to allow her to pass freely between Gensokyo and the world of humans. 
Reisen had taken her first steps into the human world with great apprehension. Marisa had give her a spell to make her look like a normal human, but even so, she feared her lack of experience would give her away as something other than human.

Fortunately, the town she had entered turned out to be less than superstitious, and she was taken for a foreigner. By showing the list of parts to different passerby, she had eventually made her way to the electronics district. 
Seeing an entire row of stores all displaying computers, she decided that she may as well enter the first one she saw.

An electronic chime sounded as she passed into the first store.

"Welcome! What can I help you with today?" A small woman had shuffled up to her, smiling widely.

"Ah...I am here to purchase these parts..." Reisen showed her the list.

"Ah! Then you have come to the right place! Here let me get the items for you."

'This won't be so hard after all,' Reisen thought to herself. Within minutes, a box brimming with circuits and boards had been collected.

"How much do I owe you for this?"

"10,000."

"Ah is that so..." Reisen checked the wallet Kaguya had given her.

"Ahhh! This isn't nearly enough! That's not even a quarter of what you need, you should come back when you can actually afford these things, instead of collecting these things for nothing!" 
The little woman promptly kicked her out of the store. Reisen became increasingly distraught as she wandered the stores, finding nothing that was any more affordable than before.

"Aahhh, what will I do? I can't possibly return empty-handed," she thought.

It seemed she had reached the end of the row of stores, and she had nearly decided to turn around when she saw a tiny door in an alleyway. This too was advertised as a computer equipment shop, but there was no display window.

Quite desperate now, Reisen decided that it was worth a go. 
As she opened the door, a pair of brass bells jingled quietly, which was pleasant in comparison to the noise of the displays and gadgets she had passed in the other stores.

The shop consisted of a single room about the size of a convenience store, and instead of computers on display, it was simply shelves filled with boxes.

Yet, no one was manning the cash register. Has she come in during closing time?

"Hello?" she called out carefully. There was no answer, but as she drew near the back of the store, she heard electronic noises coming from a door slightly open in the back wall. 
Curious, she peeked into the darkness behind the door. Unable to see anything, she opened the door, allowing the sliver of light to expand and illuminate the room.

"Hel....lo?!"

She stood dumbfounded by what lay before her. Gutted computers were strewn about the floor, boards with circuits were connected by wires that ran from wall to wall. The electronic noises were from a sautering iron, and a figure was hunched over a larger pile of electronic refuse. Every few seconds, its goggles and messy hair were lit by a blue light, and she made out the face of a young man, staring intently at circuity. 
A few minutes passed as she watched in awe before she recalled the reason she had entered the store in the first place. Drawing herself together, she took in a breath.

"Uhm...excuse me!"

The sautering abruptly stopped, and the blue light stopped flickering. The young man looked up, or it seemed that he might even be a boy, and he seemed almost alien now that his eyes weren't visible behind the round, green lenses of his goggles. His blank expression slowly became one of genuine surprise.

"Oh...Oh my!"

There was a sudden cacophony of clattering as the boy rushed to push all the boards out of the middle of the floor, and in a few moments he approached Reisen, pulling the goggles off his head.

Reisen noted that he had a bushy chestnut mop that nearly obscured his eyebrows and completely obscured his ears. Clearly he rarely trimmed his hair, but all the same there was a natural look to it. As she began to wonder why she noticed such a thing, she found that she was being ushered out of the room.

"I'm terribly sorry for making you come fetch me; I rarely get customers so I've become lax in attending the store."

Reisen allowed herself to be gently pushed to the other side of the register, and the boy stood opposite her, not dusting his hands off on his blue hoodie. There was a streak of black grease on his chin, but he didn't seem to notice.

"Well then, I am Heuro, and I manage this small store," said the boy, or rather it seemed he was a young man now, as he drew himself to his full height and smiled. "Thank you for not taking something from my shelves and simply leaving as you might have done!"

He said this in such a cheerful tone, that it seemed to mismatch his scatterbrained appearance, and Reisen couldn't help but laugh lightly. 
"So then, what can I get for you?" said Heuro, his face settling into a neutral smile. It was a lot more relaxing than the obsequious manner of the other salesmen.

"I...well, I'm actually not sure, but I need parts for a computer." Reisen held out the parts list.

"Ah, that's quite fortunate," said Heuro thoughtfully as he took the list. He continued to speak as his eyes looked over the list. "People who just want a computer buy it from the swindlers in the main street."

He nodded twice to himself, and handed the list back to Reisen.

"People who want to build a computer that actually works like it's meant to come to me." 
Reisen opened her mouth to protest, as she had to at least forewarn Heuro of her lack of cash, but he had already started wheeling a ladder noisily around the shelves, placing parts into a box he held under his arm. Within moments, he had thumped a box of parts on the desk by the register. Reisen feared that this would become a repeat of her experience in the first store.

"Umm...Heuro-san, I'm sorry I didn't tell you sooner, but I only have 200, and I don't think it's possible for me to get any more. Nevertheless, if there is some way for me to earn these parts, please tell me so."

There was a profound silence as Heuro gently stroked his chin as he stared at Reisen. It was unnecessarily tense, as she feared that her "eyes" might cause trouble if Heuro stared to hard. Yet, she did her best to return his stare.

"Very well," he said suddenly, lifting the box and thrusting it into her arms. "I will accept your payment for these parts."

Reisen nearly lost her balance, and was about to take a step backward when she couldn't; Heuro still hadn't let go of the box, and she jerked back towards him. His face was inches from hers, wearing a very intense expression.

"However!" he said, ominously. "You must help me out in this store. I repair computers here on my own, and I don't have the funds to actually hire someone."

Reisen considered for a moment before nodding. She had actually attempted to offer to work for the other stores, but they would have none of it when the heard she had no technical experience. This was an incredibly convenient trade. 
"And," Heuro continued, "You must take me to meet your friends so I can give publicity to my shop."

Reisen's eyes widened. "Heuro-san, that's...!"

Indeed, humans did live in Gensokyo. But a human from the outside world entering Gensokyo? Reisen doubted she could get permission for that.

"Or else the deal is off," said Heuro flatly.

There was no choice. Reisen sighed. Even if it turned out to be a lie, she had to agree to these terms.

"I understand, Heuro-san." She felt her heart drop as she felt Heuro let go of the box of computer parts. She looked up at him long enough to see him nod approvingly, and turned to carry the box out the door. As she crossed the threshold, Heuro's voice stopped her.

"I nearly forgot!"

She looked over her shoulder at Heuro's face, which had returned to its disarming smile.

"What's your name, miss...?"

"Ah..." she smiled weakly. "Call me Reisen."

"See you tomorrow then, Reisen."

And so Reisen left to return to Gensokyo, pondering all the way back how she could request for Heuro to enter Gensokyo, or if perhaps there was a way for her to avoid that at all. 
I had the biggest headache. With every heartbeat, I felt as if a sledgehammer was slamming into my head. I opened my mouth to groan and got a mouthful of dirt. Flipping over painfully, I spat out the crap in mouth and tried groaning again. It came out almost like a whimper. I opened my eyes and was greeted by the brilliant noon sun, shining from in between countless tree canopies. As I got the feeling back in my body, I realized that my legs were cushioned by something that probably shouldn't be there - something... soft.


Curious and somewhat fearful, I rolled over again and tried to get to my feet. However, the best I could do was get to a kneeling position. Looking over, I saw a girl. Judging from the position of everything, I seemed to have fallen from someplace up high and landed on her. She was lying unconcious on the floor in a spread-eagle position, with a white, shapless blob next to her and had pale blue, almost white, hair and wore a dark green and white dress with a little black bow and matching hair ribbon. I recognized the girl immediately.


What the hell? Youmu? This has got to be a dream. Yeah... 'cause I'm still unconscious. I think...


Something metallic was sticking out of the ground next to the girl. One of her swords? ...No, both of hers were still sheathed from what I could see. It looked like the sword I tripped over before this dream started. Painfully and very carefully, I got up to inspect it. Half the blade was imbedded in the dirt next to Youmu's head. The handle was very badly wrapped in a red cloth and the blade was unsharpened; it was definately my own. I pulled on the handle to get it out of the dirt and it came rather easily.


And then a sort of a groan came from Youmu, and she woke up. With my blade in her face. Her eyes opened and she looked from my face to the sword five inches from her throat and I realized just how badly this could be misunderstood. Before I could do or say anything, she drew Hakurouken, her shorter sword, deflected my katana, and sort of flipped backwards from the ground to a standing position several meters away, all in a single flowing movement. Then, she slowly and deliberately drew the longer sword, Roukanken, and positioned herself into her familiar stance. Myon, the white blob that was her ghost half, was hovering close by.


"What a folly to challenge me! I'll make you regret that you didn't kill me earlier!"


Oooooohhhhhhhhhh, crap...


I had enough time to lift my horribly unbalanced and most likely useless sword before the battle "officially" started. Youmu attacked first, but not in the way I expected. I had expected her to run and attempt to slice me with one of her two blades, but instead she held her ground while her swords started glowing. Then, with speed faster than my eyes could follow, she slashed the air in front of her in a star-shaped pattern and hundreds of bright blue and yellow spheres of pure energy poured out of the tip of the weapon towards me. I was unfortunately enough for this to be my first battle where death threatened me and so, I froze when I saw the overwhelming power heading in my direction.


Without thinking, I dived to the side behind a tree. Countless blasts shook the tree I was hiding behind. Clenching my own sword, I repeated in my head over and over, It's just a dream. I'm not going to die. It's just a dream. I'm not going to die. and jumped out from behind my shield. Again, Youmu seemed to slash open the air and orbs of destructive energy poured out at me, but I was ready for them this time, sorta. Using what little agility I had gained from my high school P.E. classes, I avoided the strangely familiar... bullet pattern?


This is just like the Youmu's first attack in Perfect cherry Blossom... I can do this...


Or not. A searing pain in my arm told me that I had just jumped right into some of the energy. It was the end of that particular volley and I was able to see Youmu as she prepared for another attack, her sword glowing pale blue. She smiled menacingly at me and I decided it would be best if I sought cover this time and went behind another tree, and out of her view. The place I was hit was still burning. I looked at the spot and didn't see any wounds of any sort.


I was hit and it hurts. This isn't a dream after all. Now that I think about it, I was hurting when I woke up...


As I thought, I heard Youmu's voice echo thoughout the forest, "Are you going to hide all day?!"


How am I supposed to reply to that?


"I'll end it now if you want!"


She was toying with me. I could hear her voice getting louder as she got closer and closer. Her footsteps were more and more apparent with every step she took, accented with crunching leaves.


She's going to find me! I've got to move!


But too late, she came from behind a tree a meter away from me and spotted me.


"There! Human Sign 'Slash of Present'!"


I held up my blade in a futile attempt to block her attack but realized it was a spellcard a moment later - a moment too late. There was a flash of light as she accelerated forward with blinding speed and put all her strength behind her slash. Somehow, it only hit my katana, but the impact made me lose my grip on it and sent me flying through the air. I saw the world upside down and my sword flying up to the ground in two pieces. After what seemed an eternity, I hit the dirt and rolled to a stop. My attacker was already over me with her sword at my throat when my mind finally made sense of what just happened.


"Now... who are you?"


What should I say? I can't find a way out of this!


I was about to stutter a reply out honestly, hoping that maybe I could straighten the misunderstanding that started my ass-kicking (I wouldn't call it a fight). However, something else happened before I could even say my name. A voice called out in the forest,


"Youmu~"


Youmu was very careful to keep me trapped against the dirt while she turned to see who it was. A bush on her left was shaking and a moment later, a strange-looking girl tumbled out of it. She wore a frilly blue and white dress and a night-cappish hat with a symbol that reminded me of the Dreamcast, which was sitting on her pink hair. Of course, I knew right away who she was since I cursed her many times before while playing a certain game... Youmu seemed very suprised to see her.


"Yuyuko-sama! What are you doing here?"


Yuyuko's here? I'M SAVED!


"Because you weren't here to make lunch. I could have starved to death if I didn't go looking for you. Oh... did you catch lunch?"


Both girls looked at me. Then, Youmu realized what her master meant.


"No! That's a human! I was held up because he attacked me... So what should I do with him?"


Again, both looked at me. Then, Yuyuko spoke up.


"We could invite him over for lunch."


WHAT?!?


"WHAT?! I don't mean to disrespect your wishes, but this person tried to kill me."


"But, you don't have a scratch on you... this person obviously can't hurt you."


"..."


"You could at least let such a harmless person go," Yuyuko looked at the remains of my sword, "Look his weapon is broken too."


"...if that is your wish."


Youmu finally sheathed her blade and let me up. My neck was stiff from lying on such a hard surface and my jeans were covered in a somewhat thick layer of dust. Yuyuko smiled at me.


"So would you like to join us for lunch?"


I thought for a moment and remembered where they lived.


"In the Netherworld? I'd rather not go there until I actually die..."


The moment I said "I'd rather not...", Yuyuko flew up into the air holding Youmu's hand and in the midst of her servant's protests that she could fly by herself, I heard her say, "Hurry up, Youmu. Let's get back quickly so we can eat."


I watched them fly away over the trees and realized something. Where the heck was I? It looked like a generic forest from any game I've played.


I should have asked for directions...


And as I thought to myself, my stomach growled. 
Trudging through the forest was definately not fun. The undergrowth wasn't very thick so I could sort of tell where I was going, but that didn't stop me from getting several cuts on my arms and legs anyway. My feet were sore from walking for several hours and my stomach still had no food in it. I really had no idea where I was going but staying in the forest wouldn't do much good, especially since I had no survival skills whatsoever. If I really was in Gensokyo, I could be in the Forest of Magic and maybe find Marisa's or Alice's house... though who knows what they would do if I tried to get help. Of course, since I'd never seen a map of Gensokyo, I could be in any forest and be near anything or nothing at all.


After about another half hour of fruitless walking, I finally decided to take a long overdue break. I sat down with my back against a tree and rested. My feet were hurting pretty badly, probably because I developed some blisters. As I sat, I pondered my situation.


If I don't find someone to help me soon, I'll pass out in the middle of nowhere and die... but I wonder if there even is somebody around here...


A small noise brought me out of my brooding and I turned towards it hopefully. A strange creature seemed to materialize before my eyes. It looked sort of like a human besides the fact that it was half my size and had transluscent wings, a fairy perhaps. We stared at each other for a couple seconds before I noticed that several more of them were appearing. Looking around, I saw maybe ten of them that looked almost identical to the first one. I stood up slowly, sensing that nothing good could come of a horde of fairies. After all, they did randomly attack the heroines in the game.


And I was right. At the exact same time, all of them (for lack of a better term) fired some bullets, each of which burning with an intensity that hurt my eyes. I, of course, was already running for my life in whatever direction there seemed to be the least things trying to kill me. Energy was flying in all directions, past me fortunately, and I could do nothing but keep running. A tree root snagged my foot and I ended up on the floor for the third time since I was randomly dropped into Gensokyo. A bright red blast flew right past where my head was a moment before I tripped as another hit the ground a few inches to the right of where I was. I scrambled to my feet and kept running.


Suddenly, there were no more trees and I was running up a ridiculously long flight of stairs. Turning back, I saw the tree line I just pasted along with a great deal of fairies still pursuing me. I looked towards the top of the stairs and almost yelled from frustration from the huge amount of steps still left from the top. I was steadily getting slower from weariness, but just then, several red talismans flew from the top of the stairs and seemed to home in on the individual fairies. As they hit their marks, the talismans shined a bright white and seemed to burn their targets and disintegrate them.


And looking back for the source of the life-saving attacks, I saw a shrine maiden walking down the steps.

"Haven't you heard that the best defense is a good offense? Running away only makes the situation worse when these sort of things are attacking you."


I was still sitting on the steps when she reached me, resting from the ordeal of traveling in the forest, not to mention the attacks and seemingly endless stairs.


"Well, what's the best defense if you have no good offense?"


She laughed and I was somewhat offended.


"What's so funny? I almost got killed like three times today."


"Nothing... it's just that everyone here must have some sort of magical power. Are you saying that you have none?"


I got up and started walking up the stairs, not looking at her. She walked just a little behind and to the side.


"This is Gensokyo, right? I'm from the outside world."


"... Seriously? That means I'm going to have to pay a certain someone a little visit again."


The way she said the last sentence made it sound like I messed up her plans for something... but that certain someone she was talking about...


"...Yukari Yakumo, right?"


She grabbed me to make me stop and asked, "Yes, how did you know? Are you truly from the outside world?"


"Oh, I know a lot of things about this place that I'm stuck in. I know the history of Gensokyo, as well as the residents, the youkai, the supernatural events that have happened almost every year, and probably most of the powerful people. I know that Yukari is one of the oldest and strongest and probably got bored and opened a boundry somewhere to see what would fall through. I know that the only chance I have of getting back is through another of her boundries which is not possible now because this is winter! And in case you're wondering, I know who you are too, Reimu."


The miko just stared at me during my little rant. Finally, she continued to go up to the courtyard of the shrine and I followed. The whole way up the stairs was silent. Finally, at the top, she remarked, "There's a part that you messed up back there. I'm stronger than Yukari."


I laughed, "Haha, you're right," but in my mind I thought to myself, Not according to my games. I suck at them...


We walked past a donation box and Reimu seemed disgruntled that I didn't put anything in.


"Sorry, but I don't have any money that you would be able to use," I said as I emptied my pockets and found a dollar bill and some coins, "Unless you want me to put this in anyway. It's no use to me now."


I dropped them in and she seemed at least a little satisfied with that and just said, "Well, this is the Hakurei Shrine. Do what you want here as long as you don't make me do any more work that I have to."


My stomach growled and I realized that I still hadn't eaten since last night (at home).


"Well I hope this isn't too much work then. Do you have anything I can eat? Any little bit is fine... And a bed for the night too...?"


She sighed and made a gesture for me to follow her into the shrine. 
Dinner was cold curry. It was probably cooked a while ago but it was still good. The bed I slept in for the night was actually an old futon in a corner, but at least it wasn't in the cold, on the hard dirt of the forest. Reimu, apparently not trusting me, set up plenty of barriers around my futon when I decided to go to sleep with some rather extreme reasons to do so, "How do I know that you're not a thief or a pervert or something? You should be thankful that I'm letting a complete stranger eat and sleep here."


So, not wanting to argue, I consented and fell asleep.


The next morning, the barriers were gone and Reimu was sitting outside drinking tea. I got up and walked outside, skipping breakfast like usual. Reimu turned around and smiled and I wondered why she was in such a good mood. Whatever it was, it didn't matter to me. I had to find a way to get back and hanging around at the shrine wasn't going to help.


"Well, I guess I better get going. Thanks for everything."


"Wait, you're leaving already?"


I was confused. Since when did she care who was leaving the shrine?


"Shouldn't you pay me back for all I've done for you? I think food, sleep, and uhh... your life is worth more than that money I didn't even recognize."


Oh, of course. She was going to sucker me into doing work for her. She did have a point but it was so obvious that she was trying to avoid working for herself.


"Oh, fine. What do I need to do to?"


Sometimes I think I'm too nice. She handed me a broom, still smiling "sweetly".


"Start sweeping. When you clean up the courtyard, I'll consider your debt paid back."


Since when did it become a debt?

The sun was past its highest point when something that broke the monotony of my job finally happened. Someone visited. She had light blue hair and wore a pinkish dress and a poofy cap which had suspicious red stains on them. She was also carrying a matching parasol. And she had bat wings.


Oh, man. It's Remilia. I hope Reimu doesn't let her bite me or something... she shouldn't... I hope...


"Hey, who are you?"


I sighed and turned from my work to face the newcomer. I'd rather work for another day than have an encounter with a vampire.


"Just a really unlucky person who Reimu kinda duped into doing her work."


"Oh... what's your blood type?"


What the... that's really random.


"...why would I tell a vampire my blood type?"


"Come on... telling me won't hurt you, will it?


Ugh, she whines like a little kid. Shouldn't living for several hundred years make someone more mature? "Fine. I'm type B."


"Ooo, my favorite. Too bad I already ate."


More information than I needed to know...


"Uhh... not bad for me, though. Please let me get back to work. You came to see Reimu, right?"


She shook her head and replied, "Not really. Just got bored sitting around in my mansion all day. There're only so many times I can see the head maid throw knives at the door guard. Talking to you isn't that interesting either. I guess I will see Reimu after all."


And she headed toward the shrine.


Gee. I guess vampires really are self-centered.


I had just gotten back to sweeping the grounds when someone yelled and all hell broke loose.


"You again!?"


And the vampire and the shrine maiden flew out of the shrine, magical energy flying in all directions, dissipating before they came within ten feet of the ground.


And I guess Reimu really doesn't want Remilia visiting the shrine...


About two seconds after the battle started, I realized that only the energy that Reimu attacked with had a limited range. Which meant that she didn't want to hit me with her magic or, more likely, she didn't want to damage her shrine. Remilia, on the other hand, had no qualms about hitting either.


"Scarlet Sign 'Scarlet Meister'!"


I had half a second to admire how beautiful three dimensional danmaku patterns were to the eye before I realized that a lot of the streams of red were heading towards me. So I did what any sensible person would do - run away... again (I was thinking about bombing though...). I took four steps and the stone behind me erupted. From up above, I heard the two shouting at each other.


"What are you doing?!"


"I know, I almost dropped my parasol and touched the sunlight when I activated that spellcard."


"No! You're destroying my shrine!"


I turned and saw Reimu weaving through an impossibly thick barrage. In another few seconds, the spellcard ran out of power and Reimu activated her own.


"You're asking for it! Spirit Sign 'Fantasy Orb'!"


A kaleidoscope of colors burst from both of her palms in a circle and accelerated forward at Remilia. Tracking projectiles being her opponents specialty, the vampire was hit by every single one of them. I watched as the winged girl fell out of the sky, through some trees, and onto the ground. Luckily for her, it was shady.


Geez, I think I'd rather be bored rather than be blasted with magic.


Reimu landed next to Remilia as I walked up as well.


"Well... do I have to clean this up, too?

Three people were at the lunch table today. I had finished my job (except for the giant crater Remilia made) an hour after the short but interesting battle. I was eating a small bowl of flavorless rice that Reimu made. Apparently, she wasn't a very good cook. I wondered who made the curry last night. Reimu was sitting around drinking tea as usual. In fact, I hadn't seen her ever without a teacup unless she was attacking something. She tried to act normally, but her body language said that she was really annoyed that the third person was still here. Remilia was eating at the table as well. She was also drinking "tea", though I really doubted that and the cake that she brought with her was suspiciously tinted red. I decided not to ask. I noticed something strange as I ate. Though she was the loser in the little match, Remilia did not look hurt in any way. I spent most of the lunch time wondering how magic killed without damaging the body.


Remilia broke the silence, "Why did you greet me with an attack?"


"Because everytime you come, something bad happens. This time, you blew a hole in my courtyard."


"That was your fault! You attacked first!"


"But I told you I don't like you to come here!"


I finished my rice and got up to leave.


"Where do you think you're going?"


"Somewhere that will have less risk of me getting hurt if you two decide to fight again."


And with that, I left the shrine and started down the steps to the forest. I'd rather take my chances in the forest than stay with two magic trigger happy people. Before I could leave though, I heard Reimu.

"Hey! Aren't you forgeting something?"


I thought for a moment. Was I forgeting something?


"Ummmm... no?"


"Are you that forgetful? I told you that I was going to talk to Yukari about her habit of creating boundries to random places in the outer world. And I can't get you back to where you belong if I can't find you afterwards, can I?"


"But it's winter... Yukari is hibernating right now and besides, do you even know where she lives?"


"Whatever, those are minor details. I can just ask for information from random people."


Right, you can just "ask" them. I'm sure you don't mean that you'll beat the info out of them.


"So if you're going to be out... that means I'm going to be alone here?"


"No, you might mess something up. Don't worry, I've got the whole thing figured out. You're going to stay at Remi's."


I stared blankly at her. She expects a vampire to let a human stay at her place without feeding off of it? Is she delusional?


"You seem to think that's a bad idea. Well, I'll know where you are the whole time and-"


"What about my health? I know she's a light eater but I'd prefer not to be bitten either way."


Reimu was unfazed, "I've got that figured out too. For your protection, I've created a talisman that requires no magical powers to wield. It's one use only but it has the power of a spellcard in it so there's a pretty good chance that if you have to use it, you won't be in danger anymore."


And with that she pulled out a rather ordinary-looking piece of paper with intricate patterns drawn on it with ink. It really didn't look that impressive except that it must have taken a lot of time to draw those symbols and designs.


"Uhhh... you sure this will work?"


She smiled and nodded.


"Absolutely. Just throw it in the general direction you want it to activate in."


Sounds like a bomb... I imagined a green box with a white B printed on each side exploding with danmaku patterns.


"Well since you put so much thought into this (where did you get the time?), I guess this is the best way... by the way, how did you get Remilia to agree with this?"


Remilia walked up to us with an annoyed expression on her face.


"She said she would pay back all the damage I did to her shrine if I didn't help..." 
An hour of flying was all it took to go from the shrine to the mansion. However, it was the longest hour of my life.


"OH MY GOD!!! FLY LOWER!!"


I was scared to death since the only thing keeping me in the air was Remilia's hand. My feet were dangling in mid-air with nothing to catch me but the ground several hundred feet below. Even the trees were too short to reach us at this altitude. Apparently, she drew great pleasure in scaring me and flew even higher into the sky.

Somehow, I didn't have a heart attack before landing, which, by the way, was just as scary. Remilia had dropped towards the ground much more quickly than I expected and I had ended up rolling several times after letting go and hitting the floor. She, however, had swooped upwards before hiting the ground and landed lightly.


I met a good portion mansion staff including Meiling, the door guard, Sakuya, the head maid, and Patchouli, the unofficial librarian. I wondered if I would meet Remilia's sister, Flandre, as well by the end of my stay and hoped against it. The talisman Reimu gave me would probably do nothing against her. And so I spent two days in relative peace with Sakuya constantly complaining right in front of me on how much extra work I created, Meiling constantly forgeting who I was when I left the mansion for some exercise, and Patchouli conveniently ignoring me whenever I decided to read. I rarely saw Remilia, probably because she was usually nocturnal. Most of my time was spent reading the insane amount of books in the dusty library. Many that I found were spellbooks. Totally useless to me. I took the fictional books instead and left the library. It was too dusty and stuffy for me. The times I weren't reading I speculated on what would endanger me life next. From my experiece, nothing was ever peaceful for long in Gensokyo. And I was proven right on the third day. A witch dressed in black was in the library that day complete with a wide-brimmed hat and broom.


It was most definately Marisa. And knowing her, she probably broke into the mansion. She was looking around and taking books at random and had a giant stack in a large bag already when I saw her.


"Hey! You in the strange clothing! Help me with these!"


She acted like she belonged in here, stealing books and I felt like I had done something wrong just by seeing her. And she was the first person to point out that I dressed strangely by Gensokyo standards.


"Not even if you said please."


"Aren't you one of the people who work here? You should be helping the guests."


Marisa was attempting to move about 50 books at once while she tried to make me help. I just watched and wondered when Patchouli or Sakuya would notice.


"I'm a guest of Remilia's. You... are most definately not."


I wondered if I should actually get someone instead of waiting. But that wouldn't help me much. I'd just end up in the middle of yet another battle.


"Oh, well if that's the case, help me or I'll blast you with magic."

It took about 30 minutes for us to drag the books to the hallway. Oh, and by us I mean me. With the threat of a Master Spark keeping me in check, she took the opportunity to just relax. On the bag I was dragging.


"Hurry up. You're really slow."


"Just as a question, how do you plan to take these back to your house?"


Marisa opened her mouth, no doubt to remark on how stupid my question was when we both heard someone yell, "Hey! What are you doing back here again?! And why are you helping her?"


Great... the last thing I needed was to be caught helping a thief...


We turned around and behind us was Sakuya with an empty platter with her hand still on the usually locked door to the cellar. Probably just fed Flandre or something.


"You two need to be punished!"


Sakuya dropped the platter and took some knives out of nowhere. I thought that maybe Marisa would fight Sakuya but apparently she had a different idea on what was going to happen.


"Well, I'll leave her to you."


And she ran off, leaving me with life and death situation in my hands. But you should have expected that by now. Unfortunately, I forgot that Sakuya's specialty was stopping time so the moment I started running in the opposite direction, she was there already several feet ahead of me, along with several knives suspended in midair.


"You didn't think I'd let you go that easily did you?"


The knives flew forward right at my heart and I was forced to dodge to the side. I flattened myself against the hallway walls as they flew by. I reached into my pocket in hopes if finding something, anything, that would improve my dismal condition and found... the talisman Reimu gave me. How did she say to use it? Just throw it at the target? Well anything was worth trying now.


"Take this!"


I threw the ornately drawn piece of paper at Sakuya and... we both stared at it. The talisman just fluttered to the ground after going a few feet from my hands.


Any time now... I think


Sakuya threw more knives into the air which changed direction suddenly and flew at me again. I dropped to the ground and they flew over my head.


Reimu lied to me! That stupid piece of paper is worthless!


And I decided to run again. I got up as quickly as possible, turned around and saw Sakuya, already in front of me again.


"I don't know what you were trying to do with that paper, but now you lose. Maid Secret Skill 'Killing Doll'!"


She jumped up and a sphere of 1000 knives appeared around her which suddenly changed direction randomly. They were even reflecting off of the ceiling, walls, and floor of the hallway. I could see no way through, but...


"Love Sign 'Master Spark'!"


A giant white laser directed downward blasted through the side of the ceiling and into the still airborne maid, causing all the knives to be disintegrated. The energy pouring into ground caused the earth to rumble. When my eyes readjusted to the light, since the Master Spark was really bright, I saw Marisa floating on her broom with an evil looking grin on her face.


"Forgot my books."


"How the heck do you forget about the books?"


Marisa flew through the hole her Master Spark had created and landed next to the defeated Sakuya, who was lying face down in a large crater. As she replied to my question, she poked Sakuya a bit with her broom, "I dunno... I'm usually the one dragging them around so I guess I forgot when I wasn't dragging them..."


"That sounds like a made-up excuse."


"Yeah, probably."


"..."


Okay then, I guess I'll just ignore that last 30 seconds of talking.


"Well it looks like she's still alive. That means you get to carry my books again. Just get them outside and it should be fine."

It didn't take much longer to get the books out but it sure was exhausting. As soon as we got out, Marisa started to tie the sack to her broom. I sat down to rest and watched for about a minute before I realized what was wrong with this scene.


"Wait a minute, why didn't you just use the broom to take the books out in the first place? You wouldn't have needed to make me help and you could have avoided Sakuya."


As she finished tying up the last knots to secure the sack, she replied, "Because, it messes with the steering if there's more weight. You don't think I haven't thought of that before? Last time I tried that, I ran into the walls and hurt myself."


She got onto her broom and looked back at me.


"You need a ride? I'm sure you're not going to be Remi's guest any longer, now that Sakuya's caught you stealing books."


I wasn't stealing books... I was threatened to move already stolen books...


"I guess I should get out of here as soon as possible, huh? Yeah, I guess I'll ride with you."

I wished that there were more room on Marisa's broom. I really did. Since the broom handle could only fit one person, we had to find another way. I ended up sitting on the sack of stolen books. It was very uncomforatable since there was barely room to even sit. One book short and there probably wouldn't have been enough room. My feet were dangling in mid-air like the last time I flew with Remilia and I gripped the sack of books tightly to keep balance. I got a sudden sense of vertigo when I looked down and closed my eyes and shouted, "How far are we going?"


I had to yell to overcome to sound of the wind rushing past us. A barely audible Marisa replied, "Not too far, my house is only another 15 minutes away."


Please let me survive this flight for another 15 minutes... I held onto the sack of books more tightly.


The landing was more smooth with Marisa's broom than with Remilia. The broom hovered above the ground as I stepped onto the ground shakily feeling like throwing up. I looked around as Marisa dismounted and untied the sack. She had taken me to her house. It looked quite ordinary besides the fact that it was in a clearing in the middle of a forest. Through the windows I could see... a mess. Most of the mess were books but the other things were unidentifiable objects that looked either dangerous or useless. Marisa unlocked the front door and opened it to let me in.


"So, welcome to my home." 
The inside of Marisa's house wasn't as bad as I thought it would be, it was worse. It seemed like the piles of random objects covered every piece of furniture in the place just to make enough room to walk around. In the living room, a stack of books reached the ceiling without any support. I was sure to keep away from it as it looked ready to fall from the slightest disturbance. Even the chairs and tables were covered with dolls, charms, and other assortments of strange things. Only the bed was clear of junk. There was a plus side to the house though. It was warm. The winter chill was chased away with an unknown heat from inside Marisa's house. I looked around to find the source but my senses kept leading me back to the walls themselves.


"Hey! Ya hungry?"


Marisa came out of her kitchen with a steaming pot of curry. Now that she mentioned it, I did feel a little hungry. As I tasted a little, I realized I tried this exact curry before. In fact, it was less than a week ago at Reimu's shrine. And back then, it was cold.


"You didn't happen to be at the Hakurei shrine a few days ago, did you? And cook this exact curry for lunch or something?"


"Yeah? Oh, lemme guess, you were there later and she fed you the leftovers without even heating it back up."


"Yeah, she did. Is she that predictable?"


Marisa just laughed and didn't answer, leaving me to wonder exactly what she was laughing at.


There wasn't much to do after dinner and when it came time to sleep, Marisa went into her bedroom, locked the door, and ignored me when I knocked and asked where I was supposed to sleep. I ended up sleeping on the floor fully clothed.


I woke up to the sound of knocking. When I opened my eyes, the sun was just showing itself above the horizon. Marisa, somehow already fully dressed in her usual black clothing, went to answer the door. In my drowsy state, I was unable to make out the voices speaking to each other so I got up, rubbed my eyes, walked to the door.


"...maybe if we ask Kourin?"


"Rinnosuke? He knows what everything is called, but never what they do though."


A girl wearing a simple blue dress and a red hairband in her short blonde hair was talking to Marisa. And she was showing holding something that looked a lot like it might explode if lit.


"Hey... I'm not sure, but I think that's a bomb..."


The two girls looked at me. To be more specific, Alice, the girl who was visiting, looked at me and then to Marisa with a shocked face while Marisa just looked curiously. Alice timidly asked something that started with "Are you two..." but was quickly drowned out by Marisa's much louder and energetic voice.


"What's a 'bomb'?!"


I really wondered what Alice had asked, though I probably had a good guess. It was definately not a good idea to let rumors like that get started. However, not answering Marisa could have worse implications that I would really rather want to avoid.


"It's a weapon that explodes... like... uh... when you fought Huziwara no Mokou and she used Hourai 'Fujiyama Volcano'? Remember that?"


Now both of the girls were just staring at me. Again, Alice spoke first. She had started to ask, "..did Marisa...", but was again interrupted by Marisa.


"I remember that... but why do you know about it?"


Crap.


"Uhhh... because... Reimu told me?"


They looked at each other and again I wondered what Alice was trying to say. I really hoped it wasn't what I thought it was. So far, there hadn't been a chance to correct that impression.


"Well anyway, I think we should take it to Kourin just in case. But before we go, why don't we eat something?"

As Marisa was in the kitchen, Alice and I sat across the messy table from each other awkwardly. Marisa had cleared the table before we ate last night, but somehow, things were already piled on it. I suspected that many of the things in her house moved by themselves. Maybe that was why the house was so messy. And if that were the case, Alice, with her animated dolls would have an even messier-


"Ummm..."


Alice had started talking and broke my train of thought. She was still holding what I suspected was a bomb which made me uneasy. I looked up and saw that she was blushing.


"What exactly is your relationship with Marisa?"


Oh thank God, I can finally clear this up.


"I'm more of a slave than anything else," I replied in a low tone, making sure Marisa didn't hear me.


She looked visibly relieved. Then, sort of sympathetic after I said I was a slave. Marisa appeared right after with a pot of some sort of rice porridge. I took one look at it and recognized it as one of the dishes I hated the most as a child. But at the same time I was hungry. I sighed and started eating.

Kourindou was only about 5 minutes away by flight. Of course, with my fear of heights and inability to fly, it was an excruciating 5 minutes. It was just about the same as my other two flights, except that I restrained my wild screaming to inside my head. Oh and to stay in midair, I held onto the end of the broom with one hand and held Alice's hand with the other. And Alice was blushing again.


The first thing I noticed when I entered the store was that it had electricity. There were sliding doors installed, though there were no sensors and had to be opened manually, and light fixtures. The second thing I noticed was that this shop had the most random things lying next to each other. A teddy bear was on display next to a Swiss army knife and a frying pan. And the third thing I noticed was the proprietor, a tall and skinny man with silver hair and glasses.


"Welcome to Kourindou. Oh, Marisa.. and Alice. And do I know you? Those clothes were bought here were they not?"


I looked down at my dirty grey T-shirt and blue jeans.


"Uhhh, no...."


Rinnosuke looked at me funny as if to say, "That's gotta be a lie," as Marisa went right down to business.


"Anyways Kourin, we came here to ask you about this thing Alice found. This guy-" she pointed to me "-says it's a 'bomb' which is used for blowing things up."


She grabbed the thing from Alice's hands and dropped it carelessly on the counter. The proprietor examined it and in a second identified it, "It's a 'firework'. It makes pretty designs in the sky... like spellcards, but it's less deadly. I believe you use it like a spellcard and declare it before releasing the spell inside..."


I laughed.


"So it's just a firework? I was worried for a moment. I mean I knew it was an explosive, but I thought it was a nuke or something."


The other three looked at me quizzically. Well, if they didn't suspect it earlier, what I said definately gave away that I wasn't from Gensokyo. Whoops... but Rinnosuke still seemed totally clueless though.


"Hmm, you seem to know quite a bit of the outside world for an average human."


Now was as good of time as any to make it blatantly obvious and say it aloud. And probably confirm some suspicions too.


"Well, you see, that's because I'm an average human from the outside world."


Awkward silence... Rinnosuke was probably going to go crazy from meeting an actual human from the outside... He was extremely interested in the technological world after all. However...


"That's certainly unexpected... Well, is there anything else I can help you three with?"


I looked around the store.


"I'd actually like to look around a bit..."


I walked off to examine the items on sale. Marisa and Alice were talking to each other while looking around at the merchandise. They hadn't really said anything when I revealed my origins, but that hardly surprised me. They probably already thought I was too weird to be from Gensokyo. I proceeded to walk around and noticed that the shop was actually fairly small, but it was crammed full of random items such as old TVs, broken bicycles, and even a coffee machine. In one pile labeled "Entertainment", I found a Dreamcast with two controllers. Digging around some more, I found some interesting games. And then I realized I had no money. Darn.


"Hey! If you don't hurry up, we're gonna leave you here!"


I looked in the direction of the voice to see that Marisa was already walking out the doors with Alice close behind, looking back to see if I was coming. For a split second, I seriously considered staying. But who was I kidding? No money for the Dreamcast, and no way to get it back home even if I could buy it. I ran off after the two magicians. Right before the doors swung back in place as I exited, I heard Rinnosuke's voice call out.

"Please come again!" 
As soon as we got back to Marisa's house, she turned to me and demanded, "Well?"


"Well what?"


"Well, you're from the outside right? Make that firework thing make a design in the sky like Kourin said it would!"


I sighed at Marisa's blatant rudeness before getting to work. I took the firework from Alice and placed it upright on the ground. Feeling around the bottom, I found the fuse. Something was missing though. How would I light it? I searched my pockets absentmindedly and asked, "Anyone got a way to light this on fire?"


Marisa immediately responded by pulling out a card from somewhere and I paniced.


"I only need this fuse to be on fire! Don't use spellcards!"


"Oh... well Sparking it won't work then, huh?"


"NO!"


"What if I use a weak doll?"


I jumped and Marisa and I turned to Alice who had just spoken. I had completely forgotten that she was there. Well, it seemed like a good idea. But who knew what the definition of "weak" was to Alice? That word definately had no meaning with Marisa though so I decided to take my chances.


"It's worth a shot... I guess..."


Alice pulled a doll from somewhere (God knows where...) and it flew down to the ground right next to the firework. It truly looked alive as it walked up to the fuse and put its tiny hands onto it. A small amount of energy formed around the hands and seemed to create a red orb that I thought looked suspiciously similar to a generic magical bullet from the games. The fuse started smoking and then a small spark of fire ignited the fuse and started the countdown. As the little doll ran back to Alice, I remembered something and warned them, "Okay.. now get back before the fuse goes to the end..."


Marisa and I were already at a safe distance. Alice, after scooping up her doll and putting it back to wherever she stored them, ran up to us as well. We watched for a few seconds as the remainder of the fuse burned off. Suddenly, it shot up like a rocket and with a loud bang, exploded into a shower of colorful light in the sky. And just before the lights disappeared, we heard a shutter click. A black winged girl with a red hat and black and white outfit stepped out from behind a tree and put the viewfinder down from her eyes.


"That's definately going in the next issue of Bunbunmaru: The Outside World Creates Danmaku, Too."


They call it danmaku here, too? That's... kinda weird.


The last bit of light from the firework faded away as I realized who it was that had just arrived. By that time, Marisa was already saying, "Oh, Aya! Good timing! Where's this week's newspaper?"


"Right, here you go. Thanks for subscribing to Bunbunmaru! By the way, what was that thing that made that pattern? It looks like a good news story to me."


"It's a firework. Go ask him about it."


Marisa pointed to me and walked off into her house, opening her issue of the newspaper. Alice, since she found out what the object she found was, left as well, probably returning to her house to do whatever the heck she usually does. So it was just me and the tengu, Aya Shameimaru, standing around outside of Marisa's house. Predictably, she took a notepad and pen out and walked up to me.


"Do you mind if I interview you? It'll be quick since I have to finish my deliveries by today."


I shrugged.


"Eh, sure. I don't have anything better to do, anyway."


Aya looked delighted and started her questioning with, "First off, what was that object that created the danmaku and how does it work?"


"Uhh, I think Marisa told you already, but it's called a firework. As for how it works, I'm not too sure. I only know how to use it."


"So how do you use it?"


"Just light the fuse on fire. You should stand back afterwards because it makes a small burst of fire to get it into the air."


Aya took some notes while muttering, "I see, I see," and then continued her questioning, "Alright, can you tell me a bit about yourself? And how you got into Gensokyo? I think the readers might be interested in that sort of thing as well."


"Ummm... there's not really anything to tell about myself. As for how I got into... wait, how did you know I'm from outside Gensokyo?"


"Oh. Ahahaha. I've actually been following Alice since I saw her with that weird thingy. My instincts told me it might make a good story... so anyway, please continue. You got into Gensokyo by...?"


...Is that normal for a reporter?


"Uhh, I'm not sure how I got in though I strongly suspect I was spirited away by Yukari Yakumo."


Aya wrote some more things down and put away the pen and notepad.


"Okay, thanks for your time. I gotta go and finish these deliveries. See ya!"


She jumped up while holding onto her hat and flew away really quickly. I wondered what sort of story was going to come from that short little interview as I walked back to warm myself up in Marisa's house. Marisa herself was sitting at a desk reading the newspaper and ignored me as I closed the door behind me. I walked over and bent down to look at the headline: Snow Spirit Discovered in Kourindou Freezer.


I laughed in my head. What kind of headline was that?

I woke up at around noon the next day since Marisa made me work quite a bit to earn my keep. I would've slept longer too, but several things exploded outside and shortly after, the front door slammed open and Marisa stormed in, complaining, "Why are there always these stupid fairies trying to attack me whenever I go somewhere?"


I got up (from the floor) and peered outside to see that there were several human-ish things with wings flying away rather quickly and one on the floor that wasn't moving. I kind of felt sympathetic towards it... that is, until I remembered that fairies had tried to kill me before. Marisa was still rambling on angrily about them when I asked her, "Where did you go anyway?"


"Huh? Oh, just back to Scarlet Devil Mansion. No one noticed this time. And speaking of that weird place, how did you, end up as a guest of Remi's, anyway?"


There was a long pause as I searched my brain for what I probably should never have forgotten before something clicked in my head.


"Oh, crap! I was supposed to wait for Reimu there!"


"For what?"


"For a way back outside and to my own home! Now I'm screwed!"


"Well... you could always go to the Hakurei shrine and wait there. She'll have to go back eventually right?"


"Oh, that's right. We should go then!"


"'We'? I'm not going with you... it's no fun there without her. And I have better things to do."

Somehow, Marisa was able to convince me that I could and should go by myself. The only thing she gave me was the direction to the shrine. I had no food, no drink, and definately no protection. And so, I found myself walking through the Forest of Magic, cursing at my stupidity and hoping to reach the shrine within a day. I knew my chances of reaching it was slim to none, but I had no other choice. Marisa had refused to take me for some incomprehensible reason.


Maybe I'll meet another relatively friendly person. Hopefully...


But knowing my luck, fairies or youkai would find me first and I'd end up as the subject of a killer prank, or just simply as food.


And then I walked into a tree.


"Ow!"


Now I could've sworn there was no tree there a moment ago. I wasn't so deep into my thoughts that I wouldn't see where I was walking. I looked around and realized that all the trees had suddenly just stopped existing. There were no trees anywhere in sight except for the one I had walked into.


What the heck? Is there some sort of magic going on?


"(Who's there?!)"


Or that's what I tried to say, but my voice wasn't working now. I could feel my throat vibrating as I shouted with all my might yet no sound came out of my mouth. I decided to try to find the perpetrator; she couldn't be far if she was affecting me this severely. Afterall, I hadn't heard a spellcard declaration - no one I could think of could do this without a spellcard. As I walked around, I ran into another tree.


"(Ow!)"


Again, no sound. The tree appeared out of nowhere as I walked into it. And then, I realized what was going on... The trees had stopped reflecting light, and sound waves from my vocal cords weren't being propagated. Someone, or rather two people were manipulating light and sound. And undoubtly, one last person had detected my presence. This was definately a cruel prank that only Sunny Milk, Luna Child, and Star Sapphire could think up and carry out.


Well... at least the prank's not going to kill me... I think...


For several minutes that felt like hours, I slowly stumbled around with my hands outstretched in front of me as if I were blind, hoping to find the source of the magic. Whenever one of my hands came into contact with something that felt like bark, I felt my way around it. Apparently they found it funnier if the trees only reappeared if I planted my face into them. Sometimes the trees were smaller than usual; my hands missed the trunk right in front of me and I crushed my nose against the rough bark. I imagined them laughing at me in their hiding spot where they could see me clearly. And I wouldn't be able to hear them - Luna's power would make sure of that.


But to my surprise, loud laughter suddenly rang out to my left.


"What the...?"


Hey, I can talk again.


The laughter stopped just as abruptly a split second later with the faint sound of a someone falling on the ground from somewhere up high. All the trees appeared around me in their usual places and I saw that I was mere inches from running my face into another one. In surprise from its sudden appearance, I sort of half-jumped, half-stumbled back and tripped over myself. As I lied there, rubbing my sore face, I heard someone walking towards me through the underbrush.


"Are you alright?"


I tried to sit up to see who it was and started feeling faint. Apparently, the two hours of nonstop walking in the forest followed by the multiple semi-self-induced blows to the head were taking their toll. I was able to get a blurred view of a girl wearing a lot of blue and an oddly shaped hat before I slipped out of conciousness, thinking stupidly, Hahaha... what a funny-looking hat... 
The first I noticed when I woke up was that it was warm and I was lying on something soft. A bed? Where was I? I opened my eyes to see a wooden roof above me. The piercing voice of a child sounded out next to me, "Mommy, he woke up!"


A soft voice belonging to a woman spoke up from a nearby room, "He is? Go find the village protector. Tell her he woke up."


I sat up and saw a small boy running out of the room. A moment a later, a middle-aged looking lady entered with a bowl of broth and handed it to me.


"Here, drink this. It's an herbal remedy that should give you your strength back."


I accepted the broth from her and drank it gratefully. As I drank, she told me what had happened. How the village protector had come back with me; how her family had volunteered to care for me. As I finished the broth, the same girl who I had seen before I fainted came in through the doorway. The village protector. Keine Kamishirasawa.


The woman who had given me the bowl of broth took it back and left the room. The little boy followed Keine back in, hiding behind her yet peeking curiously from time to time. The first thing she said to me was a repeat of the last thing she had asked, "Are you alright?"


The herbal broth I had just finished seemed to be working, and quickly too; my headache and sore feet were no longer hurting as badly. I sat up as Keine approached the bed and replied, "Yeah... thanks for rescuing me. I thought I was a goner."


"Well, I couldn't just leave you. The two fairies who were playing that trick on you would've probably left you to die..."


Two fairies? I guess Star got away like usual...


"...But what were you doing in the forest anyway? Don't you know that it's dangerous for those with little magical powers? And when I found you, you had no supplies for traveling. It's like you were trying to get killed..."


I laughed bitterly and said, "I can assure you that I wasn't. I had no choice but to try to go through for a certain reason."


"What is this reason? ...If you don't mind me asking."


"... Can I tell you privately tonight? Outside of the village?"


It was going to be a full moon tonight, assuming that I was only unconscious for a day. I had watched the moon every night since I had realized I was in Gensokyo. Watched for and dreaded the moon for the night it was full was the night many of the creatures here received overwhelming power. And that was the night that Keine might be able to change history and make my arrival in Gensokyo never happen. But Keine seemed hesistant to speak to me tonight.


"I... I cannot meet you tonight."

The little boy who had followed Keine in after calling her here spoke up again, "Keine is never here on a full moon. She goes out to fight bad youkai to protect us!"


She smiled at the boy. It was a smile that showed her affection for him yet it also seemed to show something else. Regret? For what? But of course it was obvious: she regretted that she had to hide the fact that every full moon, she transformed, growing horns and a tail. She probably told no one of this in fear of being rejected as a monster. Perhaps I could convince her if I told her that knew her secret already. And showed that I didn't reject or fear her. I got out of the bed, already feeling strong enough to stand and walk again.


"Then perhaps I can talk to you privately right now then. If you don't mind."


She still looked hesitant, but relented.


"Then... let's go outside... outside the village."

The whole walk outside, I thought about how I should tell her that I knew her secret. I couldn't find a good way so I decided just to wing it.


"You have the power to hide history, right?"


"Yes. And I only use it to help humanity."


"But, don't you also have the power to change and create histories?"


This question seemed to catch her off guard and she denied it with great haste.


"W-What are you talking about? I have no such ability!"


"There's no need to lie to me. I know that every full moon, like tonight, you gain those powers."


"No, I... I..."


She seemed to be searching for a way to deny this and after a few seconds, she seemed to give up.


"I see. Do you know the cost of those powers, too?"


"Yes, your transformation. Don't worry I won't tell anyone if you don't want me to, but I ask for something in return. Please help me tonight."


"... I do not know why, but I feel that I can trust you... Meet me in the forest tonight, if you are not afraid of the night of the full moon. I will tell you where later."

As according to Keine's instructions to meet her, I waited for the house I was staying at to be silent before I got up and crept outside . The village was completely still as I walked to the meeting spot. Past the edge of the village, past the first line of trees, and into the forest I went, with only the moon's eerie glow to guide me. I trusted that Keine knew what she was doing when she made the meeting point inside the forest - trusted that no youkai would find me as I was utterly defenseless. Finally, I reached the clearing that she indicated and sat down on the grass. The wait wasn't very long.


"You came."


I turned around and saw her silhouetted outline dropping lightly to the ground in her transformed state.


"But of course."


As she alighted on the grass, the moon lit up her features in detail. In place of her hat, two horns were poking out of her hair with a bow tied around one of them. Her clothing had changed too, from blue to green, and a furry tail was plainly visible coming out of her dress. Her face showed mixed feelings: hesitation, a hint of worry, and a great deal of curiosity.


"You are the only human, save for one other, that has seen me like this. Yet you don't look surprised. And on top of that, you knew of my secret though I've never seen you before."


"I suppose you can call it my ability. I know more things about this world than I should. So will you listen to me and help me?"


"That is the reason I agreed to this in the first place, isn't it? Let's walk as you explain what needs helping. I must meet someone else as well."


So we walked as I explained my situation. My origins in the outside world, my sudden shift into Gensokyo, my lack of even basic magical powers, and lastly, my request for her to change history so that this would have never happened... and as I talked we walked deeper into the forest until even the light from the sun would've been blocked out.


Long after I finished my long-winded explaination, as we were walking in silence, Keine raised her hand to signal for me to stop and wait. She walked ahead through some bushes, probably into another clearing, and started talking to someone.


"I'm back."


"Oh, Keine. Is it a full moon again already? You're later than usual so I thought I saw the moon incorrectly. It's good to see you."


"Sorry, I decided to walk tonight. And... I brought someone else along with me."


"Someone else?"


"Yes... You can come out now!"


I barely heard Keine call out to me. I was too busy dreading who I was about to me.


Oh no... Keine took me to meet her?


Her beckoning broke my brooding and I fought my way through the bushes and found that there was indeed a clearing past them. And in it, Keine was standing next to another person who was sitting. Both of them were looking at me now.


"Keine... You brought another human?" 
Long light blue hair with a large red bow, whitish shirt, red overalls, and a crapload of red and white charms tied all over her hair and clothes. It was Huziwara no Mokou without a doubt. Was that a good thing or a bad thing though? Despite my nervousness in being the presence of an immortal and powerful person, I managed to stammer out a sort of greeting, "H-hi...?"


Mokou looked amused at my stutter, but Keine looked disapprovingly at me and scolded me, "Well, don't just stand there. Come here, we'll talk about your problem while keeping Mokou company."


Hesitantly, I approached the two and sat down, closer to Keine than to her friend. She sat down too.


"So you want me to change your history so that you never came to Gensokyo, correct?"


"Haha, that's almost just like how I wanted you to change my history so that I never touched the Hourai elixer. But it was much too late then. Perhaps you will have the good fortune of knowing what needs knowing for Keine's power to work."


I tried to figure out what Mokou was saying. Too late for Keine's ability to work? Knowing what needs knowing? I realized that I didn't even know how the power to change history worked. So I asked.


"What are you talking about?"


"Oh, I thought you said you knew everything about me and my abilities. Well perhaps Mokou would like to explain how she learned how I couldn't help?"


"If you wish. About 1200 years ago, with the foolish designs of the moon princess, I happened to acquire a certain medicine. When I drank it, I stopped aging. People no longer even considered me human and, with my endless existence, other people grew to fear me. I chose to leave the people and live a life of solitude. About 1180 years after that event, I heard of a person, a person who could manipulate history. I found her on a full moon, but she was unable to help me. For her power to work, she needed to know all the important events that has happened to the person in the past up until the point that needs to be changed for she can only remove history that is known. I, of course, couldn't remember what had happened in those 1180 years. Since then, she has visited me every full moon to keep me company. It is her way of... apologizing in a sense."


"I only have a few days to remember though. I've been in Gensokyo for maybe only a week."


"Well we shall see if this will work. Try to recount, backwards, what has happened since you arrived."


I tried. Getting saved by Keine, encountering the prank of the three fairies, staying at Marisa's house, getting interviewed by Aya about fireworks, going to Kourindou, meeting Alice, getting saved by Marisa from Sakuya, being forced by Marisa to carry books, staying at Remilia's mansion, watching Reimu fight Remilia, sleeping over at the Hakurei shrine, getting saved by Reimu from fairies, getting saved by Yuyuko from Youmu, waking up in Gensokyo...


"That's it I think."


"But, you stopped when you were still in Gensokyo."


"Well, when I don't really know how I got there. One minute I was in my room, the next I trip and wake up in the middle of a forest. Is that... bad?"


"...Yes, that's a vital piece of information. I'm afraid I can't help you either. I'm sorry..."


I stood up and said much more loudly than I meant to, "Well, why not? That's a stupid rule!"


Keine didn't even flinch at my rather sudden outburst. I, however, was surprised by how angry - no not angry, frustrated - I was. I didn't realize how much hope I was putting on her until she told me that what I requested was impossible. Still sitting she replied, "I understand why you might be angry with this, but it's not a rule more as a limitation in my ability. I cannot simply remove your existence from Gensokyo without changing the histories of all the people you have affected as well. Of the many people you have influenced, all but one are accounted for, the one who brought you here."


I sighed and sat back down, wondering what I was going to do now. If Keine couldn't help, and if I couldn't find Reimu again, what was I going to do? And then I realized just how drowsy I was. The full moon had already reached its peak in the sky and was descending down already to let the sun dominate again in a few hours. Apparently, the other two also felt that it was time to part again before the night ended. They stood up and exchanged farewells.


"It was good to see you again, Mokou. I'm sorry that we can't speak to each other more."


"Likewise. I'll look forward to the next full moon. And it was nice to meet another human as well, though we most likely will never meet again."


I didn't quite know how to reply so I kept my silence and just nodded. I probably would've said something stupid anyway. Mokou turned her back on the two of us and walked off into the forest. The darkness quickly engulfed her and soon enough I couldn't even see her outline.


"Well, I guess we should get back to the village."


I nodded and walked off with her.

Something was wrong. I'm not sure how I knew, but I definately knew it. I stopped walking and my sense of unease grew. Keine glanced back and, seeing that I halted, stopped as well. Not a word had been spoken the whole walk back so far, but now...


"What's wrong?"


"I... I think we should get back to the village. Now."


"What are you talking about?"


"I don't know. I think something is happening, or is going to happen."


Without pursuing the issue further, she turned around and took flight. From somewhere above the tree canopies, I heard her shout, "It's not too much farther to the village! I'm going to check ahead!"


It was deathly silent afterwards as I started running towards the village. Bt the time I caught up to her, Keine had landed back on the ground still quite far from the village gates. As I walked up, she said, "There's nothing here."


And just as soon as those words escaped her lips, the village lit up with an uncountable amount of magic bolts. Both of us were shocked by the sudden appearance of the attack and stared for a few seconds before realizing what was happening. The village was under attack.


"What the-!"


I turned to Keine who still hadn't moved. A few seconds later, more blasts of light appeared in the village; Keine still didn't do anything.


"Aren't you going to do anything? They're going to die!"


"I... I can't..."


"Are you still worrying about hiding your transformed state? Now isn't the time for that!"


"But..."


"No buts! Every moment we're losing may cost someone's life!"


"..."


"Argh, fine! I'll go myself."


I ran off towards the village, though I wasn't sure how I was going to help. Looking back, Keine was still standing in the same spot like a statue. Great. Looking where I was running again, I saw the already ruined houses and people running to get shelter from the assault. Another wave of red energy appeared as I just passed the first houses. The bolts were sparsely spread around with human sized gaps in between. I found a larger than normal gap and ran through without slowing down. The magic seemed to be coming from the center of the village so I headed toward there, still not knowing what that would accomplish, not even knowing what I would find there. As I ran towards the center, I saw people hiding behind trees, ruined house walls, and rocks. So far, no one I saw looked hurt at all. Almost at the place where I suspected the attackers to be, another wave of light blasted towards me, this time blue. Closer to the source, there were almost no gaps in the assault and I had no other choice. I used my momentum to dive forward, right at the solid wall of energy, and braced myself.


As I went through, every part of my body that touched the light felt like it was on fire right down to my nerves. My body tensed up and I hit the ground, rolling to a stop at my goal, the center of the village. Too distracted by the pain of hitting the wall of magic bolts, I didn't even notice that I had rolled right next to the very thing I was trying to find. That is, until I heard a voice demand, "You, where is Keine Kamishirasawa?"


Forcing myself to ignore the pain, I looked up to see a woman with long black hair wearing something that seemed to be traditional Japanese clothing. As if in answer to this person's question, another voice replied, "Right here."


I looked in the direction of the voice and there stood Keine. Finally.


"What are you doing, Kaguya?"


Keine seemed different somehow. She spoke differently and her attitude was too relaxed for what was happening. On top of that, she didn't seem to mind, or notice, that the people of the village were looking and muttering at her transformed body. I was still on the ground, but the pain was ebbing and it seemed that Kaguya didn't care much for me anymore. I tried to be stealthy as I backed away on all fours, but ended up making a lot of noise anyway. She ignored me and instead replied to Keine as I made my way well away from her.


"Oh, nothing really. Just drawing you out so that you could tell me where a certain immortal being was."


"You won't get a word of that out of me!"


"Oh? Perhaps I didn't destroy enough. As you may know, there's a full moon tonight and that gives Lunarians back their full power as if they were still on the moon."


I looked up at the moon and saw that it was very low in the sky already. There was perhaps another half hour before the night would end. Keine smiled wickedly.


"Oh really? The full moon happens to be the time where I'm at my best too."


Kaguya smiled back, her hand glowing white with magical energy.


"Then prepare yourself, this will be a fun fight!"


Both jumped away from each other and flew up to a great height, casting and dodging spells along the way. The battle was extremely fast-paced (as expected from a fight between a final boss and an extra mid-boss) and within the first minute I had already lost track of the movements of the two; all I saw were the deadly points of light that were forming intricate designs in the sky. They were so high up that the energy dispersed long before they would have hit the ground.


"Oh!"


A small child, the same little boy whom I had seen when I had woken up the previous day, gasped beside me. Had he seen something I hadn't? Perhaps his eyes were sharper than mine.


"What's wrong?"


"Weird-looking Keine is falling!"


I looked up again and saw that, indeed, something was falling towards the ground. As I watched, however, it slowed down and stopped. Immediately afterwards, a sort of radiance burst out briefly and I heard a faint female voice declare, "Origin Sign 'Ephemerality 137'!"


A split second later, several glowing white familiars materialized in front of Keine and launched themselves at Kaguya. They exploded in quick succession and created thick, lingering fields of magic, but Kaguya seemed not to have been hit. However, the attack seemed ferocious enough to worry her as she, too, activated a spellcard.


"Impossible Request 'Robe of Fire Rat'!"


Giant waves of fire formed around Kaguya and expanded outward. The exploding familiars that Keine was spawning nullified the fireballs, but they couldn't be summoned quickly enough. If it went on, Kaguya's spellcard would overtake Keine's. She seemed to realize this and abandaned her spell. Flying back down to the ground, she landed a few feet from me and winked.


"Isn't there a saying that one should 'fight fire with fire'? Immortal 'Fire Bird -Flying Phoenix-'!"


What!? That's Mokou's


A phoenix engulfed Keine's body in fire before seperating from her and flying straight up towards Kaguya. It absorbed the fire from the impossible request, growing brighter as it flew towards its target. At the same time, the last of the moon dipped below the horizon and the night ended. I looked to Keine just as she collapsed to the ground. Running up to her, I saw that her horns and tail had already disappeared.

"Hey! Are you alright?!"


The townspeople gathered around as she opened her eyes again.


"What's going on?"


"What do you mean? You were just fighting Kaguya. Look..."


I looked and pointed up at the sky where I had last seen the Lunarian, and saw something quite astonishing. Kaguya stopped her spellcard, dodged the firebird, and proceeded to fly down with the obvious intent of finishing off Keine, but as the phoenix flew past, it changed shape and color. In a moment, what was a bright red phoenix had become a human. This human created another phoenix and launched it at Kaguya's back. It connected and Kaguya fell down to the earth. Stupidly, my mind made the most inappropriate comment, Owned..


It was two days after the full moon and the battle against Kaguya and I was ready to continue to the Hakurei shrine. Kaguya was still alive of course. Even after hitting the ground from about half a kilometer up, she got back up, dusted off her clothing, and looked about as alive as ever. I couldn't help thinking what would have happened if I had hit the ground that hard and shuddered at the thought. Anyway, Kaguya had admitted her defeat and restoring the "temporarily destroyed" houses before disappearing from the place rather quickly. As for how she had been defeated, no one was really sure. Somehow, only Keine and I had seen the phoenix turn into a human shape and deal the deciding blow, and immediately afterwards, it had turned back into a phoenix and had flown away. Keine was escorting me to the outskirts of the village and we had a chance to talk alone.


"So what is everybody saying about my transformation?"


"Well, I heard some rather... clever... jokes about not making you angry. They don't seem to know that it's caused by the full moon, but either way, nothing's really changed. I think I heard someone say you looked cuter like that too."


"I see. But I still don't know how I ended up in the village."


"Well, you sort of just-"


"Yes, yes, you already told me, but why don't I remember that?"


For the first time, I actually thought about it. Along with the fact that she didn't remember anything was the fact that she wasn't supposed to know how to summon phoenixes. And the mysterious figure who had defeated Kaguya was strange as well. Then it hit me.


"Mokou. It was Mokou."


"What? But that's preposterous."


"Not really. You forgot about one of her spellcards: 'Possessed by Phoenix'. She possessed you and defeated Kaguya. And the phoenix that turned into a human was her. It all fits."


Keine thought about it and nodded slowly.


"You may be right... but we'll never know for sure. It isn't like Mokou to admit to helping, too. Well, this is as far as I can take you. If you follow this path, you will find the shrine. Take care and please remember that you are welcome here anytime."


"Thank you... for everything."


She turned around and started walking back, but stopped, apparently remembering something. She looked back and tossed a small bag at me. I (barely) caught it and looked inside. It had a few strange-looking fruit, some bread, and at the bottom, a few coins.


"Huh? What's this for?"


"Unless your an expert at hunting, I don't think you'll be able to make it to the shrine without a bit of food. And as for the money, there's nothing to spend on along the way except for one place. You'll need to pay to get through."


She turned back again and walked off. I followed suit in the opposite direction, wondering as I made my way towards the shrine, A place where I need to pay to get past? A tollbooth?


It was getting dark and my feet were getting sore. They painfully pounded in time with my heart beats which slowed me down considerably. Finally I decided to a take a break. I sat down, leaning against a tree and closed my eyes for a bit...


I woke up suddenly and realized that at least an hour had passed already. The sun was nowhere to be found, instead replaced by the waning moon. I got up, feeling a little better physically and a little worse psychologically. Wasn't the night most dangerous in Gensokyo? I walked around in hopes of finding a more secure place to settle down before sleeping. As I walked, I noticed that it was still getting noticeably darker. If I didn't find a somewhere to hide and sleep soon, I'd be in big trouble.


Faintly, I heard singing like that of a siren's coming from ahead and hesitated for a bit. It got darker still and I was forced to keep going. As I approached the singing, I caught sight of two points of light in the distance. Instinctively, I headed towards them which was where the singing was coming from as well. Soon, the world was pitch black except for the two points of light and the moon and I started worrying. The night was never this dark before, even at midnight when I was in the middle of the forest with Keine. But I had no choice now but to head toward the light; there was nothing else I could do. Presently, I reached the lamps that were emitting the lights. It appeared to be a building of some sort and my outstretched hands groped around for a door knob. Finding one, I turned it and pushed the door open.


A bell tinkled and a bright light came from the inside of the building and blinded me for a few seconds. When my vision cleared I saw what looked like a restaurant. On a stage that was, for some reason, behind the counter, a pink-haired, pointy-eared, brown-winged girl in matching brown and white clothes who was singing the song that I was hearing before. She looked up at me and signaled for me to wait. I listened to her sing and realized that beneath the charming voice that held the tune perfectly were some rather bizarre lyrics...


A person, a person, a person!

Kidnap some humaaans


It took about a minute for her to finish and during that time, I realized just exactly what this place was. To get some confirmation, I asked the singer when she finished and walked up to me, "This wouldn't happen to be that place where a night sparrow named Mystia Lorelei sells grilled lamprey which was reported on in a newspaper article about a year ago would it?"


"Huh? Newspaper? Well my name's Mystia and I sell lamprey so I guess that's at least half true."


"But... this place is big. Wasn't it just a red-lantern stand a while ago?"


"With all the money I earned, I turned it into a real restaurant. I drew the floorplans too."


She waved her hand arbitrarily behind her and I took a good look around. The first floor was just a big square with the entrance in the middle of one of the sides and the counter on the opposite side. As I noted before, there was an elevated stage behind the counter as well, which looked really bizarre. Also behind the counter were some white curtains that probably led to the kitchen. To the left of the counter was a stairway to the next floor which looked really rickety and unstable. The tables were strewn randomly about, leaving some wide spaces and some tables almost touching each other. Even at this time of night, there were customers at the tables.


"It's still pretty busy here..."


"But of course, so many people get night-blindness so a lot of them come here for the lamprey. Do you want some too?"


"Umm... sure, I guess... how much is it?"


"1000 yen."


Looking inside the small bad Keine gave me, I found two 500 yen coins. I sighed. So this is what Keine meant by a place where I needed to pay to get past.


"I'll have one order I guess."


"Okay! Sit down where you want, I'll tell the cook."


She ran off, almost tripping over a chair and landing on a table where someone was eating already. I walked over to the counter, deciding to sit at one of the stools there and wondered... who's the cook? I caught a part of the conversation between Mystia and the cook as I sat down at the counter.


"...since we're out of lamprey. No one will tell the difference."


"Is that so~?"


I shrugged. Lamprey or not, if I paid Mystia, my severe night-blindness would be lifted. And I didn't even know what lamprey was anyway. The dish came quickly and the night sparrow placed it in front of me before going back up on the stage to sing again. I ignored her nonsensical song and focused my attention on the "lamprey". It was like a long piece of fish with rice on the side. It smelled alright but I picked up my chopsticks and poked at it tentatively. After about three pokes, I yanked off a piece and put it in my mouth. It was, well, fish. A long piece of fish. I liked fish and so, the plate was cleared in less than five minutes. Presently, my attention was drawn to Mystia's singing again. As I listened to the tune along with the lyrics, I realized that I still was tired and yawned. I laid my head on the counter and closed my eyes, the song still ringing in my ears...


Drinking raw water will make your stomach hurt~

Drink lake water and it's off to Sanzu no Kawa~

I woke up in an unfamiliar place. The room was small and there was a single window, which had sunlight pouring out of it now. I got up and opened the door to see where I was. It looked like a hallway with many other doors probably leading to other rooms like mine. Like a hotel or something. At the end of the hallway was a stairway so I headed there hoping to find out more about where I was. At the bottom, a familiar sight greeted me - Mystia's restaurant. The night sparrow herself was busy cleaning the tables and humming to herself when saw me come down the stairs.


"Oh, it's you. You didn't pay for your lamprey before you fell asleep so you owe me 1000 yen for that. Also, for using one of the rooms on the second floor, you owe me another 2400."


"Uhhh... what?"


Crap, I only have 1000 yen...


"You owe me 3400 yen... don't tell me you don't have enough?"


"Ummm... I have enough for the lamprey..."


"Then here's how this'll work: either you work for me to pay off the remaining 2400, or I eat you."


I looked at her face and realized that she was serious. I definately didn't feel like getting eaten so...


"I guess I'm working for you then..."


"Great! One week should do. You get a bowl of rice for your meals and you sleep in the kitchen at night. Now, your first job is to finish cleaning these tables."


She threw the rag at me and went up the stairs in a noticeably good mood. I sighed and started my first day of work.

A haze or a cloud~

It smells during the equinox


I gritted my teeth as I wiped down the next table. Mystia's singing was really annoying - especially the stupid lyrics - and it was going to drive me crazy if I couldn't find a way to cope with it. What's worse was as I moved to the next table, I saw that there were absolutely no customers. There was no point in singing on the stage if no one but me and possibly the cook were listening. In an attempt to block out her voice, I started playing my own selection of music in my head which, for some reason, ended up being Necro-Fantasy, Ran's theme from Perfect Cherry Blossom. And so I was able to keep my sanity as I finished cleaning the tables, switching off among various other Touhou songs. I was supposed to finish before nightfall when everyone would rush in to cure their night-blindness and succeeded. The sun was still visible above the horizon which gave me about half an hour...


It was already my third day of work and I'd already gotten used to the routine: Wake up the people in the sort-of-an-inn upstairs before noon and chase them out (after they paid of course), wash the dirty platters that weren't washed last night, mop the floor, and after the floor dries, clean the tables. After that, it was usually night already and I had to act as a waiter of some sort. Today, I had an unusually large amount of free time since there were no dirty platters to wash. What to do now? As I sat around, I realized that I'd never seen the chef though I had a good idea of who it was. Always, she arrived just before nightfall while I was cleaning the tables and always, she left before all the customers had finished eating. So I decided to see for once.


As I entered the kitchen, she greeted me with, "You aren't supposed to be in here," but I wasn't too surprised at this reaction since I had guessed correctly about who it was that prepared the food. The cook, Rumia, looked a lot like a little kid who was just barely twelve years old. Her red hair ribbon stood out against her blond hair and her usual black dress was currently covered with a dirty apron. I told her that I was the new temporary worker and not surprisingly she replied with her catchphrase.


"Is that so~?"


Deciding that I wasn't going to get anywhere talking to her, I left the kitchen and went back where night sparrow was still singing.


I flew all the way to the roof and it broke and disappeared~

"Hey!"


I turned after seating some customers as Mystia called to me from the stage.


"The next group of people are the last for tonight!"


She then proceeded to continue singing and I took the orders of the group of people I just seated. Just as I finished telling Rumia the order, the next and last group of people entered, talking about something that perked my interest.


"...after being defeated by that scary miko. I wish Yukari-sama would do something about it, but she's always sleeping. So the next best thing is fish. Right, Chen?"


"We're eating fish today, Ran-sama? Yay!" 
Ran and Chen?


I turned from the counter to look and, sure enough, two people were walking through the doorway. They looked rather ordinary until you noticed the tails, and they didn't have one tail each either. The more childish looking one had two tails and the taller one had eight. At least I think it was eight. I didn't really count since I knew how many she was supposed to have. Aside from the tails, another trait that told anyone who looked that these two weren't human were their ears. A pair of cat ears poked out from beneath the child's green hat while another hat hid the pointy fox ears of the other youkai. Both wore rather plain dresses - one red, one white and blue.


As per my usual routine, I greeted them as a waiter normally would and seated them. However, in my mind, I was trying to think of an excuse to talk to them for a good period of time. Their relationship with Yukari might've been my ticket to seeing someone who could finally send me home. Or kill me. But that didn't weigh too heavily in my mind since my chances of survival were low enough already.


"We'll take two orders of... 'lamprey'."


Ran, the kitsune, winked at me as she stressed the name of the dish. I stared blankly back, the meaning of her emphasis flying right over my head.


"Uhh, what do you mean by... 'lamprey'?"


Chen, the nekomata, tugged on her master's sleeve.


"I think Waiter-san is new here. The singing birdy usually takes our orders, doesn't she?"


"Hmmmm... that's true. Hey, you can just tell Mystia that Ran and Chen are here. I think she'll know what that means."


Ummm, okay...


I walked off and approached the stage, ignoring whatever the heck Mystia was singing now. Sort of. Knowing that she would ignore me until she finished her song, I just waited at the base of the stage until I saw her take a bow (I was plugging my ears and playing some more music in my head again). When I saw my chance, I walked up to her, tapped her shoulder, and said quietly to her, "Ran and Chen are here."


The one word response was, "Okay," and she went into the kitchen. A few seconds later, she was back and before going back on stage, she told me to take the order when it was ready. I looked around. Most of the customers had cleared out already except for four tables including the two shikigamis of Yukari. Sighing lightly, I continued working. If there were no more tables to serve, it was time to clean up. The tables that were recently cleared of customers had to have the dishes picked up and the tables wiped down. Any spilled food had to be mopped up off the floor. The dishes had to be washed as well.


Man, how did Mystia manage this place before I came? All she does is sing...


I had just started wiping down the second table when Rumia rang the bell in the kitchen that signaled that she had finished a dish. I went in, told her that that was the last dish, received the expected, "Is that so~?" and made my way back to the last customers of the day. When I looked at the dish, I recognized what was different from the rest of the dishes that night. In other words, what Ran had meant when she emphasized the word lamprey. It was the same dish that I had when I had first come here. It was fish, not lamprey.


How stupid. Why doesn't she just put fish on the menu? Or make a menu in the first place? It's ridiculous for a restaurant to only have one dish.


As I got within earshot of their conversation, I heard Ran and Chen talking about something that, yet again, perked my interest.


"What was Yukari-sama looking for?"


"I don't know, but I heard that another human from the outer world fell through a border again when she searched his bedroom. She has a bad habit of leaving them open."


Huh? That sounds suspiciously similar to what happened to me... Well, I thought it was Yukari who brought me here to begin with anyway.


I decided to attempt to get some confirmation on my suspicions.


"Hey..."


Ran looked up from her seat and saw the tray of food in my hands. The conversation stopped as Chen's face lit up at the sight, already picking up her chopsticks in anticipation, and as Ran thanked me. It took me a few seconds to realize that I should actually put the dishes down on their table; I was still trying to come up with a well-worded way to ask about Yukari. So I bent down to place them down and at the same time, whispered in Ran's ear, "I need to talk to you. It's not so important that I can't wait for you to eat first, though."


I caught a glimpse of her looking at me quizzically as I turned around and headed back to the kitchen. Along the way, Mystia told me to "Wash the dishes!" and I gave her the usual "Yes, yes, I know". Rumia was gone already, having cooked the last meal of the night. Apparently, Mystia thought that grilling lamprey (and fish) wasn't too hard for the darkness youkai but didn't want to risk breaking dishes on her dishwashing. I, on the other hand, preferred not to cook. I can't cook. And I'd probably burn myself.


Tonight was a slow night so the dishes weren't piled up like usual. I spent half an hour washing two thirds of them and wondered if Mystia was handling the remaining customers or was waiting for me to finish so that she wouldn't have to do any work. My question was answered when I walked out of the kitchen, the dishes washed and drying. All the tables were empty. There was no sight of anyone except for Mystia wiping down the tables and humming to herself. Ran and Chen were gone along with my hopes of finding a way back home.


I didn't have anything else to do for the night besides wiping the tables, but Mystia was doing it already so I went back into the kitchen where I slept. But it was too early to sleep. I went out the back way of the kitchen for some fresh air and walked around. Mystia's darkness spell was still affecting me so there was no way to escape from paying my debt. I walked around a bit, always keeping the light from the kitchen in my view so I could find my way back. Everything else was pitch black. It was a good way to avoid outside distractions and just think for a while... except that tonight, something did distract me. From somewhere in the darkness, someone said, "Good, you came outside."


I jumped. The voice seemed to be right next to me. I backed off from it hurriedly and stumbled over something. The voice laughed.


"Quite bird-eyed, aren't you?"


"Who's there?"


The voice laughed again and a figure blocked the light from the kitchen. I could just make out a silouhette that had pointed ears and many tails. It was Ran.


"Oh, it's you."


"It's me. So what's so important that you would resort to speaking with a youkai like me?"


I made my way around the dark blob blocking out the light back towards the kitchen where I could see more clearly. Ran patiently waited as I continued to stumble across random objects strewn across ground to sit down in front of the doorway. With the light at my back shining towards where I was looking now, I could see that the fox looked the complete opposite of how I felt. While I felt tired and nervous, she looked at ease in the night. Not quite how I wanted the situation to be when I tried to enlist her help, but I would have to deal with it. Hopefully looking pathetic would get me some sympathy points.


"Well?"


"Oh, right. Sorry. First of all, the reason I need your help is not because you are a youkai or that you have a great deal of power but because you know people."


"What are you getting at? Just make your point!"


"I don't belong here."


"What does that have to do with me?"


I sighed. There was no way to circumvent asking directly. I opened my mouth and... heard a rustling noise straight ahead, behind Ran. Naturally, I couldn't see a thing except a few feet in front of me. Luckily, I could see Ran who turned around quickly and tense up in anticipation of an attack or something. However, she quickly relaxed and walked out of my tiny sphere of sight. Some more rustling and a surprised yelp later, she returned holding the hand of a with a sorry-looking Chen.


"I thought I told you to go on home."


"Awwww, but I was curious."


Forgetting for a moment that I was supposed to be trying to persuade Ran to let me see Yukari, I smiled at this scene. Ran scolded Chen lightly as Chen looked down at the floor. After a bit, Ran told her again to go home, and again Chen protested. It was getting late and I needed an answer before I felt too sleepy so I attempted to form some sort of compromise.


"Just let her stay and listen. It won't take much longer."


"...Alright. So what were you going to say?"


Again, I sighed and looked at both youkai before declaring, "I need to see your master?"


There was an awkward silence as the cat and the fox both regarded me intently as if they were trying to find some sign that I was joking or something. Somehow, Chen found such a sign and started laughing, but Ran knew I was serious.


"You're either the most foolish human I've ever met or you have some sort of hidden power that I cannot detect. Either way, there is no way I can allow you to see Yukari-sama. Don't waste my time. Come on, we're going."


Ran grabbed Chen by the arm, who was rather surprised, and together they flew off. I couldn't see them anymore, but I stood up and ran up to where they were a moment ago. Frantically waving my arms wildly in random directions, I shouted into the darkness, "Wait! Come back!"


There was no response.


"Ran! Ran Yakumo! Come back!"


The silence was deafening. I collapsed onto my knees as another chance of going home escaped from my grasp. The wind was blowing and it was extremely cold tonight, but I didn't care. I sat there as the kitchen lights went out behind me, as Mystia closed down the restaurant and inn for the rest of the night. 
Mystia pretty much had to drag me back into the kitchen so that I wouldn't freeze to death, and I was too depressed to take note that she was trying to say something to me. Something about doing a good job and it being my last day tommorrow. I just sort of nodded without really hearing the words. After she stopped talking and left, I went to sleep just so I wouldn't have to think about tonight any longer. Unfortunately, though I wanted to sleep, I couldn't get my mind to settle down. I kept thinking about how close I was to seeing someone who could have sent me home in an instant. Finally, after what must have been at least an hour of brooding, I went into a fitful slumber.


The next morning, I was awakened by a sharp pain in my side.


"Ow!"


"Wake up! You overslept! Is this the way to start your last day here? Don't make me add another day if you slack today."


I looked up, one hand rubbing my eyes while the other rubbed the ribs that Mystia had apparently kicked to wake me up. When my vision cleared, she was still looking intently at me, looking like she might kick me again if I didn't hurry up and start working already. I yawned before getting up and running through my head the list of things to do before I could take a break until nighttime. Except there didn't seem to be anything to do.


"Huh, that's a first."


"What do you mean 'huh'? Are you getting to work or do I have to add another day?"


"Well that's the thing. I don't have anything to do until some customers come."


"I really doubt that. Don't you need to wash the..." Mystia pointed at the sink, but noticed that it was empty. Unfazed in her belief that I definately had something to do, she declared, "Okay, no dishes, but you need to wipe the tables."


I looked at her for about three seconds before she realized that she was the one who had done that last night. As I expected, she tried to make me mop the floor as well, but when we both walked outside, it was a clean as ever. I had done that last night as well. She looked as confused as I was.


"You're right, this is a first... Just go back in the kitchen and wait then."


I did, and she walked off upstairs, humming like always. Without the night sparrow in my face anymore, my mind started wandering. As one might expect, I remembered what had happened last night, but it was all in perspective now. Just like the time I had tried to get Keine to help me, it was only chance that I had found such a person who could help me. I had completely forgotten that I was really on my way to see Reimu again and hopefully receive some good news. Ran was just a quicker way to acheive the same result, and definately less safe as I didn't quite know if she would try to protect me like Reimu would if Yukari decided to "have fun" with me. Still, I couldn't help but grumble a bit at the fact that I was that close.


Oh, well. No use crying over spilled milk.

In contrast to my abnormally laidback morning, the night time rush was abnormally busy. It was so busy, Mystia actually abandoned her singing to keep her business running smoothly. Not used to seeing all the tables full all at once, this was the first time that I'd seen people wait for a table. Somehow, Rumia was able to cook the food quickly enough, although I had a suspicion that Mystia had told her just to throw the lamprey on the grill even before the orders came. I myself was trying my best to clean the tables and clear the dishes quickly enough to keep a steady flow of customers going in and out. Mystia was seating and taking orders. Several times, I had to wash the dishes and leave her to seat customers, take orders, clear dishes, AND clean tables. It was the most hectic night of work for me and it seemed like it would never end.


After business finally slowed down, as I was carrying some dirty dishes back to the kitchen, Mystia walked up and said to me, "There's someone who wants to talk to you out there. She's at the table second closest to the entrance on the right."


After dropping off the dishes, I exited the kitchen and scanned the tables for someone I recognized. Mystia's ambiguous statement on the location of this person wasn't any help as I didn't know whether she meant the right as seen from the kitchen or the right as seen as entering the restaurant. But that didn't matter much. Someone waved at me as I was searching. Someone who had nine bushy yellow tails and a white cap that covered her two pointy fox ears.


"You... What are you doing back here again tonight?"


I wasn't really in the mood to be nice to try to persuade her again. Of course, I hadn't really expected to see her again so soon in the first place. Ran scratched the back of her head as she started to explain, "Well, you see..."

22 hours earlier

As she expected, light snoring could still be heard from Yukari's chamber when Ran returned with Chen from the restaurant where that human had stupidly made the impossible request to see her master. Didn't he know that that would mean waking Yukari - something that no one but the insolent red-white shrine maiden would dare to do? It was a good thing that precious few knew exactly where they lived or else the world would have ended already from the disturbances that could potentially disturb her sleep.


Chen yawned as she alighted behind Ran and trudged wearily into her room where she curled up on a mat and fell asleep. Ran always found it strange that her shikigami slept like that. Once, when Ran offered her something to sleep in, she refused it, saying that her little mat was enough. Ran herself slept in a futon. She looked at it and sighed. There was still a lot to do before she could sleep. For some reason, though she was almost never awake to see it, Yukari liked to see her mansion clean and orderly. Since Ran never knew when she would awake, she spent everyday making sure everything was clean almost to the point of obsession. Besides the usual furniture to clean, there were also strange machines that had long tail-like things that led to the other side of many gaps. Yukari's explanation for those tails was that they needed "electricity" to run correctly, whatever that was.


Deciding to clean at this time was probably the luckiest thing Ran had done in a while because when she finished, she noticed that the snoring from the only room she hadn't entered to clean couldn't be heard. Tentatively, she opened to door a crack and peered in. There was her master, sitting up and yawning and still looking like she had been up for several days straight. Seldom was that look ever gone from her appearance. Opening the door fully, Ran stepped in softly.


"Did you sleep well, Yukari-sama?"


Yukari mumbled a short but unintelligible reply that Ran interpreted as a "not really," judging from the look on Yukari's face. She yawned again before getting out of her futon and putting some clothes on. Over her nightgown. In a slightly more audible voice, she said, "I'm hungry... Ran, what's for breakfast?"


Thinking quickly, Ran remembered the leftovers from just a while ago. Yukari said to "microwave" them, which, in and of itself, didn't mean much to Ran. What it meant to her was to put the leftovers in one of the strange machines shaped like a box and push some of the buttons on the side. The box lit up and made a somewhat annoying droning noise as the food rotated around it. She stared at the bright light boredly and in about a minute, it beeped at her and stopped its mysterious glowing. She took out the food which was now somehow hot. Truly a mystery of life.


As her master ate, Ran said offhandedly, "I suppose I could have brought that human here tonight if I knew you would wake up so soon."


Yukari swallowed her mouthful and asked, "What human?"


"There was this waiter at Mystia's lamprey place that said some pretty strange things and that wanted to see you. He even started yelling at me when I flew off after telling him that he couldn't."


Yukari already had another mouthful of food and Ran waited patiently and thought about that human again. He had yelled for her to come back and even called her by her full name.


Wait, did I even tell him my name?


As far as she could remember, he might have learned her first name when she told him to tell Mystia that she and Chen were there. But how did he know the name of Yakumo? She thought and thought and was smacked on the head by chopsticks.


"Ow!"


"Did you hear me?"


"Huh?"


"I said that you can take him here tommorrow. What were you thinking about?"


"...Nothing."


Yukari put down the bowl and yawned loudly.


"I'm going back to sleep."

"So... I can see Yukari?'


Ran nodded at me. She had just told me that during one of her waking periods, Yukari had said to bring me to her residence tonight. I couldn't believe my luck. Or was it misfortune? I wondered why Yukari had allowed me to go and decided that it was definately not for my benefit.


"I'm off work for good in about another hour. Can we wait that long?"


"We have a lot of time before Yukari-sama wakes again. And I haven't eaten yet. So one order of real lamprey please."

"Whew."


I sighed with relief as the last customer left the building and Mystia closed the place down. Ran was supposedly waiting for me outside, waiting for me to be officially released from my debt that I had stupidly incurred. With renewed spirits, I trotted over to the night sparrow to take my leave and say goodbye. She turned to me as I approached and smiled at me for the first time since I had started working here, which took me by surprise. The look I usually received was a glare followed by an order in a bossy voice. This drastic opposite that was now on her face seemed so out of place now.


"So you're going to leave right away?"


"Yup. It's a relief to be able to finally get back to whatever I was doing before."


She laughed - another thing that seemed uncharacteristic from my point of view - and asked smugly, "You hate working here that much? Hey, what were you doing before anyway?"


"Well... I was trying to find a way back home, but I wasn't getting anywhere close."


"Oh, really? You know, I was going to let you go after only four days since you were doing such a good job, but decided against it. If I'd known..."


"Don't worry about it. In fact, if you hadn't make me work here, I wouldn't have found this person who may be able to help me."


"Hmm... funny how the world works, huh?"


By now, the Mystia's strangeness was really freaking me out. I was trying to find some sort of reason for her to be acting this way, but all the things I came up with didn't make much sense.


Maybe she really is this nice and just acts all bossy to her employees. I mean it did make me think that something bad would happen if I didn't work hard...


"Yeah. Well, I should go now. Someone's waiting for me outside... I think."


"Wait."


Mystia ran behind the counter and rummaged around for something somewhere and ran back. She pushed something into my hands. Looking down, I saw a few bills of money.


"Huh? What's this for?"


"It's your wage. Minus the cost of what you owed me and the cost of the food that you ate while working here. Now, then. Since you are no longer an employee here, get out, we're closed."


She pushed me towards and the door as I stumbled across the hardwood floor. At the entrance, a final big push caused me to fall onto the dirt of the path that I had tried to follow so long ago.


"Thank you, come again!"


The door slammed shut and the lock clicked. From behind I heard Ran ask, "What just happened there?"


I stood up, dusted myself off, and replied, "I have no idea." 
The fastest way to travel around Gensokyo obviously was flying. Since I clueless on how to fly let alone magic in general, Ran was quite annoyed with how things turned out. I wasn't too happy about the arrangement either, but there was no other choice. As Ran flew gracefully in the sky, I was dangling dangerously close to the tops of the trees, holding onto nothing but her arm with both hands. As one might imagine, this was very difficult to do as my arms got tired. I wasn't quite sure, but it must have been pretty hard for Ran to carry a hundred and something pounds with one arm as well. But then again, what did I know? Youkai, especially a powerful one like her, might have incredible strength on top of their spiritually abilities. As we flew over the trees, I realized just how much of Gensokyo was covered in forest. I would have been hard pressed to find so many trees outside. It really was a pity how technology had erased so much of the natural world.


I struggled to hold on for much longer than I thought I could, about ten minutes, before I finally decided that we should probably take a break. Apparently, Ran was thinking the same thing. Just as I finished that thought, she asked, "Feel like taking a break?"


We landed in a small clearing. I noticed Ran rubbing the arm I had been holding on to and realized how much my own arms were hurting. We sat in that clearing for a good while, saying nothing and just massaging our aching limbs. It was probably a funny scene to anyone who might have stumbled upon it. I noticed a few fireflies flying around as I tried to get the feeling back into my arms. I watched as they danced around in a mesmerizing way, randomly yet somehow beautifully. Ran tapped me on the shoulder to get my attention.


"We should leave now."


"Huh? Why?"


"Do you see the fireflies? There's too many of them."


I looked back to the glowing insects. It seemed that more of them were appearing so that the air was filled with these dancing bugs. It may as well have been dawn from the amount of light that was being produced. I started to notice among them other insects as well. And then I realized what was causing all of this. I remarked aloud, "Well it's too late now. I think she's already noticed."


"That's right. It'd take an idiot not to notice you two weirdos."


The insects all at once flew to one edge of the clearing and by the fireflies' backlight, I saw a girl with two antennae protruding from her head.


Even before I heard her voice, I knew who this youkai was and what she would look like. Short bright green hair, fairly plain white shirt, somewhat long blue shorts, and a short black cape. Of course at night, I couldn't see details or colors very well so all I saw was a silhouette of someone with antennae and a lot a bugs swarming around. However, as soon as she stepped out into the light of the half moon, her appearance dispelled any apprehension I may have been feeling. Which was close to none anyway.


Back in the world that I was more familiar with, back in the "real" world, I had never payed too much attention to this particular person. She wasn't exactly a subject of attention in the fan base I had known and I myself wasn't too interested. This is the reason that when I actually saw her for the first time, she didn't seem threatening at all. She looked really young. She could have passed as nine years old and looked like she was trying her hardest to look like a boy. As she confidently strutted closer to us, she reminded me of a little kid acting the part of a superhero.


Something tugged on my sleeve and looked back to see Ran.


"Come on, let's go before this gets stupid."


I started to walk off with the fox, but apparently the newcomer wasn't going to let us go that easily. Before I could get a good grip on Ran's arm, she quickly flew up and covered the rest of the distance between us in a matter of seconds and landed in front of us, blocking the way we were about to go in.


"Hey, don't pretend I don't bug you!"


I smacked my palm to my face when I heard that. So did Ran, but she also said with a muffled voice, "Didn't you say that the last time I saw you?"


"The last time you saw me?" the youkai asked. She thought back for a moment before jumping back and pointing at Ran, "Ah! You're that weird fox youkai that that other weird youkai threw at me!"


A strange image of someone throwing someone else as if pitching a baseball quickly flashed through my mind and I had to stifle a chortle. Meanwhile, Ran was trying to intimidate the stranger, but seemed to be failing. When I redirected my attention back to the two, I heard the short bug girl shout, "You can't scare me off! Just because you beat me last time doesn't mean you can do it again and this time, you don't have those other two to help you!"


For a second, she paused as she collected her thoughts. Then, after a taking a deep breath, she exclaimed as loud as she could, "I, Wriggle Nightbug, challenge you to a duel!"


"You want me to duel you?" Ran asked scornfully, "That'd just be a waste of time."


I couldn't agree more with that statement. But on the other hand, I couldn't agree less. I had a feeling that if the fox just agreed to fight and beat the crap out of Wriggle, we would have spent less time than this pointless argument was taking. From my knowledge, Ran's power was much greater than that of the bug youkai's and we would have been well on our way to the Yakumo household in less than a minute. If only Wriggle was more inclined to attacking without warning, forcing Ran to attack back and ending it quickly. Or if only Ran were more inclined to accepting pointless duels.


Instead, there they were, looking like a little kid trying to pester her mother into doing a favor. Well that was a bad comparison since it was more like pestering someone into killing her. But whatever, it was getting annoying.


"Are you two going to fight or not?!"


The youkai looked at me with surprise, having already forgotten that I existed. Wriggle took my sudden exclamation to be proof that she was right, and seemed very satisfied with herself. Ran, however, marched up to me, looking every bit like she was going to hurt me. I took a hesitant step back as she bent over, bringing her face within half a foot of my own. As she opened her mouth to say something, I was sure she was going to be yelling or growling or in some other way intimidating me. What I wasn't expecting her to do was to simply whisper, "What are you thinking?"


"Huh?" I said as I looked stupidly back at her, completely taken aback by the lack of volume. And then I realized that she wasn't angry at all - in fact, she was sort of smiling. Kind of. Maybe.


"I said, what are you thinking?" she repeated, "You sounded like you had a plan."


"Oh, uh, well," I stuttered as I stalled for time to collect my thoughts. "How long do you think it would take to defeat this person?"


Ran glanced back at Wriggle, who was looking at us like we were planning her death or something. Which technically wasn't too off. The bug youkai sneezed and wiped her nose on her sleeve.


"Not too long."


"Then just fight her instead of arguing about nothing."


She looked back at Wriggle again, just in time to see a bug land on her left antennae, causing her to jump and look around for the source of the "danger."


"You have a very good point."


Ran straightened up and we both walked back to Wriggle. She greeted us with an eye roll and a "'Bout time." Ran ignored that remark and informed her of her decision.


"I accept the duel. Standard rules. The battle ends when one of us cannot continue fighting or when one of us gives up," she stated, "And this human here is the observer, I guess."


"That means I just start the battle and watch right?" I managed to ask Ran before she took flight. She nodded to me as she rose in altitude with Wriggle close behind. At a considerably high height, the two of them separated, leaving a fairly great distance between them. They looked at me, which I took as a sign that they were ready.


"Begin!" I shouted as loudly as I could. I actually doubted they could here me but apparently just seeing my lips move was enough. Immediately, Ran declared a spellcard, visibly surprising Wriggle. It was apparent that she was going to go all out. In response, the bug youkai declared her own spellcard, ready to counter one attack with another. In only a few seconds, the battle was already ready to explode.


From my position, I couldn't hear the what the two of them had said as they unlocked the powers in their respective cards. In fact, I couldn't even see them pull out their spellcards either. Logically, I shouldn't have been able to detect the fact that both of them had declared a spellcard. By now, though, I had already learned that Gensokyo was not a logical place - at least not by my standards. Perhaps there was some sort of aura that surrounded the declarers, or maybe it was the way the environment seemed more quiet and foreboding like the calm before a storm , but I couldn't be sure. The only thing I was sure about was that both of them had just raised their attack abilities significantly.


However, I still didn't know what they had declared, but that wasn't anything a little observation couldn't fix. Ran didn't even wait. Since Wriggle had declared slightly later than Ran had, her spellcard would also have become fully active slightly later, giving the fox youkai a few precious extra moments to set up her attack. Multiple glowing orbs materialize around Ran and quickly spread themselves out in a semi-random manner. Wriggle barely had enough time to even look at the one closest to her before they started firing colored energy everywhere. And it was then, with the aqua and purple violet magic lighting up the night sky, that I recognized the spellcard. It was Shikigami "Banquet of 12 General Gods", an attack that was designed to limit the movement of the target while barraging it with projectiles from multiple sides. I squinted at the center of the attack, where it was most chaotic and saw that the bug youkai was indeed trapped in a purple cage of pure energy with teal arcs cutting through and coming dangerously close to her body.


Of course, Wriggle didn't really need to dodge the attack too well. After all, she still had her own card to defend with. Whatever it was, if it was strong enough, it could nullify most or all of Ran's attack. So that's what she did. It wasn't even three seconds before a blast of magic, this one yellow, erupted from within the purple prison, neutralizing it. Wriggle created a second wave almost immediately and I saw more clearly the attack was. She spun around quickly, emitting yellow orbs from her body and forming two solid yellow rings around her. It was a perfect defensive move, except that the rings only stayed for a second and a half. After that, the orbs that made up the rings suddenly exploded into smaller yellow and green projectiles. It was difficult for me to determine what the name of the attack was since many of Wriggle's attacks looked similar, but there was one aspect of this particular one that gave it away. It was fast, so fast that there was barely any time to react to the attack once the defensive ring dispersed into the offensive spread. Hidden Bug "Hermit of an Endless Night".


Both spellcards were, to my surprise, apparently the same strength. As I watched, neither the purple and blue nor the yellow and green were overtaking the other. Just as I wondered how long they would just sit there nullifying each other's attacks, Ran suddenly switched strategies. All of the luminescent orbs that she was attacking with dissipated and she dashed forward at full speed - she had dropped her spellcard prematurely. Wriggle didn't change her plans and continued the same attack. As soon as Ran entered the deadly pattern, she seemed to blend into it. The yellows of the projectiles were the same color as her most prominent feature, her tails. Periodically, bursts of brilliant teal broke the monotony of the shifting yellow, each time getting closer and closer to the center, the source of the attack. And then, just as I thought Ran had broken through and was about to hit Wriggle with something, the attack changed.


Suddenly, instead of needle-like projectiles, the yellow balls erupted into multicolored butterflies. From the center, red and blue butterflies were also being produced, following each other in single file curves so that they looked like twisting beams. To my disappointment, Ran was thrown out of the new attack back into plain sight by one of the beams of blue butterflies. After righting herself from getting hit for the first time, she looked back down at me from a hundred meters up gravely and I knew that she was thinking what I was. This battle was not going to be as easy as we had thought originally. Wriggle had somehow acquired the ability to use her last word at will. Her most powerful attack, "Unseasonal Butterfly Storm", was going to be difficult to defeat.


At least, I thought it was going to be difficult, even for Ran, but in a minuscule moment, I thought I caught a grin. As I squinted up at the sky in an attempt to verify it, a swarm of glowing butterflies engulfed her and she was once again hidden in the thick barrage. I seriously wondered how well Ran could dodge and worried that perhaps she had underestimated Wriggle. But my doubts were dispelled almost immediately after I had lost sight of her. A bright burst of neon colors from within the shifting pattern of butterflies caused a fairly large gap to appear, revealing an unscathed Ran. It wouldn't last long though and I was expecting Ran to rush forward to attack Wriggle through the split second opening, but nothing of that sort happened.


Instead, she rummaged in her clothing and pulled out what I was sure was a spellcard. But there was no way that she could declare it and force back that many projectiles quickly enough. A short but incomplete list of Ran's spellcards flew through my head, but not a single one of them would be theoretically possible to counter with on time... unless she was planning to use her trump card. But to unlock the full power of that attack, she would need to be absolutely desperate - on the verge of death. No one in her right mind would do that unless it was clear she would need to use it, would she?


Well, no matter what I thought, she was going to do whatever she was doing. And what she was doing was raising her right hand straight up with a rectangular card. The card flashed brightly for a millisecond as she muttered something just as the nearest butterflies got to her. I didn't even see her hand lower. The break in the pattern that she had created to get that brief chance to declare closed around her again and I lost sight of the fox youkai again. I expected to see some sign of struggle in the swarm of butterflies, but nothing happened. No flashes as energy negated itself. No sign of interference in the twisting maze. Not even a glimpse of one of Ran's bright yellow tails.


What's going on?


Wriggle ended her spellcard finally, after almost a full two minutes. I was amazed that she had enough stamina and spirit energy to keep it up that long. The butterflies disappeared into thin air as soon as she stopped. Even from my position, I could see that the bug youkai was exhausted from that exertion. But where was Ran? I scanned skies and saw no one but the green-haired girl. My heart dropped. Was Wriggle's attack so strong that not even a trace of her opponent could be found afterwards? She apparently thought so from what I saw on her tired but smug face as she flew towards me.


While she was still in the air, a name that had been lost in my memory suddenly popped into my head. Tenko. For some reason, I couldn't quite remember exactly what Tenko was, but something was nagging me, trying to tell me that it was important. And then it hit me - at the same time Wriggle was hit from behind by a concentrated blast of energy from a nine tailed fox who had miraculously materialized out of nowhere. The spellcard she had declared earlier was Shikigami's Radiance "Princess Tenko -Illusion-". Though I had no idea how it worked, I knew that it allowed Ran to hide herself from anything and at the same time reappear anywhere within the vicinity of several meters.


The force of the attack caused Wriggle to lose control of her flight, hurling at a dangerously high speed toward the tree line. Again, Ran disappeared and reappeared next to her target and blasted her with the concentrated blue burst. Wriggle reversed directions, heading toward the ground. At me. My body froze up as I saw her body flying uncontrollably towards my face, but Ran continued her assault and appeared at another angle to hit the bug youkai in another direction. At this point I started feeling sorry for Wriggle.


Ran did a total of five hits before wearing herself out completely. The end result was an unmoving Wriggle who was lying in the middle of the clearing. Ran landed next to her, gasping for air as she tried to catch her breath, and bent over to examine the defeated night bug. I approached with new respect for Ran. In fact, she sort of scared me now. She looked up at me and remarked, "She's just unconscious. It's better this way anyway. She can't stop us from leaving now."


I was about to ask something - whether it was really necessary to defeat Wriggle in such a brutal manner - but someone else spoke first, "I think you've gotten stronger, Ran. Have you been training while I've been napping?"


The voice came from above so we looked up, but instead of seeing someone flying as I had expected, I saw... nothing. But it was a special kind of nothing. That nothingness wasn't supposed to be there. Something was missing from a tiny portion of the night sky, as if someone had made a hole in the sky.


"Yukari-sama, you were watching the whole time?" asked a surprised Ran. The hole in the sky widened until it looked like a dark blot was covering the constellations. And then a head popped out of the hole. 
There was something wrong with this picture, but I couldn't quite put my finger on it. At least not in the mental state I was in when I woke up. Actually, the fact I was waking up didn't even make any sense. When had I gone to sleep? The haziness lifted slightly and the memory of the very last thing I saw floated into my head. Something with someone's head popping out of nowhere upside-down, which was kinda freaky, especially since I hadn't been expecting it. Wait, if I was just waking up, did that mean that the whole thing was a dream? It had been an interesting dream, even though there were times when I feared for my life.


For another few minutes, I kept my eyes closed and just lied there in the warm and comfortable bed, trying to return to that strange dream. But I wasn't sleepy anymore. It didn't work. I sat up and opened my eyes and the face of a cat-eared girl filled my vision.


"Woah!" I exclaimed as I scrambled my way away from her and to the other edge of the bed. This wasn't my room - I was still trapped in this dream that was anything but a dream. But where was I now? Of course, the answer was obvious. If this cat-girl, who was now giggling at my extreme reaction, was here, I could only be in two places: Mayohiga, or Yukari's residence. And since Ran was taking me to her master, it could only be the latter. The door opened and in walked the fox-eared girl. Speak of the devil. Or think of him. Whatever.


"I thought that such a commotion could only mean that you were awake," she greeted me.


"How did I end up here?" I asked.


"Straight to the point, huh? Well, it seems that Yukari-sama believed it was easiest to abduct you while you were unconscious so she manipulated a border to induce unconsciousness on you before transporting you to this very room."


"Wait, wait, wait. Then why didn't she just wake me up again after she was done?"


"She... went back to sleep after retrieving you without doing anything else. She said she'd be ready to talk in about two days or so."


I sighed. Two days? What was I going to do for two days? I wondered what was going on at home right now and if two additional days was really going to make a difference now that I'd been gone for what felt like a month now. Chen, the cat-girl, had stopped giggling and was listening to the conversation with a somewhat bored expression. I had a strange urge to pet her but resisted it, thinking it would most likely piss her off. Instead I continued questioning Ran.


"So what am I supposed to do for two days?"


"Actually, you only need to wait for half a day. You've been out for almost a day and a half. You must be really hungry now."


As if on cue, my stomach growled and hunger pangs wrenched my empty stomach around.


"Now that you mention it..."


I got up out of the bed and was starting to follow Ran out of the room with Chen right behind me when I stopped. Chen ran into my backside, going "Hey! Don't stop so suddenly like that!" but I sort of just ignored her.


"Actually, before I go eat, there's something else I need to take care of. Where's the bathroom?"



A few minutes later, I wobbled my way down to the dining room where, thankfully, food had already been prepared. A lot of the dishes were meat of some sort, which made sense considering what my hostesses were. Chen was shoveling down an alarming amount of fish while Ran ate a little of everything. She seemed to be the only one who touched the vegetable dishes. One dish was especially tasty, but I couldn't quite identify what it was. So I asked.


"Hey, what kind of meat is this?"


Chen replied with, "Human meat!"


I choked on the piece I was about to swallow and coughed it up before realizing that both Chen and Ran were laughing. I couldn't believe they would do that! They definitely knew humans didn't eat other humans so why would they feed me-


"It's not human meat. Chen was just joking," said Ran before I finished my thought.


"Oh..."


I was relieved but a little annoyed as well. I never did touch that dish again for the remainder of the meal.



It was really dark outside now and I was starting to feel pretty tired when Ran told me that Yukari was ready to speak with me. It was rather unnerving, having to go talk to this powerful youkai so suddenly, but I wasn't about to pass up this chance to get home. All my other attempts had been thwarted by little technicalities, but the youkai of boundaries could get me home no matter what right? Guided by the fox, I reached Yukari's bedroom where, just outside, she wished me luck. I took a deep breath, slid open the door, and walked into the room.


Yukari greeted me from a seat at a table with a yawn. A really long and stupidly loud yawn. Did she just wake up or something? Surely she would have wanted to wait before meeting with me. Everything about her looked like she had just flopped out of her futon and decided to strike a conversation with a random stranger out of nowhere. Her blonde hair was extremely disheveled as if she had tossed and turned far above the normal amount and her clothes... did she sleep in her dress or something? I could see from the door that the purple material was creased, wrinkled, and quite probably dirty.


It suddenly struck me that my clothing was probably in far worse shape, considering how long I had been here without a change of clothes. Not to mention way too many random encounters with people about a thousand times stronger than me that invariably ended with me eating dirt. I self-consciously glanced at my jeans and jacket. The jeans were now so faded that it was more a dirty grey rather than blue now with rips and tears at the knees, but my black jacket was less noticeably worn down. Sure it was dirty but it was hard to see. I wished I had taken a bath before meetng Yukari too...


Yukari gestured at me to come join her the table. After shutting the door, I obeyed, taking a seat across the table from her and probably looking extremely nervous while doing so. She smiled enigmatically at me, which unsettled me even more, before pulling a teapot and two cups from out of nowhere. Literally. Describing Yukari's gaps in words would not be adequate, but it should give a general idea. It was very much like a two-dimensional hole that led to a completely different area. From the side, it was invisible. Even more peculiar, when I tried to see the back of it, it didn't even seem to exist. Yukari's hands just disappeared into thin air and reappeared with the pot and teacups.


As we sat there sipping the tea she had poured, not a single word passed between us. I didn't know what to say but Yukari remained silent. That is until...


"So."


I looked up from the dregs of the tea leaves that were left at the bottom of my cup.


"Uhh.. so what?"


"So, why are you here?"


"Why am I...?" I repeated disbelievingly, "Wait, aren't you the one that's supposed to be telling me that? What am I doing in Gensokyo? Why did you bring me here?"


"My, my. Jumping to conclusions are we?" she asked.


"What, are you denying it?" I countered, "It's the only logical conclusion to jump to,"


"Oh... did I sound like I was denying something? I just said you were jumping to conclusions."


I had to pause a moment to collect my thoughts. Okay... so she's not denying it. She's just being... hard to follow. It took another moment for me to realize that she still hadn't answered my question.


"So you did bring me to Gensokyo? Why?"


Yukari actually seemed to think about the question this time.


"Hmm, I wonder why..." she wondered aloud. Finally, she replied with, "Well, if I had to give a reason, it's because I was bored."


She smiled at me as she answered, and her mood at that the time was definitely the perfect opposite of mine. If there were a way to hurt Yukari, even if it meant my death, I would have done it, but what was I going to do? Punching a youkai was about as fruitless as trying to eat a boulder and this was talking about a youkai with normal power levels, not a youkai that could snap her fingers and make the whole world suddenly explode. However, the very next thing that happened drove the thought of getting back at Yukari out of my mind.


"Yukari!"


The door to the room slid open again and in stepped the red-white shrine maiden.


"We need to-"


She stopped short and looked at me with a bewildered expression on her face.


"How did you get here before I did?"


I sighed and replied, "It's a long story."



"So did you really think that I'd be able to last this long at the Scarlet Devil Mansion? It's been what? A month now? Do you realize it's actually almost spring?"


Getting chased out because of Marisa, sleeping on the floor at Marisa's, getting pranked on by random fairies, somehow getting caught up between the Mokou/Kaguya rivalry, slaving away at Mystia's restaurant. It was enough to make anyone go crazy. Reimu sipped her tea as she listened to me complaining about my misadventures. There were now three of us at the table, a youkai, a miko, and me, the normal guy. Which actually made me the weird one in this place. Reimu cut me off mid-complaint by banging her cup more loudly than usual against the table.


"I realize now that it was a bad idea to leave you at Remilia's place, but hindsight is always perfect. At the time, it seemed best because I hadn't expected to take so long to find this place."


Yukari had a bemused smile on her face as she asked, "What did take so long, Reimu? I had been expecting you at least a few weeks ago."


Reimu shot her a glare. "You were expecting me? How suspicious."


"Oh yes. You see, I've been watching this human here the whole time, including when he was talking with you and I must say it has been very entertaining. Usually I lose interest with these sort of things in a few days when it's obvious that the person I spirited away is going to die, but he"


"I've heard enough, thank you!" Reimu interrupted. "So you've done this on purpose more than once."


"Now, now. It's not like I leave them to die. Let's just say that the human villages have more outsiders living there than there would be if I weren't around."


"Ugh..." Reimu groaned as the meaning of those words sunk in. "I don't even know what to say to that..."


I remained silent, feeling completely out of place from the conversation even though I knew what every word meant.


"Well then allow me to continue," Yukari said. "As I was saying, this case has been very interesting due to one abnormal trait. If I remember correctly, his first encounter was with Youmu and Yuyuko where he somehow knew that they were from the Netherworld. Next, he knew who you were, Reimu, and that he was in Gensokyo. And as far as I can tell, the only reason why he is still alive right now is because he was able to predict, very accurately, how the important people he met would act. Interesting, isn't it?"


Reimu looked at me. "Yes... very interesting."


Well this is it, I thought to myself as both girls regarded me with curiosity and suspicion, The answer to their question is so ludicrous, I wonder if they'll even believe it.


"So," Reimu started. Here it comes. Time to make myself look like a nutjob. "Your special ability is foreknowledge of important information?"


"From a comp I mean, what?" I switched sentences midway.


"You know. Yukari's special ability is manipulation of borders. Remilia's is manipulation of fate. Yours is something like foreknowledge of information, right?"


I thought about it for a second, deciding which excuse for knowledge would make me seem less insane. In a normal world, I would have claimed that I learned information about an imaginary place from a computer game, but this was Gensokyo. This was not a normal world.


"Yeah, something like that I guess," I said, confirming the nonexistent power that I had. It wouldn't be too hard to keep up that facade would it? I mean I was awfully geeky about this sort of stuff.


"Anyway, it seems like we're forgetting why we're here," I said, "Yukari, are you going to send me back or not?"


"Mmmm, I'll sleep on it," she replied, starting to yawn again. She got up and headed back towards her futon. No way... didn't she just wake up from a two day nap?


"Reimu, you're not going to let her get away with this that easily are you?"


"Well, judging from your complaints earlier, you don't wanna end up in the middle of 'yet another danmaku fight', do you?" she asked, smirking a little as she did. "Besides, she said she'll think about it which is more than I can say for my requests."


"So you're basically saying you're too lazy to fight her if there's even a slight possibility of her agreeing to send me back," I shot at her, aiming for an angry retort.


Instead, Reimu said, "Yeah, that's basically it," and she got up and left, leaving me at a table with three empty teacups and an empty teapot in a room with a youkai that was already snoring in her futon. Sighing at my strange luck, I too stood up and left the room through the door that Reimu had left open. When I asked Ran, she said that the miko had already left.


It was pitch black outside and I was tired. There was nothing to do but hope for Yukari's cooperation in the morning (or whenever she would wake up) and go to sleep. 
"Oh, geez."


I looked with dismay at my room, now in complete disarray. Half the drawers were open and spilling their contents out onto the rug. My closet was empty, with everything it was storing around or on the bed. The ornamental katana I kept near my computer was somehow wedged in the doorframe so that it formed an effective tripwire for anyone who wasn't careful. I shouted at my brother, who had obviously made this mess.


"Hey! When you said you were going to search for 'something' in my room, did you say you were going to ransack the damn place too?!"


No one answered my voice.


Great, I'm home alone. I need a drink if I'm going to clean this up myself.


I caught a faint scent of cologne as I left to the kitchen, which confirmed that he was indeed the one who practically destroyed my room. Cursing my brother silently, I poured some sake from the fridge into a small cup and drank it like a shot of whiskey. Then, I started back to the big mess I had to clean up.


Stupid, stupid, stupid... why can't he do things like normal people do? It'd save me a lot of trouble everyday...

As I entered my room, still caught up in my thoughts, my foot got caught on something and I felt myself starting to fall forward.


Oh, shit! The sword!


I threw my other foot forward in an attempt to save myself, but it got caught too. I hit the floor and blacked out. Or at least I think I did. There was no impact and I couldn't tell if my eyes were open or closed. And I was still thinking.


What the hell?


Then, I saw a flash of textured brown, almost like dirt, and heard a thud as I felt a sharp pain before I stopped thinking. 

“Shanghai, come help me clean up. Marisa is coming over soon!”

Master is very excited today. Her good friend Marisa-san is coming to visit today. They haven’t seen each other since Master got married.

“Shanghai, clean up those beer cans!” Master calls from the kitchen.

I obediently bag up the cans of Suweiser. Master’s husband is such a slob.

“Master, wouldn’t it be nice if Anonymous-san would clean up after himself every once in a while?”

“Shanghai, don’t talk about my husband like that. It’s a wife’s duty to keep a house clean, you know?” she says, while wiping the grime off the coffee table.

“Marisa said she has an important announcement to make. I wonder if she finally found a nice guy to marry, like me?” Master mused.

A knock on the door caught Master off-guard.

“Oh, she’s early! Shit, the cleaning isn’t finished!” Master says, while throwing some dirty socks behind the couch.

“Go answer it while I freshen up,” she says, running to the bathroom.

I knew that she was going to put on some makeup to hide her bruises. I flew over to the door and struggled just to turn the knob. Houses really aren’t made for dolls. When I finally pull it open, I see a sight for sore eyes. Marisa Kirisame-san, radiant in a summer dress, stood on the porch. 
“Hello, Shanghai. Can I come in?” she says with a beaming smile.

“Of course! Please, have a seat. Master will be out in a second.”

Marisa hangs her witch hat on the coat rack, and then sits with her hands in her lap as I begin to pour some tea. It’s really cheap tea, so I make sure to put out lots of honey and sugar. She deliberately leans forward, so she won’t get her hair dirty on the greasy back of the couch.

“Marisa! Long time no see!”

Master finally emerges from the bathroom in a clean dress. I didn’t think she even had any clean clothes anymore… The two girls hug each other like sisters. Master does her best to hide a look of pain when Marisa squeezes her. I know she complained of a bruised rib the other day…

“So what’s your big announcement, Marisa? I’ve been waiting all day to hear it! Oh, but we’ll have to be quick. My husband will get upset if he comes home and sees your broomstick in the driveway again.”

Marisa-san said nothing, but simply raised her hand. On her finger was a modest, but beautiful ring. “Oh my gosh, you really are getting married! I’m so happy for you? So, who’s the lucky guy?”

“Ah, about that…” said Marisa, looking away.

“I’m getting married to Reimu.” 
Master was speechless, her mouth agape.

“Sweetie, by now I thought you would’ve grown out of your girl-crushes,” she finally blurts out. Surprisingly, Marisa-san doesn’t look offended.

“But we love each other, Alice,” Marisa-san says with a warm smile. “We’re going to live in the shrine together. We’ve already discussed adopting a child-“

“Oh? And how do you think you’ll pay for all the expenses? You’re a two-bit magician who plays kids shows and she’s a miko with no weekly paycheck. Do you think her donations will put your child through college? Sweetheart, let me find you a nice guy, like my husband.”

“Like that husband who beats you?” Marisa-san said, while wiping the makeup off Master’s face, revealing the bruises underneath. Master smacked Marisa-san’s hand away roughly.

“I told you, I tripped on my dress! And I’m pregnant now, so he wouldn’t hit me!” Master says, lifting her dress to show Marisa-san her stomach with its steadily growing bump.

“Honey, I had no idea… Well, if he ever hits you again, I want you to call me, OK?”

By now, Master was visibly upset.

“Where do you get off accusing Anonymous of such horrible things?! He’s a great man, he just gets angry sometimes. His job is very stressful.” 
“Alice, I’m worried that one day he’ll be more than angry. I know what he did at the Scarlet Devil Mansion. He’s capable of killing, you know…”

“What the hell are you talking about? He promised me he’d never go back there after I caught him fooling around with the gate guard.”

“You know those books he got you as a wedding present? He stole them from Patch’s library, may she rest in peace. I was there when the mansion burned down. After Anon stole the books, he let Flandre out of her room. He pricked his finger and shoved it in her mouth and said his blood was delicious candy. Being a vampire, she wanted more and flew into a furor. He said that she can get more candy from Sakuya. Flandre found Sakuya and began ripping her to shreds. She barely had time to yell for help before Flandre decapitated her and began to drink her blood. Meiling heard Sakuya’s screams, but because of all the abuse she suffered at Sakuya’s hands, she took off into the woods instead of saving her boss. No one has heard from Meiling since. By the time Remilia was roused from her slumber, Flandre had already made it into the library and had impaled a straw into Patchouli’s half-dead body and was drinking her dry. Remilia confronted her sister, and after a fierce battle that wrecked the mansion and set it on fire, Flandre was finally killed. Remilia, vowing to never return to Gensokyo, gathered up Sakuya’s head and flew off into the night. I confronted Anonymous about why he set this chain of events into motion. He said, ‘I did it for the lulz’. Don’t you see, Alice? He’ll hurt you without even blinking!” 
Master’s face was bright red at this point. She’d heard enough, even if it was all true.

“You’re lying! How would you know all this, anyway? There’s a restraining order against you from going near the mansion ever since you assaulted Patchouli when she didn’t have a book that you wanted to steal!”

“I… I snuck back in to steal some more books. I didn’t want to report Anonymous to the police, since I knew he would be unstable if he thought he would be caught, and I was worried about you. I thought you would come to your senses about him and leave him by now…”

A cracking sound split the tension in the room like a peal of thunder. Master’s anger had finally reached its boiling point, and she slapped her best friend. Marisa-san, stunned at this outburst, gingerly felt the large red mark on her cheek.

“How dare you come into my house and insult my husband like this? Get the fuck out, right now!”

“Alice, please! You’re a victim, we can get you help-“ Marisa-san tried to plead with Master. Her golden eyes were full of worry.

Master would have none of it. She yanked Marisa-san up by her arm and shoved her towards the door.

“Shanghai, get the door!” Master ordered curtly. Not wanted to disobey, I swung the door open. Master pushed Marisa-san out. She landed roughly on the porch. Master grabbed Marisa-san’s hat and threw it in her face.

“Don’t forget your hat, you dyke! Don’t come around here again!”

Master slammed the door. From the window, I watched Marisa-san board her broom and ride off, after one last glance back at the house. I think I saw tears running down her face. Turning back to Master, I saw her slumped against the door, head in her hands. 
“I… I’m better off without her, anyway. I’m fine as long as I have Anon…”

Master trailed off as she noticed the black and white doll on the shelf. It was a perfect likeness of Marisa-san, and making it was a real labor of love. I remember how proud Master was when she completed it. She planned to give it to Marisa-san as a wedding gift. Picking up the doll, Master began to sob.

“Oh god… What have I done…”

She fell to the floor as she clutched the doll to her chest. Master began weeping loudly, tears streaming down her cheeks. All I could so was stroke her hair until she cried herself to sleep. I snuggled up next to her neck and fell asleep, too.

The sound of the door slamming woke me up. Oh no, Anonymous-san was home from work, and Master hadn’t cooked dinner yet.

“Honey, I’m home,” he said with a belch. He must’ve stopped at the smoked eel stand for a few bottles of sake before he came home… again.

“Where the fuck is dinner? Bitch, what the fuck are you doing?” he said, noticing Master sprawled out on the floor. She was just beginning to wake up when Anonymous-san snatched the doll from her hands. 
“You’re still playing with dolls? How pathetic,” he said, before throwing the black and white doll to the floor and grinding it to dust under his work boots.

“No! Why did you do that? That was my favorite doll!” Master protested. That was a bad idea.

“For the lulz. Now I’ll teach you what happens when you don’t make dinner on time!”

Anonymous-san delivered a fierce backhand to Master’s face. Her nose exploded in a cloud of blood. She was on her back now, whimpering. Anonymous-san began stomping down on Master’s stomach, hard. She screamed in pain, digging her nails into the carpet in agony. I was powerless to do anything. I knew that if I tried to attack Anonymous-san, he’ll just blame Alice and make her suffer even more. I covered my ears until the commotion died down. Anonymous-san retreated to his bedroom. I looked over towards Master, who was coughing up fierce amounts of blood. I was worried for her life, until she rolled over on her side and passed out. It was all I could do to wipe up the blood around her mouth. Her breathing was ragged and irregular. I resolved to stay up all night if I had to, to protect my Master.

Sunlight streaming in through the blinds woke me up. Oh no, I fell asleep! Is Master alright? I can’t see her anywhere.

“Oh, Shanghai, you’re awake. Anon felt so bad about what he did that he must’ve gotten a new doll for me! I don’t know why it was covered in blood, but that’s alright. It’s the perfect size, too. I’ll start knitting some clothes for it right away! I’m so excited!”

Master walked in from the kitchen and placed the doll next to me. It was made of some weird pink material, like rubber.

Oh, god…

I may just be a doll, but even I know that this was no wooden likeness. Alice had a miscarriage during the night. 
Yet another ordinarily boring day. Here I am driving to work yet again, I don’t know why I bother going really, I hardly enjoy the thing anyway. Standing behind a counter or walking down aisles putting things on shelves is hardly an extreme activity. Still, money is money, I suppose. I tapped my fingers on the steering wheel along to the music, some music track called Riverside View from a series of games I love, but no-one else I know has heard of it strangely enough, their loss really.

I sighed in annoyance, these traffic lights always had a tendency to take an eternity to change, and today was no different. Traffic flew by in front of me, everyone in the morning work rush, with any luck; I won’t have to do this in a year or two. Once I have some qualifications under my belt mornings won’t exist any more, I’ll just sleep past them. High pay, low hours, it’s a dream worth working for. But that’s still a few years away. My mind switched back to reality and I growled a little since the lights still hasn’t changed, how long are these things going to take?

I took a look at my radio, “Track 4 2:30” Are these things broken or something? I could have sworn the song started after I got here. Suddenly, out of the corner of my eye I noticed the cars at the sides had stopped, could it be?! The red light disappeared, my heart started pounding. An amber light! I shouted out loud, “Yeah!” Putting my car into gear and when the light turned green I started to move forward. I cheered, “It’s about time!” Hooray! Everything was going well again! Then I heard the noise of someone’s horn and looked to see a car heading straight for me.

Everything slowed down around me, unfortunately so I did I, so I couldn’t do much, except ponder the situation. Some idiot just ran a red light at possibly 60 mph or more and is heading straight for me. The speed I’m going is completely useless and grazing and hitboxes don’t exist in real life. Damn you video games for your lies on survival. The freeze seemed to be taking too long now, I mean I’ve already thought of every possible way to try and escape and they all won’t work. The world slowly started to speed back up again as I felt myself able to move I pondered what to do, but the world was picking up speed too fast, so instead of saying something cool or trying to do something, I didn’t even manage two words.

“Oh f-“ 
Pain.

Nothing but pain. Am I dead? Where am I? What’s up with me?

Slowly my mind got used to the pain, wherever I am, I can’t move and I can’t even open my eyes. At that point I swore I could see some light, ever so slightly, like if you looked at a light with your eyes closed.

I came to the conclusion that I’m alive, but I still have no idea how I got here or where I am. My head was hurting too much to try and remember anything anyway so I merely did nothing at all. It was quite pleasant after the pain subsided, but there was still the problem of me seeming to be paralysed.

Then another familiar feeling appeared, boredom. Although I have no sense how long I’ve been conscious for, I’m already bored, usually I’d do something like think up a story or plan something. But in this state where your head feels ready to blow up, it’s not exactly the best idea. I even tried to think of some music to listen to, but that didn’t work. Oh joy.

Then, my heart jumped, I heard something new. Footsteps along with someone humming. In my head I thought, Well, whoever it is, at least they sound cheerful, I might get some help!

“Hey! What the hell do you think you’re doing lying there!” A light but loud voice shouted.

Wrong. I thought to myself sarcastically.

I heard the footsteps get closer, “If you don’t get out of here, right now then… I’ll have to use force.” The voice suddenly got a lot more menacing.

Alarm bells starting ringing in my head and immediately I went to move away, only to remember my body had failed.

“Are you even listening to me?!” The voice started to get more impatient and the footsteps got closer again.

Then things went silent for a moment, Am I dead now? Things remained silent and I pondered to myself. Oh damn, if this is death, then I think I’m going to go mad, with nothi- Then more pain made itself known as something hit me near the kidneys, again, and again. The output of pain was starting to make my mind scrambled.

I heard the voice again, presumably talking to herself, at least I think it’s a her, “I wonder if it’s dead.” I felt two fingers on my neck, checking for a pulse, “Oh, it’s not.” I was quite relieved to hear that line.

“I wonder if anyone would miss this if I took it?” The voice once again sounded slightly menacing.

Wait, what? Take what? My mind went frantic again. Then I felt my arm being lifted and then my whole body being dragged along the floor and it wasn’t much longer before I felt myself blacking out from the pain. 
I awoke again, after lying for a brief period of time, I remembered the condition I was in, seemingly paralysed. This time however, the pain had faded somewhat and I felt a lot more comfortable, like… a bed?

After pondering more theories, most of which consisted of asking myself if I was dead, I decided to remain optimistic and made myself believe I was alive and was just ill, or something like that. At that point I heard a bang, which echoed slightly but as nothing happened after what felt like a minute, I let it go by. In the silence I slowly started to get the familiar feeling of boredom, and since my head felt slightly more stable I thought I would try and recall why I might be here in this undesirable state.

Other then a few ridiculous stories made by my mind I got nothing, not even an idea where I am, or was. In an attempt for comfort, I started to search my mind for something that I could remember, something I’d have imprinted into my head. A horrible mixture of sorrow and fear entered my head, when I realised I couldn’t even remember my own name. Still, it could be the shock. What if I’m paralysed? I could have suffered a head injury or something and now I’m lying in a hospital bed.

The panicking riot in my mind vanished upon hearing another loud bang similar to the last, though much closer. It resembled something like a door slamming or of that sort. I started to think upon the new questions, which had arisen from that, am I actually in a hospital? Minus the bangs, which were too loud, it’s too quiet. I dismissed the question in my head with a mere comment, “Wherever I am, at least the bed’s comfy.”

I heard yet another door, this one wasn’t loud though, a door was being opened and I could only guess it was a door to this room, which means I have company. After hearing a few footsteps I heard the same humming from yesterday followed by an impatient sigh, “It’s still not awake yet!”

“Wrong.” I mumbled in my head.

“This is no good, if it doesn’t do something soon I’ll use it for target practice. ♪”

“She can’t be talking about me can she? Don’t say I’m stuck in some psycho’s house.”

Suddenly I felt my body twitch a little, “I moved!” It seemed my strength was finally returning, but I wondered if this was really a good time.

I heard the girl give a quizzical noise, “Did he just-?”

I waited for a few moments, before opening my eyes slightly and then focused, to find a girl with green hair and red eyes right in front of me, staring at me.

It nearly gave me a heart attack. 
“Hi. ~” The girl said.

With my mind in a mess and a throbbing headache I opened my mouth to reply, “… Hell…o…”

“It can talk!” The girl expressed excitedly. Closing my eyes I thought to myself, “It?” and then I realised closing my eyes reduced some of the pain.

“Hey! Don’t you dare go back sleep!” Suddenly the carefree voice had turned ferocious, it wasn’t long after that my eyes sprung open again. “That’s better. ~” Suddenly the voice had gone carefree again.

I struggled to lift my arm and wiped my eyes, allowing me to see better and looked at my visitor, or am I her visitor? She had fairly long green hair, which triggered something in my head saying that wasn’t normal, as were the red eyes. She wore a pink shirt covered by a long red dress with a pattern that only reminded me of something you see on a tablecloth, oddly although all the colours were bright, it suited her quite well. “You’re a human, right?”

“…Yeah…” I mumbled. What else am I going to be?

The girl proudly said, “I’m Yuka Kazami, and you’re currently in the Kazami mansion. ♪” Her eyes had a look of expectation.

“…Oh… okay…” I replied, rather confused.

Yuka’s face showed a little disappointment but then she smiled again, “You’re from the village, right?”

“What village?” I slowly replied. How vague.

Yuka’s expression changed again, “Stop asking stupid questions, you know what village I mean.”

I closed my eyes to think, before remembering the previous time and opened them quickly, “Actually I don’t, I can’t remember almost anything, not even who I am.”

Yuka’s face turned to a menacing grin, “Is that so? Well, I must be going now. Bye bye.” Before she got up and walked out the room.

“B-bye.” I stammered. What the hell have I got myself into now? She’s psychotic! Still, if I keep her in a good mood, I should be fairly safe for the time being. I closed my eyes and took a moment to regain my senses, when I opened my eyes again I noticed how bright the room was. The colours like Yuka’s were all blindingly bright with a large flower theme in the room, it’s no wonder my head hurt when I woke up really.

As I looked around my attention went to that of a bird of some kind in the window, a blackbird or something like that and next to it a black box of some sort. The bird was pecking the box causing the box to click each time, “Wow, my head must be a mess, I swear that bird is using a camera, what could it-?” My voice was suddenly interrupted by a voice I instantly recognised as my captor.

“Hey, crow! What the hell do you think you’re doing spying on me!” Yuka shouted in a violent tone. Blackbird, crow, what’s the difference. The crow flew away and a few seconds later flowers flew by the window.

A higher pitched voice replied, “I’m getting my scoop! Flower youkai steals and holds captive a human!”

“Want a scoop? Try ‘Crow brutally murdered!’ The next thing I knew all I could see out the window was light. I really must have injured my head. In the light I saw a figure fly away, presumably the crow, but it looked strangely human-like.

Wanting to know what in the world had just happened, I decided to take a risk and try and get over to the window, luckily it was next to the chair Yuka sat in so I swung out of bed and then wobbled over to the chair, I walked better then I thought I would but I still crashed down onto the chair at which point Yuka appeared in the window. “Ignore that crow, it’s always being nosey. Bye ~” The next thing, she was gone. Surely it’s time to wake up now.

I pushed myself up in the chair and looked out the window, only to be bewildered by the fact I wasn’t on the ground floor. “How- why- how could she possibly have been in front of that window? Flying? No, that ridiculous.”

I wobbled back over to bed and got back in, psycho or not, the bed was comfy, one could spend all day in it, I sat a moment before trying all methods to make myself wake up, pinching myself, confusing myself and various other things that I figured would make me wake up. “What is going on, this must be a dream, it’s got to be.”

As I pondered on my situation in bed I heard the door open and looked up to see a small creature fly in with a plate of food and a some water and place it down on the table near me, it stared at me for a few seconds and then without a word it flew away and out the room. “Uh, thanks.” I called out.

My mind completely gave up trying to comprehend things at this point, having just seen a fairy or something like that fly into the room and leave me some food. I looked at the food and realised how hungry I actually was and then my throat was burning. I’d never been one for salads, or water, but I didn’t really care at this point and started my meal. 
There we no more events that day, I finished my meal, which was surprisingly good tasting, for a salad and it wasn’t long after that before I was lying in bed thinking about what had happened that day.

Despite resting for the last few days, I found myself falling asleep again. In a way it was a blessing, since it took my mind off panicking about things.

When I opened my eyes my heart skipped a beat until my brain started and I remembered where I was. A rush of memories stormed through my head from the day before.

Feeling stronger, I decided today I would be brave and explore some of the surroundings; even it was just this so-called Kazami Mansion. As I lifted myself up I noticed that the sun was already high in the sky suggesting it was sometime near midday. Turning around I realised there was a clock opposite stating the time was roughly 11:15.

I pushed myself to the side of the bed and waited a moment before standing up, pushing against the wall to keep my balance. Once I felt steady I pushed myself away from the wall and took a few steps, just to be sure, to my relief I didn’t fall over.

In the corner of the room was a large mirror, which I walked over to and looked at myself, to my relief I hadn’t changed physically and was still wearing my usual shirt and denim jeans. I started to try and do something with my hair but gave it up as a bad job and decided to leave the room.

As I left the room I found myself facing a wall, and a window to my right. However to my left was a fairly long corridor with several doors on each side. I saw one or two of those fairies like the one yesterday, which caused me to double take before I remembered about the previous encounter.

Walking down the corridor I noticed the colour scheme remained the same as the room I stayed in, bright colours and the pattern from Yuka’s dress matched the carpet here, while the walls were spared from that. The next thing I noticed is that the left wall was gone.

To my left now appeared to be the hall of the mansion, further ahead were some stairs leading downstairs which I started to use. The hall surprised me with its size and confirmed that I was definitely in a mansion. The colour’s dropped a little in this room, though the floor maintained its brightness, the walls appeared to be made from wood with it’s original colour, to my relief.

At the bottom of the stairs I confirmed my thoughts, the door ahead lead outside, which was definitely something worth noting. When I looked back to the stairs I noticed two arches leading elsewhere, since there was nothing else to do here, I continued exploring going through the right arch.

I soon found myself in another large room with a table in the middle, it would be presumed that this was the dining room, quite a large room for one person but then another thought entered my head, “What if there’s more people here then her?” My body froze for a moment at the thought before I regained my senses and moved on.

Through the next door was the kitchen, but since there were some fairies cleaning and working in there I decided I would be best staying out of the way, next thing to explore would be the left arch.

As I begun to walk down the left arch I heard a familiar voice from behind me, “Here you are, I thought you’d ran away! ~” I slowly turned around to find myself face to face with Yuka who was half leaning on a pink umbrella or parasol. “What do you think of my mansion? ~”

I paused for a moment, “It’s… quite the nice place.” I decided to not mention the choice of colours. “How many people live here?” I questioned.

“Oh, just me. Always been that way. ~” Yuka spun around, “I’m going for a walk, care to come along?”

Even if I had only been able to walk for less then an hour, those thoughts were still overrode by not getting on her bad side. “I could do, I guess.”

“Okay, let’s go. ♪” Yuka turned around and begun to walk away, with no other ideas I just started to follow her. 
The first thing I noticed is that Yuka left the door unlocked, which struck me as quite odd since anyone could walk in, but then I reminded myself about who’s house it was, plus I bet those Fairies would do something, however little it may be.

Yuka opened her parasol and strolled ahead while I trailed a little behind taking in the surroundings, it was mostly what I saw from the window, fields and flowers. The only thing different was this path I was slowly traveling along.

Things felt very slow as if this path was unending, I looked behind to see the mansion was nearly out of sight. I started to make up more stories in my mind to keep me entertained, but not to much success. I wasn’t that surprised to see that Yuka was quite content; she was still ahead humming some melody.

Mixed feelings arose when I saw a much smaller house ahead. I was relieved that this road wasn’t seemingly endless and empty but then I wondered that if there was an occupant, what’s to say they’re not like Yuka?

As I expected, as we approached the house I saw the silhouette of someone around the house holding a staff or something. Whoever it was turned and saw us and started to approach, it was also revealed that the item in question was a scythe.

Trying to keep myself calm I continued walking as if I hadn’t noticed anyone when I heard a voice other then Yuka’s, also female. “Good morning, Yuka!”

“Hello.” Yuka cheerfully replied. At least she really does appear to be in a good mood today.

“Hey, is that the human you found?” The newcomer said as she arrived. The woman had blonde hair and was wearing a crimson dress with pink frills. She was also wearing a hat, which was pink with a red ribbon wrapped around it. It took me a moment but I saw that she also had yellow eyes, which struck me as odd.

“It is, I thought it was broken or something but it seems to be quite a good one.” I thought about pointing out I’m not an object and that I have a name, but the fact I can’t remember it caused me to stall.

“So what are you going to do with it?”

“I’m not too sure really, haven’t made my mind up.”

“Why don’t you just chop it up!?” My eyes widened as I saw the woman swing her scythe missing my neck my inches.

“No, no, I’m don’t do things like that.” My heart lifted a little hearing that, “I prefer to just blow them away.” Then it sunk again. “It leaves no mess.” Yuka cheerfully claimed while grinning devilishly at me.

The woman laughed, “That’s true. So anyway, what are you up to today?”

“Just the usual, but the human tagged along today so there might be some detours.” I wondered at the word usual for a moment, I really couldn’t see this being a normal quiet walk.

“Sounds nice, want me to do the usual?”

“Correct, let nothing in, or out.” Even though the topic seems a little more serious, Yuka’s tone didn’t change. “See you later Elly. ~” Yuka spoke as she started to walk away.

“Bye Miss Yuka!” Elly shouted from behind.

I looked at Elly for a moment, “Umm, bye.” Before walking a little faster to catch up with Yuka slightly.

“Bye Yuka’s human!” I heard Elly shout, which almost made me start laughing at how ridiculous it sounded.

A few more minutes passed as the scenery returned to being uneventful and quite boring, the only thing different was the appearance of a river to the left, however the water looked strangely red. Fearing the answer I decided not to ask Yuka right now.

I couldn’t see anything in the distance that looked interesting, which made me start to think I should have stayed at the mansion. I caught up with Yuka and tried my luck at asking a few more questions, “So, she works for you?”

“Yes, she guards the house.” Yuka cheerfully replied.

“From there? Isn’t that a little far away from the house?” I questioned, thinking of the horrific walk from the mansion to Elly’s house.

“No, since this path is the only way to reach the mansion.

”Can’t someone just come in the other direction though?”

“No, because this is the only way to get here. ~” Yuka pointed at something and I jumped as I saw a shimmering field in the path, how I’d not seen it earlier was somewhat confusing.

“Is… is that a portal?” I mumbled.

“What else would it be? ~” Yuka said right before walking into the portal.

I watched the portal as I saw Yuka appear on the other side and began walking away. Walking up to the portal I stopped and slowly reached at it with my left hand into the tip of my finger was enveloped in the portal, I took my hand out and to my relief nothing had happened. I reached again placing my whole hand in before taking a deep breath and jumping in, unaware of what awaited. 
The whole world was white but slowly the world started to gain colour, the world seemed very yellow, until I saw that I was standing in a field of sunflowers with Yuka standing in the middle.

“This is, quite a lot of flowers.” I said for the sake of saying something.

“It is. ~” Yuka replied before walking off and examining more flowers.

“So, I’ve gathered you like flowers, judging from this and your mansion.”

“Obviously.” She replied, giving me a look of sarcasm.

I continued to stand where I was, leaving Yuka walking around the field having decided that it would simply be best to leave her to her own game and not touch anything.

I started to look at the surroundings and to my surprise there was more sights then I expected, straight ahead there was a dark looking forest while to my right there was what appeared to be a few houses, there’s possibly more but I just couldn’t see far enough but I presumed it was a village of some kind. To my left and leading all the way behind me was a large lake, it could be the sea but from what I could see it didn’t appear to go off anywhere so I gathered it was surrounded by land.

Minutes passed by and Yuka was still parading around the flower field. “ …Yuka, how long are you planning on staying here?”

Yuka looked at the gold watch on her dress, “Oh, not for long today, only an hour or so.” My jaw dropped on hearing this. How can someone spend this long in a flower field?

I waited a few more moments before getting another idea, “Hey, Yuka, mind if I go and look around?”

“No, but don’t go too far or you’ll get killed. ~” After pausing at the last comment I continued.

“So, if you’re leaving in an hour, I don’t suppose you have a spare watch or anything do you? I don’t want to get left behind and killed you see.” I laughed weakly.

Yuka stopped for a moment looking at the sunflower she was tending to and turned and walked towards me. What have I done this time? Yuka stared at me for a moment before reaching into her shirt pocket and taking out a silver pocket watch. “Lose it and I’ll kill you myself.” Yuka smiled at me with a cute grin.

“Oh, thanks. I’ll, just be over there, near the lake or something.” I stammered before Yuka walked back over to the flowers.

Walking towards the lake I examined the watch, it was quite the nice piece of crafting. The Roman numerals and old fashioned hands gave the watch a feeling of antiquity turning the watch over there was a flower finely engraved into the back of the watch, Yuka truly was flower mad.

The walk along the lakeside seemed to be quite uneventful, but it was best that way. There appeared to be an island in the middle of the lake with a lone building on it resembling a small castle, everything I’ve seen here so far seemed to have an odd detail, for instance this castle was coloured a dark red, like a crimson.

Seeing as there was no way to get to that structure I continued to walk along the river looking for more things when I found a corner, leading to what I thought of as the south side.

“Hey, stop it! That’s cruel!” A light voice cried.

“It’s not like they feel anything!” A confident yet childish voice replied, “Besides they always turn out alright!” There was a sound of a smash and something breaking, “Well, maybe not that one.”

“Cirno! Stop picking on the poor frogs!” The quieter of the two voices said.

Frogs? Freezing? Now what?

I poked my head around the corner and saw two child sized fairies standing there, bigger then the ones I had seen in Yuka’s mansion. The smaller of the two looked just like a larger version of the fairies with green hair, but the other one looked a lot more unique, the fairy was wearing a blue dress about the same colour as her hair and rather then the ‘normal’ wings I had seen, they looked like they were made from shards of ice. In her hand with a ball of ice with something inside, presumably a frog and the pieces of ice on the floor suggested that used to be a frog.

The fairies stopped arguing about the frogs and the larger one walked over to the lake looking away from the other fairy, I saw from an angle that she was smiling mischievously, “Daiyousei I heard some bad news…”

“What? What news Cirno?” The smaller fairy sounded a little cautious!

The fairy rose her voice, “That a human is coming to kill you!”

In a panic the smaller fairy started looking around for danger and caught sight of me, before she started screaming.

The blue fairy spun around laughing at the screaming green fairy, “Relax! It was a joke!” The fairy did nothing but continue screaming and pointed at me, “It’s the human coming to kill me!”

Cirno’s face filled with surprise as she spotted me, “Hey you! Human! I’ll teach you not to try and kill Daiyousei!” The ice fairy started to run at me while I turned around the corner and ran. 
“Get back here Daiyousei-killer!” The blue fairy shouted as I found several icicles flying past my head.

Turning my head back I saw that the fairy was flying after me. “What are you talking about? I couldn’t kill anything if I tried!”

“I heard a rumour that a human was going to kill Daiyousei so you must be it!” The fairy swooped down and grabbed my leg before I shook her off.

“But didn’t you-“ My speech was interrupted when I fell to the floor. “What the?” Looking down my leg was covered in ice.

“I’ve got you now!” The fairy cheered, “Hey Daiyousei! Come and look what I caught!”

“W-what Cirno?” The timid fairy poked her head around the corner before seeing me. “Ah! Please don’t kill me!”

“Believe me, the only one at risk of dying here, is myself. Since your friend is trying to kill me because of a rumour she made up.” I groaned half-apologetically.

The smaller fairy walked up and looked at me, and then at Cirno. “Cirno, did you make that rumour up?”

“M-Maybe…” Cirno looked at the floor.

“Don’t be cruel like you are to those frogs, let the human go.” Daiyousei asked Cirno.

“Fine… But if you try and hurt either of us I’ll freeze you solid!” Despite being half my size, she tried to look threatening.

I tried to get up but the lack of movement reminded me my leg was covered in ice. “Can’t you do something about this?”

“No, just let it unfreeze, it works for the frogs.” Cirno started talking as though she was an expert.

“Well, I hope you don’t mind me sitting here for a while then because I can’t do much else.”

Daiyousei sat down, “It’s ok, why are you here anyway? Not many humans come around here, especially with that mansion there.” The fairy motioned to the red castle-like building I saw earlier.

“Well, I’d like to know that myself, I just woke up in some unfamiliar place one day and I can’t remember anything so I’m just trying to find somewhere that triggers my memories.” I reached into my pocket and took out the watch. Oh good, hopefully there’ll be time for my leg to thaw.

“Wow, that’s nice.” Cirno poked the watch.

“Yeah, someone named Yuka gave it me.”

Cirno raised her voice slightly, “I know! She’s your wife right?!”

The next thing I knew I was laughing hysterically while Cirno looked at me looking amusing but obviously bewildered about what I was laughing at.

Calming down slightly, “No, no, I’d have been dead a long time ago if I was, Yuka’s the one who found me when I first got here. She’s over there in that flower field.”

Looking worried Daiyousei quietly asked, “Is she that scary lady with the green hair?”

“Yeah… ‘Scary’, I can tell you’ve already met her.”

“She beat up Cirno once!”

“Huh? She did?” Cirno sat there with a dumb expression, obviously trying to remember.

”When all those flowers were everywhere and then she made more which beat you up!” I couldn’t help but think how odd that sounded.

Cirno stood up, “I didn’t lose! I left because she was too easy!” I raised an eyebrow. “Cirno…”

“If you don’t believe me, I’ll go fight her now!” Cirno started to walk at the flower fields.

“Wait!” Daiyousei and myself shouted together.

“No! I won’t stop until you believe me!”

“We… We do believe you!”

“Liar!” She’s doomed.

After shaking my leg for a moment I was finally able to move it and stood up, grabbed Daiyousei and started to run after Cirno, but she was far ahead.

“Hey you meanie! Come and fight me!”

There was no response or sign of Yuka.

“Are you scared?!”

Yuka’s head appeared over some flowers, “Go away.” Before she disappeared again.

Cirno turned around with a look of rejection before spinning around again. “Fine! If you don’t want to fight, I’ll make you!”

Oh no.

Cirno began to freeze some of the flowers, causing a few to shatter. She’s got a death wish.

Yuka appeared on the hill to the right of where she was previously, with an evil smile she walked down towards Cirno who seems frozen with fear. A moment later a second Yuka appeared to the left, and began walking to Cirno, though they looked the same, this Yuka looked slightly more insane, with a much more psychotic grin and slightly messier hair covering some of her face.

Uh oh.

With the two Yukas facing her, Cirno snapped out of her frozen state and shouted, “Fine, if you need two to beat me!” Cirno reached out of her pocket and pulled out a card and held it in the air. “Icicle Fall!”

Nothing happened for a few moments until rather large icicles bombarded the area around Cirno. Both Yukas merely laughed and held their parasols above them causing the icicles to shatter on impact. Wow, that’s a good parasol.

After the icicles stopped the Yukas lowered their parasols so they faced Cirno. “My turn.” Not wanting to take any chances I grabbed Daiyousei and dived to the ground just before two enormous lasers blasted over us.

After the lasers subsided I looked up to see a single Yuka walking back up the hill and a blackened Cirno lying on the floor.

“She lost again.” Daiyousei walked over to Cirno.

“We… drew…” I heard Cirno say before she fell silent.

I was afraid to ask, “Is, is she dead?”

“No, she’s sleeping, a few hours and she’ll be back to herself.” Wow, fairies are quite resilient.

“Do you want a hand taking her somewhere?” I asked feeling half-responsible.

“No, no, it’s okay.”

I looked at the pocket watch, “Oh, okay. Well, I think I has best go to Yuka now, might be worth making sure she’s not doing anything.”

“Okay, what’s your name anyway?” Daiyousei asked as I was starting to leave.

“I don’t know, like I said, I lost my memories.”

“Oh… Well I’m Daiyousei and she’s Cirno, come back sometime.”

“I will, if I’m alive.” I laughed nervously before walking to the flowers, “See you around.”

Well, at least I had made some friends in this place. 
After standing around for a few minutes I decided to go and face Yuka, who was plodding around the flower field. Luckily, she appeared to be back to how she was earlier, I’m not sure what the term would be since ‘friendly’ doesn’t feel right.

“So…” I delayed a moment thinking how weird this sounded, “You can split into two, huh?”

“When I want to.”

“And you can also fire big lasers with your umbrella…”

“Yes, it gets rid of those pesky flies. ~”

It struck me then that everyone I had met so far seemed to be able to use magic or was magical in nature; I got my hopes up for a moment and asked Yuka another question. “Do you think I can cast magic like everyone else?”

“Of course not.” Yuka giggled, “Humans have to practice and I can tell you haven’t. ~”

“So, I take it you’re not human.”

“Haven’t I told you? I’m the strongest Youkai in Gensokyo!” Yuka spun around.

Youkai? Gensokyo?

Judging by her bragging I took a guess that Gensokyo was the land I’m in, the term Youkai sounded fairly familiar, it was a magic being or something.

“I see… So why did the fairy hold a card up in the air when she attacked you.”

“Because she’s a do-gooder. Now, it’s time to go.” Yuka turned to the side and started to walk off as she usually did.

I quickly caught up and walked beside her, “So, where are we going next? Another field?” I feared for the worst.

“Not this time, we’re going to go to the human village today.”

Great, perhaps someone there won’t try and kill me on sight. I might even get to know what’s going on around here!

It turned out that the buildings I had seen from the flower field was the human village, on approaching I noticed a few humans that had noticed us disappeared promptly, it appeared that Yuka was well known here already.

Approaching the village, which now seems fairly deserted a lone figure ran towards us from the village. As usual she was wearing a fairly strange outfit, the dress she was wearing was mainly blue with touches of white and a ribbon, but the more unusual part was that on top of her long silver hair lay a hat of some kind, which looked like a box with a ribbon on it

“I thought I told you not to come here any more!” Whoever she was, she knew who Yuka was.

“Relax, I’m not here for violence today.” Yuka walked past the woman, obviously without a care.

Flustered, the woman sighed and turned to me, “And who do you think you are.”

“I wish I knew myself.” I mumbled.

”In case you had not noticed, this is a village for humans, not youkai!” The woman shouted at me.

“Well, I am a human so that’s alright.”

The woman’s voice suddenly turned caring, “Y-you are? Well, what are you doing with her then?! Don’t you know she’s dangerous?”

“Yeah-“ Yuka suddenly cut in.

“Oh, don’t mind him. He’s my human.”

“What do you mean ‘your human’? You can’t just steal one for yourself!”

“I found him near my house, therefore it belongs to me.” Once again, I was being talked about like a possession.

The woman turned back to me, “Did you live here once?”

“I don’t know, I can’t remember. I can’t remember anything, in fa-“ Yuka cut in again.

“If you’re going to be talking, I’m going up there, you have an hour again. ~” Yuka walked off leaving the newcomer with the decision to chase after Yuka or stay with me, after a moment she calmed down and stayed put.

“Shouldn’t you watch out in case she does anything? She just blasted some fairy to oblivion.”

“No, she’s gone to the flower shop, so she won’t be much trouble.” Flower shop, what a surprise. “I’m Keine Kamashirasawa, the village’s protector.”

“Oh, hi, I’d tell you my name, but like I said, I can’t think what it is.”

“You can’t remember anything at all?” Keine asked, looking puzzled.

“No, the most recent thing I can remember is waking up in what I think was a field, but even then I couldn’t open my eyes and see.”

“I see, well, I guess you might like some things explaining to you then. Come.” Keine turned around and looked at me waiting for me to follow. Eager to find out some answers I followed her. “The things I’m about to say may seem unreal or fake, but it’s true. Having met Ms Kazami, you’ll probably take it in better.”

“You’re currently in a land called Gensokyo, Gensokyo is filled with all sorts of weird and wonderful things such as magic and youkai. Due to the youkai and their tendencies to attack humans, most humans live here in this village where it’s safe from them.” I looked around and saw the village was actually bigger then it first appeared, “Youkai have powers far beyond most humans and many can kill a human without trying.”

“Yeah, like I saw that fairy get hurt, if I hadn’t have got out the way I’d have been a goner.”

“Indeed, well, here we are.”

Keine walked up to a building and knocked on the door, “It’s me, Keine.”

“Come in!” A young voice called.

Keine opened the door and motioned for me to go in, I let Keine take the lead again indoors and before long we found a purple-haired girl before us, writing something down into a book.

“Hello, Akyu.” Keine smiled.

The girl looked up from her writing, “Hello Keine, what can I do for you?” Akyu then noticed me, “And you, I’ve never met. I’m Hieda no Akyu, pleased to meet you.” 
“Oh, hi… I’m, well I don’t know.” I stuttered.

Akyu looked at Keine and then back at me, “Memory loss?”

Keine shook her head, “No, I believe its a little more then that.”

Akyu looked at me again and I noticed her eyes matched her purple hair. “I can see where you’re coming from. Where did you find him?” Akyu took a sip of her tea.

“He turned up in the village with Yuka Kazami, who’s elsewhere in the village.” Keine’s voice sounded more worried as she remembered Yuka was still around.

“He’s done well not to get himself killed then.”

I interrupted the conversation slightly, “Is she really all that dangerous? She told me she’s the most powerful… youkai in Gensokyo.”

“She’s not too far off, though…” Keine lowered her voice slightly, “There’s are a few more powerful, but don’t tell her, she won’t take it nicely.”

“Have a look at those books behind you.” When I noticed Akyu was talking to me I spun around I saw a large collection of books, which looked the same only with different numbers on at the bottom. “Take one and bring it over here.”

Following Akyu’s orders I took the book over to her and she immediately flicked through the pages opening the book fully on a page titled ‘Yuka Kazami’. I looked down at the page where there was a drawing capturing her menacing smile. “This book has information about her?”

“Yes, have a look.” I picked up the book and began reading it. Straight away my heart jumped when I saw the lines ‘Threat Level: Extremely High, Human Friendship level: Very Poor.’ I started to read the more detailed section.

“Those books can be best described as an encyclopedia of Gensokyo, everyone and everything of note is in there, so it might do you well to have a read.” Keine began talking as I read more about Yuka. ‘Manipulation of flowers, not advised to confront her…’

After reading a moment I said out loud the question in my head, “How am I still alive?”

“That’s a question I’m not too sure on, though the most likely thing is that she got bored.”

“What do you mean, bored?”

“Some youkai have been known to do some… unusual things when bored, such as a Night Sparrow youkai named Mystia Lorelei, instead of attacking humans she opened up a food stand selling Lamprey. I can only guess that Yuka got bored and decided to take you.”

Was that meant to make me feel safer or something? It wasn’t working much. I cleared my throat a little before adding, “But that doesn’t explain why I ended up there, or in Gensokyo at that.”

“About that.” Keine began talking, “Looking at the clues, I think it’s safe to say you’re an outsider.”

“An outsider?”

Keine continued, “Your memory loss and your clothing are signs that you’re not from Gensokyo, but from the outside world.”

“You’ve lost me.”

“Let’s start from the beginning, Gensokyo is, at its core, a dream land. Completely separated from what you may call the real world. Though to us, this world is real.”

And I’m lost again.

“In short, you’re not from this world, however your presence here is like a dream. In other words, you’re most likely unconscious in the real world, so your soul ventured here to Gensokyo and that’s why you’re in this situation.”

Suffering from a slight information overload I paused for a moment to gather my thoughts.

“However, due to the fact you’re human it means your stay is only temporary.” She’s saying more! “When your real body wakes up, you’ll disappear from here, back to your world.”

I paused for a moment longer, “Doesn’t that mean all humans here will?”

“No, humans actually born here remain here, it’s also why they’re slightly magical and you’re not.”

I tried to work things out further, “So surely that means I might be here for years?”

“However long your real body is unconscious for, it could be days, and it could be years.”

My mind searched for a response to that lesson, “Oh.” I’m starting to think I would be better off not knowing that, I really shouldn’t have asked.

“You still have plenty of time before Yuka’s expecting you, so feel free to stay here and ask questions, or just learn about Gensokyo, it might be helpful to you.”

“So you think I should continue going with her?” I said, rather surprised.

Keine frowned, “Well, however much I fear for your safety, it would be best for you to continue to go with Yuka, to prevent her putting anyone else’s lives at risk. I’m sorry.”

“I see, well, if I did… die... here, what would happen to me?” I looked away fearing the worst.

“I’m not completely sure, but I’m fairly certain your soul would return to your real body and do nothing and the next thing you’d know you, you’d have woke up there.”

So I’m fairly expendable.

Without another word I sat down at the table Akyu was at and stared at the book, thinking about things. So it doesn’t matter if I die, that’s a little more comforting. But what’s the “real world” by the sounds of it it’s nothing like here.

I focused my eyes and out of the corner of my eye I caught sight of Yuka’s name in the book Akyu was writing in, it struck me that all through Keine’s explanation, Akyu was writing something, probably about me.

On a further inspection noticed that “Addition of Yuka Kazami section” was wrote at the top of the page, I began to read the first paragraph, which started “In one Summer, Yuka took in a human…” At that point Akyu looked up and noticed me reading her work in progress.

“So… what are you writing about me?”

“Just a general article, outsiders are fairly rare now, since they disappear so quickly, or a youkai finds them. Plus, befriending a youkai such as Yuka Kazami is unusual.”

I chuckled a little, “I hardly call it befriending, she threatens me and leaves me behind all the time.”

“Compared to her normal behaviour to humans, it’s like you are friends.”

Once again the helpful reply appeared, “Oh.” Akyu waited a few seconds before going back to her article.

I began thinking about the lecture again, and that of the real world, I wonder if it’s safer then here, whether youkai are there. I cursed my memory loss, but then thought of something. “Hold on, if outsiders don’t remember the ‘real world’ then how do you know about it? Is this all one potentially false theory?”

Keine smiled at me, “No, it’s true. Youkai can remember it.”

“What, so now you’re saying youkai are from the ‘real world’?”

“No, they used to be, before they died.” I braced myself for another lecture. “Youkai are the free souls of those who died in the real world, and ended up here rather then reincarnating. Since the souls are free and immortal, they become youkai.”

“Oh.” I sighed in my mind at my response again.

“Have a think about it, it’ll make sense soon enough.”

“I don’t really have a choice now, do I?” I sighed before opening the encyclopedia and beginning to read.

My head hurt. 
I lay the book down on the table and checked the pocket watch, luckily there was still 5 minutes left until Yuka was moving on. Without any delay I placed the watch back in my pocket and picked up the book and began reading again.

It was hard to believe that this book was factual; some of the articles were so unbelievable that had I not seen some of Gensokyo already, I’d never have believed it.

But it was true, and it hadn’t quite sunk in how weird things were. Further reading of Yuka’s didn’t calm my thoughts any more. Everything pointed to her attacking everyone who entered her field, let alone her little world in that portal. There seemed to be some even scarier to imagine though, one Flandre Scarlet, a vampire who lived in that mansion I saw, according to the book, she can destroy anything, so believe it or not, I guess things could be worse.

The recent history proved interesting, magical incidents occurring often and it’s usually left to a shrine maiden to sort things out. Events have ranged from Gensokyo being covered in mist from an outbreak of flowers, it’s said someone even stole the moon. One thing I must admit, this place sure isn’t boring.

The next page explained a youkai called Yukari Yakumo who can control borders, which apparently make up everything. I slowly started to feel small and overwhelmed, I’d been reading this book learning about various powers and fights, yet I’m stuck to do nothing, except run.

I sighed to myself and lay back in the chair. Oh well, at least it means you’re less likely to get hurt.

I was enjoying the book though; it was quite fascinating knowing what the youkai can do, and what to do in case you encounter them. Again I reached into my pocket and pulled out the watch, 3 minutes left. I can read another article in that time.

Quickly I flicked the page and began to read ‘Te-‘

“EXTRA!”

I jumped out of my seat at the sudden voice, which sounded familiar for some reason.

The door to the building opened and another new face walked in, this black haired girl was wearing a slightly formal looking plain black skirt and white blouse decorated with hints of black in the forms of buttons and ribbons, over that she wore a small brown vest with leaf patterns scattered over it. Once again I noticed another unusual headwear, it looked like a small red pointed box on the top of her head, though it was nothing compared to that of Keine’s, the straps which dangled along the sides of her head had some balls of fluff attached.

The girl walked over to Keine and Akyu, “Hello Miss Kamashirasawa, Miss Hieda and…” It was obvious she’d seen me, “Oh! You’re that human Miss Kazami had stole?”

Puzzled, I replied, “Um… yeah I am, have we met?”

“No, no, I just investigated the matter. My name’s Aya Shameimeru, the fastest reporter in Gensokyo.”

I bet that means she was that crow with the camera I saw that Yuka attacked.

“So, can I ask you a few questions?” Aya looked at me enthusiastically.

“I guess so.”

“Great! So how’d you get kidnapped by Yuka?”

“I don’t know the details, I just woke up in her mansion since she’d found me somewhere.” Aya began jotting things down in her notebook.

“Okay, and where did you come from before that?”

“Again, I don’t know. No memory, you see.” Aya continued writing.

“Interesting, an outsider. So how did you escape from Miss Kazami?”

“I… didn’t, she’s somewhere else in the village, I’m meant to be meeting her soon.”

”Oh, so you’re still stuck with her, well, I’d like to ask more but these extras don’t deliver themselves! See you around!” Running around the room Aya shouted goodbye to Keine and Akyu and disappeared.

I shrugged to myself and noticed Aya’s name was on the page I was about to read. Crow Tengu, huh? I decided to quickly read the article before I left, since I’d just encountered her. I was hardly a few lines in before I heard Aya again outside, “Hello Miss Kazami, would you care to answer some questions on-“ The rest of the sentence was drowned out by the sound of Yuka’s laser from earlier which caused Keine to jump from her seat and run outside.

I continued to read over the sound of Keine shouting; by the sounds of it Aya had left the scene since I couldn’t hear her recognisable voice.

As I finished the page I closed the book, deciding it would be best to meet Yuka now, before I got absorbed any more into the book. Walking over to the bookshelf I hear Akyu speak, “You can take that if you wish.”

“What, this?” I waved the book

“Yes, if you look at how many editions there are it wouldn’t matter if a middle one went missing, especially since I could always rewrite it if the worst did happen.”

I felt honoured, “Are you sure?”

“It’s helping a human isn’t it? That’s one of the purposes of it, to inform.”

“Oh, well, thank you. I’ll try to get it back to you soon.”

“Don’t worry about it, but feel free to come back whenever you want. Goodbye.”

“Bye.” I walked over to the door and passed Keine, looking flustered once again.

“Good luck.” She whispered, “Come back here if she troubles you.”

I nodded and took a last look around before going through the doorway and saw the headline of the Extra that Aya delivered ‘Ice Fairy beaten after trying to freeze Frog God.’

Laughing at Cirno in my head I left to meet Yuka. 
I had somewhat predicted the scene outside, as I thought Yuka was standing in the centre of the village, and near where we entered the village was scorched earth, obviously where the Tengu journalist was shot at.

Yuka noticed me out of the corner of her eye and turned to me, “Oh, it’s you. I wondered if you’d turn up.” Like I have a choice. As usual, after acknowledging my presence Yuka turned around and begun walking, as always she knew where she was going.

Catching up to Yuka I begun to walk beside her who was strolling under her parasol as always. I took a final look over my shoulder I saw a worried looking Keine watching from Akyu’s doorway, I nodded my head slightly and paid attention to the things ahead.

As I walked beside Yuka I started wondering back to what I was told, Yuka was a vicious youkai who killed for fun, killed people who went into her field. Yet here I am, found by her in her own dream world, taken in and still very much alive.

I decided it might be best not to ask her directly, since the thoughts of her going, ’Oh, good point.’ Followed by her blasting me away haunted my thoughts. So I decided to use a different subject, “So, where are we going now?”

“Well, I thought about going to the flower field for another hour.” Please, no. “But I changed my mind, so we’re going to visit Reimu ~”

Reimu… Reimu… The name seemed fairly familiar I must have heard it from Akyu or Keine. Then it struck me, the book. I nearly hit myself having forgotten about the book already, taking the book that was tucked under my arm I opened it.

Reading a hefty book while walking wasn’t the easiest thing to do, but something told me Yuka wouldn’t slow down or stop even if I asked, eventually I got to the page marked Reimu Hakurei and begun scanning through the article.

From the looks of it, she’s also extremely powerful, and also a figure of importance in Gensokyo, and though she exterminates youkai for a living, there’s always youkai at her shrine since she’s mostly too lazy to do anything.

“So what’s that?” To my surprise, Yuka had started speaking and was looking at the book.

Unsure what to say, I replied, “This? Akyu, I mean Miss Hieda gave it me, it’s got lots of information of Gensokyo so it’s helping me a lot.”

“Do I appear in it?”

“Yes.”

“Does it say I’m the most powerful youkai in Gensokyo?” Yuka grinned.

“I think so.”

“Well, that’s alright then, it’s a good book.”

Bemused by what was said, I continued reading until I noticed Yuka stopped, I looked up from the book to find myself faced by the large, dark forest I saw earlier.

I looked at Yuka and back at the forest, which continued to look pitch black and full of danger. “We have to walk through this?!” I said, louder then I wanted.

“No.” A huge feeling of relief fell upon me, “We fly.” Wha-what?

I turned to Yuka again, but only saw her shoes; she’d always started to float up in the air. I’m not walking through that!

“W-wait!” I shouted, Yuka stopped moving for a moment before turning in the air and looked at me inquisitively.

“Unlike some people, I-I can’t fly.” Yuka gave me a piercing stare such as earlier, which made me wonder if the small sarcasm I used was too much. I saw Yuka’s arm move causing me to flinch, the next thing I knew, Yuka had snatched my hand by the wrist and dragged me into the air where Yuka soon picked up speed across the sea of trees, leaving me hanging by my wrist.

Normally, I’d be panicking about the amount of danger I was in, but it didn’t matter, I was flying and the feeling of flying through the air was unreal. I looked up at Yuka, who still had her senseless smile on her face, obviously not being effected by my weight at all.

I wish I could fly like this… I closed my eyes and let the air blast into my face. I wonder if you can do the ‘real world’? I don’t feel you can, this just feels too magic. Opening my eyes I looked around, admiring the view, the flower field was only just in sight now, while we were heading uphill and a small building was in sight, about the same distance as the field, that must be the shrine.

The forest itself remains as black as ever but I caught sight of a cloud of mist floated over the forest, much like Yuka and myself. The mist suddenly changed direction and started flying at us. “Hey, Yuka.”

Yuka ignored me and continued flying, while the mist got closer; I tried shouting again, “Yuka!” Whatever that mist was, it wasn’t stopping. I shouted as loud as I could, “Yuka!”

Yuka turned and snapped at me, “What!” With my free hand I pointed at the approaching mist and noticed that devilish grin appeared on her face again. Yuka swung her parasol and just like earlier, an oversized laser blasted by my head hitting the cloud.

I heard a childish voice echo from nowhere “Ow ~”

The mist moved erratically until it started to build up in one spot until to my surprise a child with horns appeared. 
“What was that for!?” The girl childishly complained at Yuka.

The girl was wearing a torn pink blouse, mainly where you’d expect sleeves and a long dress which started purple at the top and became paler as you went down until it was white, which was decorated by a purple ribbon which weaved in and out the dress. Around her neck she wore a red ribbon tied as a bow and a purple one around one of her horns, she also had brown eyes and long orange hair which looked like it came down to her knees in a ponytail behind her. There were four strange objects with her, three were shapes attached by chains and the forth was a purple container of some sort.

“I only came her to see if you wanted to see Reimu… She’s at the shrine so-“ The girl was interrupted by another laser from Yuka. Oh look, another fight started by Yuka for no apparent reason.

“Fine! If you want to be like that.” The girl took the purple container and opened it, and began drinking from it. Oh, it’s a flask or something, I expected more. Once the girl stopped drinking she turned into mist again and began spreading out before enveloping us.

Yuka laughed, “Hiding? Coward.”

“No!” I heard the voice behind me and as Yuka swung in the air I saw the girl, behind a row of large purple orbs, which were heading straight for us.

Yuka merely laughed and flew towards the wall, “Waaaaaait!” I shouted as Yuka flew straight into the wall, not wanting to close my eyes I watched in amazement as Yuka flew straight with a gap along with me without contact with the orbs.

“One.” Yuka laughed again.

One, what?

The attacker took another drink before dropping to the ground. “Take this!” She shouted in a high-pitched voice. The girl began to effortlessly pull trees out of the ground and began launching them at us, Yuka however continued to weave between the trees keeping her and myself from harm, as we passed the final tree I noticed the girl was flying straight for us, with a tree in each hand.

How strong is she?!

Yuka stopped advancing towards the tree wielding child, Oh, she does have some sense in combat. though as the girl swung the trees, instead of dodging as I expected, Yuka held out her arms and blocked the trees, causing one to land dangerously near myself, as the power struggle waged Yuka giggled in her opponent, “You’re still underestimating me. ~” How can she possibly still be enjoying this?

Yuka’s voice turned menacing again, “Two.” Soon after, the power struggle was so immense the trees simply snapped.

Taking a mist form again, the attacker picked up speed and began circling the two of us at an incredible speed, firing a large amount of pink and blue bolts at us.

Once again, Yuka stayed in the middle of the barrage, elegantly spinning between the bullets while I swung around in a much less graceful manner. Yuka began dodging faster and faster to match the barrage as I began to feel disorientated from the spinning. Suddenly Yuka changed direction and then back again as I saw a bullet pass where my head would have been.

“Three.” Suddenly the bullets stopped firing and the human shape reappeared from the mist.

Yuka flew straight at the girl and swung her parasol firing a barrage of lasers. “Whaaaa! ~” The girl cried as she dodged between then. “If you want to go and see Reimu, then just go!” Yuka fired another volley of round bullets before they seemingly hit an invisible wall and dispersed. Yuka looked to the side and my head followed and saw a woman wearing red and white on the hill who had obviously just caused that wall.

That must be Reimu.

“Oh look, it’s Reimu. ~” Yuka seemed to lose all her menacing personality and returned to her slightly air-headed personality. As though the fight never happened Yuka flew away from her opponent towards Reimu. 
For some reason, I wasn’t all that confused why Yuka stopped the fight, maybe I’m just getting used to the unexpected. Reimu was a little further away then I thought she was at first; it must have been a skilled shot to get the spell between the two fighters.

“Hi. ~” A voice spoke to my left, I shook with surprise a moment before noticing it was the girl who Yuka was just fighting.

“Hi.” I replied unenthusiastically.

“What are you doing?” The girl asked.

“Ask her, she’s the one… leading me.” I motioned at Yuka with my free hand.

“And why are you with her?”

I paused for a few seconds, “It’s a long story, and I have a feeling Miss Hakurei will be wanting an explanation, so wait until then.”

“Miss Hakurei…” The girl stopped, “Oh, Reimu!” The girl then proceeded to drink a lot more out of her flask, “So, you coming to the party?”

“Not that I know of, what party?”

“The best party ever! I finally got Reimu to let me organise some of the party, so it’s going to be the best one ever!” The girl was clearly looking forward to it due to the volume and cheerfulness in her speech.

“What are you doing here!?” A serious sounding voice interrupted the conversation, as I suspected, when I looked forward Reimu Hakurei was stood in front of the approaching Yuka, not too happy about the situation. Reimu had shoulder length dark brown hair and wore a long red dress with a white collar decorated with a blue ribbon; she wore another ribbon in her hair, though this one was red. She also wore some weird detached sleeves, which I decided to not question further.

“I’ve come to visit!” Yuka cheerfully claimed.

Reimu sighed and stared at Yuka, before her eyes moved to scan myself, and then the other girl, before Reimu double-took and came back to me. Reimu began to shout, “What in Mima’s name are you doing with a human!”

Yuka waved her parasol, brushing the question away, “Relax… the human’s mine, I didn’t steal him, I found him.” What kind of excuse is that?!

“That’s not how things work!” Reimu objected, but it was too late, Yuka had already walked past her, dragging me along. Considering she’s a youkai exterminator she’s not doing much.

It wasn’t long before I was stood in front of the shrine. Considering the Hakurei shrine is home to one of the most important beings in Gensokyo, the shrine wasn’t really all that spectacular, it just looked like a typical, slightly run down building. Yuka continued marching to the shrine before sitting down at the front, I followed suit and sat down near her.

A few moments later the Miko approached the shrine with a tired expression, “What do you want today.”

“Just visiting. ~” Yuka said perkily, “Now get some tea, Reimu.” Reimu stood still and stared at Yuka, before walking off into the shrine. Why is a Youkai Exterminator now taking orders from a youkai?

Soon enough, Reimu emerged with tea for everyone, not long after that, the three of us were slowly drinking tea, I explained the all too familiar story to Reimu about myself, and noticed Yuka looked as though she already knew everything, such as that I’m an ‘outsider’. Maybe she knew all along?

Another period of silence struck, since there was nothing to lose, I began talking, “So, I hear that you’re having to resolve incidents around her.”

“There’s always someone up to trouble, it’s my job to sort it out.” Reimu yawned before drinking more tea. I thought it was also your job to stop youkai, so why are there several here?

Staring out in front of the shrine I noticed a small purple thing in the corner of my eye, however it had disappeared by the time I looked. I watched as Reimu reached for her tea to find it missing and under her breath mumbled, “I’ll kill her.” I could only guess that someone had just pulled a prank or something along those lines.

Reimu left again, presumably to get more tea and out of the blue she cried, “Get out!” Followed by a swarm of small beings resembling the mist girl from before stampeding out of the shrine door giggling and laughing while running behind the shrine.

Once again, things started to slow down when it was interrupted again, “Reimu!” A voice shouted from behind me, turning my head around I saw a woman with green hair reaching down to her hips and wearing highly decorated blue robes, with a yellow trim along the edges and a symbol resembling a sun on her pointed wizard hat.

“Oh, look who’s finally decided to turn up!” Reimu growled. 
As Reimu turned the corner with a new cup of tea, the latest newcomer dived at her causing the latest lot of tea to spill on the floor a few metres away while they fell on the floor. “Did you miss me?” The girl in blue said.

“Get. Off. Me. Now.” Reimu growled with her teeth gritted.

“Is that any way to talk to your-“

“You had best not say what I think you’re about to.” Reimu spoke threateningly, eyes narrowed.

“God!” The woman teased.

A piece of paper appeared in Reimu’s hand and was slapped onto the other’s face who started laughing. The piece of paper started to glow a bright red when suddenly it cut off and the paper fluttered to the floor. “Enough proof?” The woman teased before getting up and leaning back against the shrine. “I thought you’d be as pleased as this.”

“Ecstatic.” The bitter voice of the Miko said.

“I guess that makes me a Hakurei now.” The woman grinned at Reimu, “Mima Hakurei. Sounds quite good.”

Reimu’s bitter expression changed back to the lazy one from earlier as she walked back into the shrine. To get tea, no doubt. Mima, however walked over to Yuka and I and sat down next to her. “Long time no see.”

“Yes, last time was in Makai, I believe.” Yuka chatted.

“That’s right, when we beat up Shinki. It’s thanks to back then for what I am now.”

Yuka tilted her head, “Oh?”

Mima continued explaining, “Shinki, we became friends and eventually helped me achieve godhood, and what better place to be god is there, then here? Where everyone you know visits.”

Yuka drunk more of her tea, “I see.”

Reimu plodded out of the shrine carrying two more cups of tea before sitting down next to Mima and passing her one. Easily forgiven, I guess.

Mima stretched, “Oh, it does feel good to be back. Makai is a little too dark for my liking.”

Reimu objected, “But aren’t you an evil spirit? You should like it.”

Mima laughed, “Oh, Reimu. It’s not good to stereotype, one cannot do as much in the dark.” Mima stretched in the sunlight, “It’s also colder there.” Mima turned to Reimu and winked, “Also, I’m more then a soul now.”

Just as it seemed things were going to go quiet, Mima began speaking again, “So, how’s my little apprentice?”

Reimu sighed, “She’s still alive, somehow. She hangs around the shrine a lot, when she’s not stealing or blowing things up that is.”

I barely heard Yuka murmur something, “Another to kill.” What?!

At that moment Mima turned and looked at me, “So, who are you? I don’t believe we’ve met.”

Not knowing my name is really getting annoying now.

“I’m, I’m just a human, with no memory, or powers, Y-Yuka is kinda looking after me.”

“Oh?” Mima raised an eyebrow, “That’s rather unusual, I’m surprised you haven’t ripped him to pieces yet.”

Yuka laughed, “Everyone wants a change every now and then.”

Mima looked up at the sky, “Well, I guess that would make you my first human worshipper!”

“Oh…” I looked around a little, “That’s… good.”

“Indeed!” Mima exclaimed, “I’ll be a much better god then the last one!”

Last one?

I asked quietly, “There was another god? What happened?”

Mima giggled, “She disappeared because Miss Lazy Miko didn’t get any worshippers, and since she had no power of her own, she just disappeared!” Mima lowered her voice, “And since the slot was free, I took it!”

Being a god works like that?

“So, what are you a god of?” I questioned.

“Nothing in particular. I have extremely strong magical powers in general.” Mima bragged, “Especially in darkness magic.” A god of darkness at the shrine that is supposedly good? How weird.

Silence fell upon the shrine once again, until also like before Mima broke it, “You know what this shrine needs? A party to celebrate my wonderful self becoming the shrine’s deity.”

Reimu replied quietly, “There’s already a ‘party’ coming up, the annual shrine festival.”

Mima smirked, “Well then, that shall be my party then.”

Before Reimu could object the swarm of miniature girls appeared again, “Heyyyyyy. ~” One of them stretched out the word, “You can’t just change the party, I’m planning this one.” “Well then Oni, you change it then.”

“Nooooo, that’s not what I meant!” The small girls formed into one, “What I say goes!”

Mima’s smile turned slightly evil, “Well then, I’ll have to make you say it then.” Standing up, Mima summoned a silver coloured staff with the head being a crescent moon. As Mima and the Oni faced each other I felt a tug on my shirt, and upon looking saw Yuka stood up and looking ready to leave.

Half-reluctantly I pulled myself up and turned to Mima who was now making the Oni dance by summoning vines of darkness from the ground trying to catch her.

“Er, bye.” I said aimlessly before leaving the two to their fun.

“Oh, leaving? Bye! Be sure to come to the party, human! You too, Yuka!” Mima was interrupted by the Oni and before long the fighting was out of earshot.

I wonder if all gods are weird like that? For an ‘evil being’ she didn’t seem all that evil.

Remembering about the book I quickly opened it, and scanned through it.

The only Oni here is Suika Ibuki, so that must be here. Nothing about Mima though, or that Shinki that was mentioned, something worth asking Akyu about I guess… If I ever get there again.

As I hung suspended above the forest I thought about the events that just occurred, I had met the most powerful human in Gensokyo, saw an Oni which were meant to have disappeared according to the book and became ‘friends’ with the new God of the shrine, who has no records in the book. I let out a big yawn and said to myself, “Talk about an eventful day…” 
Another loud yawn escaped my mouth as I continued to hang above a sea of trees, flying at reasonably slow pace. No matter how interesting seeing all the odd things in this land was, it couldn’t stop me from becoming tired, even if I hadn’t done that much, I guess the constant fear of being destroyed in one way or another takes it’s toll.

Since Yuka was holding one of my arms, I couldn’t even have a look through the book. Everyone’s backgrounds just seems be interesting to read, plus it’s never a bad thing to know about your enemies, or friends, or whatever position Yuka puts herself in.

Yuka didn’t seem to be paying much attention to anything, except flying forwards and humming a melody, which was quite catchy. Out of boredom, I took out Yuka’s Pocket Watch, expecting the time to be late afternoon, I was quite surprised to see it was already 6 o’clock, and the sky hadn’t even started to lose it’s brightness yet.

At long last the dark mass below us disappeared, instead there was the slope leading to the hill of flowers, and most likely the way back home. Do I really call it my home? I’ve only been here a day, but I guess in a way - My thoughts stopped when I noticed Yuka had gone silent and we were slowly descending.

Looking ahead I saw the outline of someone in the flower fields, presumably whom Yuka was about to confront. The figure looked a little large for Cirno, plus there was a lack of wings. The figure then moved, stopped a moment before lifting off the ground and heading towards us. Here we go…

As usual, the person in front was female, she had light blue eyes and long shoulder length red hair with a braid either side of her face. Her clothing followed the usual pattern of Gensokyo, being unique, which in this case was a green robe resembling something from martial arts, and a matching coloured beret on her head. Dominated by the large golden star on the front of it.

The girl approached and looked at Yuka, before looking at me. “Oh, it’s just you.” Suddenly the girl lost all interest, and flew away.

“Looking for someone?” I looked up at Yuka who just spoke, who was wearing a large smile on her face.

The girl froze in the air, “N-no, why would I be looking for someone?”

“Because you’re not working.”

The girl began playing with her braided hair, “No… I’m just on my break.”

Yuka’s expression remained the same, “So who did you mistake me for?”

“Oh, S-Sakuya. I was looking for Sakuya.” The girl answered, obviously getting more stressed.

“And what would the maid be doing at this time, not working?”

“Well, we were going on a picnic.” By now, it was completely obvious she was lying just by her body language and voice.

“At a time like this?” How persistent does she want to be? “Well, that would explain why I saw that vampire girl with the weird wings then.”

“Flandre! You’ve seen her? Where!” The girl shouted with excitement.

“Not really. ~” Yuka suddenly teased.

The girl started to look worried again, “Whaaaaat! That’s not fair...” The girl drooped down and flew away before looking back, “I bet she’s been found now, there’s… no need for you to do anything, thank you.” Yuka wouldn’t be the first I’d ask for help, not even to get an animal out a tree. Blocking the images of small animals being blown up along with the tree, I noticed that Yuka had already arrived at the hill of flowers, where the portal to her mansion was.

“Well then, shall we?” Yuka smiled before disappearing from sight. So it IS back to the mansion after all.

Before walking in, I took a quick look around; there wasn’t anyone else around, even Cirno, so unless Daiyousei carried her away, she must have recovered. For some reason, I held my breath before jumping into the transparent yet bright portal.

Soon after, my vision began to restore itself, as I was thrown out the portal, the last thing I was expecting to see in front of me was that familiar red pattern. “Watch o-!” It was too late before I slammed into the back of Yuka sending both of us to the ground. Uh oh. Not good, not good, not good.

I quickly jumped to my feet and stood beside Yuka who lay still. “I-I’m sorry.” My nerves started to behave frantically until Yuka suddenly rolled her head and started looking at me, with an expression that certainly wasn’t happy.

Pick your words carefully. “Oh, you’re alright... I guessed you would be… Considering you’re the strongest youkai, I didn’t think a pathetic fall like that would hurt you.” Yuka continued her piercing stare before her eyes suddenly warmed up and she smiled somewhat. Good work, saved yourself from a gruesome death.

I offered my hand out to Yuka, which to my surprise, she actually took, it wasn’t long before she had regained her composure and we were walking along the road back to the mansion, which strangely looked a lot shorter then before.

“So, what happened today, you do that all the time?” I asked out of the blue.

“Yes, I do.” Yuka grinned.

“Don’t you ever get bored of standing in a field all day?”

Yuka looked at me, “Humans understand so little… Well, if you find something that you like then you should do it, and until you become bored of it you should make the most of it.”

Weird philosophy. Still, the mood she was in at the moment was actually quite pleasant.

Seeing the river of blood at the side of me, reminded me back to the previous encounter, I asked, “This vampire girl, would it by any chance be Flandre?”

“I believe that’s what she’s called. I don’t take much interest.”

Opening the book, I spoke at the same time, “I read she’s quite powerful, have you… beat her before?”

“No, I’ve never seen her, the Miko said she’s always locked away in the mansion, which makes it difficult for a duel.” Yuka explained, with a hint of sadness in her voice.

So that’s why that girl was hiding the facts, she knew Yuka might be interested.

As we walked past the gatekeeper’s house I noticed Elly laid outside the house, fast asleep. That’s… efficient working.

“So, what exactly is this place?” I questioned, for the sake of starting another conversation.

Yuka looked at me puzzled slightly, “Which place?”

“This, here. Since we entered that portal, it seems different from Gensokyo.” I motioned around the two of us.

“Oh, right. This is a dream world, to be exact, my dream world. Because it’s my dream world, it gives me some control over it. The mansion, fairies, they’re all part of this world, and I can control everything.

I have no idea how that works, but fair enough.

Before I knew it, the mansion was already in front of us. Wow, that was quick.

“I made the house closer, if that’s what you’re thinking. ~” Yuka bragged as she opened the door and entered.

How on earth did I not notice, I was looking at it for most of the time!

Slightly confused, I merely followed Yuka into the mansion; I’ve suffered too much confusion today. 
Home. Once again I was surprised that I accepted the fact so easily, it was just yesterday that I… appeared here and found myself terrified of the owner, yet a day later I’m fully accepting it, and everything I’ve seen. I’ve even got used to the homicidal habits of Yuka, slightly.

I snapped back to reality due to a sharp jab from a parasol, “Are you listening!” Yuka growled.

“Oh, yeah.”

“If you ever need anything, just bother one of those.” Yuka pointed her parasol at one of the fairies fluttering frantically around the mansion, “They’ll do what you ask, or they’ll have me to talk to.” I noticed at the end of that sentence, one fairy started to slowly work away from Yuka, “Ask for anything, it’s a dream world after all. ~”

Although creepy, I much prefer Yuka in this mood…

“Well then, shall we have dinner?”

“What is it?” Please don’t say human or anything like that.

“Anything you want. ~”

The thoughts of gigantic feasts filled my head before I was jabbed again, “Come on.”

I followed Yuka down the hallway, reaching the room I found in my previous exploration, the dining room, with the large table. As soon as Yuka sat at the table, the fairies immediately sprung into activity, setting the table and preparing the food, while one fairy flew up to me and just stared.

I guess it wants to know what I want. Thinking about it, I don’t know what to ask for; if I ask for something they don’t know, god knows what I might get. Stick to the basics I guess.

“Have you got any chicken, and vegetables?” There’s nothing wrong with an old fashioned Sunday dinner.

To my relief, the fairy simply nodded before flying off, within a few minutes a trio of fairies had already served Yuka’s dinner, which caused me to double take, she’d been served some kind of pie, and chips. “If there’s one good thing about you outsiders, it’s your food, much better then the gruel you find in that village.”

A few moments later, the same group of fairies arrived with an eye-catching meal; the eye-catching part was the chicken, uncooked and still covered in feathers. I stared at the chicken, which appeared to stare back before Yuka spoke, “If you weren’t expecting that, describe it better, they’re quite dumb.”

One of the fairies gave Yuka an evil look before turning to me again, “Let’s try again, can I have the chicken like humans have them, that’s without the feathers, and cooked. Just like before, the fairy nodded and carried the chicken away.

The wait was, unsurprisingly longer this time, just as the fairies appeared with my meal, Yuka stood up, finished. “I’m going to sleep, good night.” I watched as Yuka walked around the corner and let out a sigh. Finally, a little more freedom.

I looked down at my meal, which appeared a lot more edible this time, turning to the fairy I gave my thanks and the fairy bowed in return before flying off. Considering the fairies were “quite dumb” the meal tasted absolutely delicious, maybe it was just the hunger making it better, but it was certainly something.

Once I’d finished it I followed what Yuka did, presuming the fairies would clean up, also following what Yuka did, I decided I would go bed, or least back to my room, where I could do some reading.

At the top of the stairs, the door right ahead looked much more expensive and decorated then the others, so I could only guess that, that was Yuka’s room. I continued to walk to my room thinking how the colour scheme actually worked in this house, somehow.

Finally. I was back in my room, flopping onto the overly soft bed and almost being swallowed by I gave a complementary stretch and yawn. Another fairy flew in a placed something on a chair before bowing and flying out again. Upon examination it turned out to be a set of green pyjamas complete with a night cap, not caring what I’d look like I got changed, though giving the night cap a miss.

At last, I slid into bed and put out the candle, leaving the room in complete darkness. Yet for some reason, I couldn’t sleep, despite the weariness I was feeling. I tolerated it for a few minutes before sitting up. “Maybe reading that book will help me get to sleep.”

Fumbling in the dark I tried to find a way to get some light in the room when, as my eyes scanned by I saw some red lights in the window. “Oh, great. I didn’t close the curtains.” Since I could imagine the room now, knowing where the window was I slowly got out of bed and plodded over to the window. This is Yuka’s dream world, why would there be lights in the distance?

I stood still for a moment, not taking my eyes of the lights until my fears were confirmed, the ‘lights’ blinked. 


That can’t be Yuka, can it? She went to bed, surely? The eyes simply did nothing, as if they were expecting me to panic and flee. Surely, if I ran that’d just make things worse? Perhaps if I just move slowly and normally, it’ll lose interest.

I gulped somewhat before attempted to walk to the window calmly and fumbled for the curtain, finally I found it and swung it in front of the window. I took a step back, before taking another and waited. Nothing, it would’ve done something by now, it’s got to just be some weak youkai that found it’s way here.

Trying to reassure myself, I began to start the seemingly long walk back to my bed. It can’t be that Flandre, she wouldn’t have been so quiet, with the power to destroy anything, stealth isn’t really an issue. Finally, I reached the bed and slide back in, this time burying myself slightly more under the quilt.

Plus, surely Yuka would know if Flandre was here, it’s her world, she can do as she pleases.

Slightly happier and warm under the quilt I turned onto my side.

Oh dear god.

The other window, beside my bed, was inhabited by two red objects. It’s got to be. I’ve got to find Yuka.

I waited a moment and pretended I had calmed down, before falling out the side of my bed and making a run for the door. As I reached the door there was a huge crashing noise, as the ceiling above the doorway collapsed, practically trapping me in the room.

I started to run for the other window, before tripping over a table and was hit by a falling lamp. A lamp! I felt around the lamp frantically until I finally found a way to turn it on, the room suddenly filled with light and allowed me to have a slightly better glimpse of what was in the window. A young looking girl with blonde shoulder-length hair and a pigtail, and a frilly white hat decorated with a ribbon. Another striking feature was the demonic grin on her face.

At that moment I swore I heard her laugh, as the wall next to the window began to glow red around a certain point. The light got brighter and brighter until the wall suddenly exploded sending debris and dust flying through the room.

Coughing from the dust, I looked up to see the girl was now standing at the room, watching me with the same smile. “I win.” The girl shouted in a childish voice you’d expect from a child like her, slightly insane.

“Y-You win? Won-“ I coughed again, “W-Won what?”

“My game! I’ve caught a human!”

“Why, would you want to catch a human?” I questioned back, trying to stall time.

The girl looked at me slightly disappointed, “Are you really that dumb? To eat! I’ve never had a fresh human before.” The girl stepped forward, “And now’s my chance.”

At that point I noticed what was behind the girl, attached to her. Instead of the typical bat wings you would expect from a vampire, there were, just like in the encyclopedia, wings that appeared to be made from metal and crystals, which appeared almost, like a rainbow in their range of colours.

I started to back away but my attacker got closer every moment until my heart sunk, my back had reached the wall. “You lose!” The girl opened her mouth, revealing her pointed fangs.

With no other idea left I was left with my last, seemingly useless resort, “YUKA!” I shouted at the top of my lungs.

Immediately the girl started laughing, “She can’t help you, I never lose against anyone!”

At that very moment my ears picked up on a new noise, a strange humming sound, which I’d heard before from somewhere. Laser. Immediately I dived to the floor and rolled away from Flandre and into a corner causing the attacker to start laughing again, “Stop resisting! You’re going to die no matter-“ The humming noise stopped before there was another crashing noise, “What?”

The blocked doorway was suddenly blasted away by an all too familiar laser before it struck into Flandre and then the wall after that, sending her straight through, causing another shower of rubble and dust.

Even with the dust, it was easy to make out the figure of Yuka, parasol in hand, walk through the doorway, with a satisfied grin. Yuka turned to look at me she spoke in a cheerful tone, “Wait here.” Before walking over to the latest hole in the wall. Yuka stood in the doorway, parasol in hand looking around for the first clue of Flandre.

Without warning the walls of the room began to crumble and shatter, causing Yuka to jump back several metres grabbing me by the hand and leaping out of the hole in the wall onto a bed of flowers. Looking behind, the roof of the room had already collapsed completely, if I hadn’t have got dragged out, I’d have been a goner for sure.

Childish laughter filled the air causing Yuka to grab me by the arm again and throw me to the down, “Don’t move.” You said something like that last time, and it didn’t help. Flandre descended into sight, unharmed by Yuka’s attack minus a small trickle of blood which ran down the side of her face.

“So, you want to play too, do you?” Flandre giggled, licking the blood as it ran down her face, causing her to look even more evil.

“I’d love to. ~” Yuka replied, equally insane before jumping up to meet Flandre, who started laughing.

Flandre started to laugh even more, “You think you can win! I won’t lose to someone like you!” As she held out her arm, a metallic object resembling her wings, without the crystals, materialised in her hand. The object then glowed a bright scarlet colour and grew to about 2 metres long, “Let’s go!”

Flandre lunged at Yuka who promptly dived out of the way before firing another giant beam after Flandre, who merely turned around and cleaved the beam in two.

Yuka giggled, “Not bad, you might be a worthy fight.”

“That laser won’t work on me! Marisa’s already used it too much!”

“That witch…” Yuka hissed, before preparing for another attack from Flandre.

On cue, Flandre swooped down, but away from Yuka. She’s aiming for me! Recognising the situation I did the only thing I could, run. Looking behind me I saw the vampire was catching up much faster then I could sprint, checking where I was running I heard the maniacal laughing behind me. Flandre screamed, “Got you!” Then there was a shattering cracking noise behind me, causing me to trip over and roll on the floor. Looking behind I saw Yuka standing in front of Flandre, holding her parasol, which was now in two halves. Flandre’s weapon had also lost its glow and size and returned to normal.

Yuka looked at a piece of her parasol in disbelief before throwing them to the floor, “Leave the human out of this, you can do what you want with him after you’re done with me.” Yuka spoke in a more serious tone then before.

“Worried?” Flandre mocked before lunging again at Yuka, swiping with her hands which looked more like claws now, Yuka jumped to the side and delivered a kick to the side of Flandre sending her to the ground who lay face down in the dirt. In this time I snuck over the mansion and sat behind a piece of debris, which offered slightly more protection then standing next to them.

“That’s what you get for fighting with the strongest youkai there is. ~” Yuka gloated over Flandre. Grabbing her by the leg, Yuka threw Flandre into the air like a doll before charging at it ready to strike again when Flandre suddenly corrected herself and grabbed Yuka by her right shoulder.

“Game over!” Flandre shouted as Yuka struggled to break free from the vice-like grip. “Too late!” Red energies started to gather and focus around one spot on Yuka’s shoulder; it became apparent that Flandre was going to use her powers to simply destroy Yuka.

“Yuka, get out of there!” I shouted, despite knowing how obvious the advice was. Despite the situation, Yuka calmed looked over at me and nodded, before looking back at Flandre and smiled. Yuka swung around and kicked Flandre and at that moment there was an explosion and a shower of blood, followed by screaming.

Reluctantly, I looked up at the scene, Yuka was alive, albeit missing her right arm which she was clutching with her other arm, while the screeching came from Flandre, whose arm was hanging limp at the elbow, Yuka’s kick must have shattered it disrupting her power enough to only destroy her arm.

Both of the fighters backed up slightly and lowered to the ground, though constantly facing each other. Yuka reached down and ripped the head off a sunflower and held it to her wound, causing the sunflower to grow and cover the bleeding. That’s one way of using her powers, I guess. Though I’m surprised she hasn’t changed much from the injury. Flandre became silent once again, with only the look of anger on her face, eyes burning brighter then ever before.

“DIE!” Flandre screamed as she jumped at the wounded Yuka, who once again spun out of the way, but wasn’t expecting the next attack by Flandre, who spun on the spot and lunged with her working arm again clawing her face, followed by her wings which impaled through Yuka’s stomach.

Immediately, Flandre started laughing hysterically, and louder then before. Unsurprisingly Yuka looked a lot more weary now, That’s it, she’s finished now. Toying with Yuka, Flandre shook her wings around with Yuka still hanging from them, “I win! You lose!” Flandre sung, as if her arm wasn’t damaged at all. Pulling her wings in closer, Flandre licked some of the blood off Yuka, “How horrible, Youkai are useless even if-“ Flandre paused, “What are you smiling at!” Yuka glowed yellow for a moment causing Flandre pushed her wings away slightly, revealing that Yuka was, indeed, smiling, both of them.

A second Yuka had appeared, impaled on Flandre’s other wing, “Get off me!” Flandre frantically cried before both Yuka’s placed a foot on Flandre and grabbed the wing they were on with their remaining arm. “No!” Flandre shouted before screaming in pain.

Oh… my god…”

The pair of Yuka’s were pulling Flandre’s wings off her, causing the screams of pain to get louder and louder to the point I covered by ears and almost looking away. The screaming continued for what seemed like an eternity with the blood-soaked Yuka’s still pulling, until there was a screech that almost pierced my eardrums. I looked over at the trio, and there stood the two Yuka’s holding a wing each.

Both of them threw the wings to the ground causing them to immediately disintegrate before one of the Yuka’s disappeared in a yellow spark. The other Yuka fell to one knee and everything went scarily quiet for a moment.

“How dare you.” A weakened but hateful voice shouted

No way.

“How dare you!” The voice shouted again, before an all too familiar figure climbed from the ground, “I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you!”

“You’ve already lost.” Yuka laughed, obviously in pain. “This is my world, which gives me the advantage.”

“I’ll kill you now!” Flandre lurched forward, but failed to move.

The sky suddenly lit up with sunlight, causing me to cover my eyes for a moment, only hearing what was said.

“Sunlight!” Flandre laughed, “That was your trick? It doesn’t work on me!” Flandre shouted, trying to sound stronger then she was.

“No, but now you can see your defeat.” Yuka grinned at Flandre with her trademark menacing grin.

Surrounding Flandre was an entire field of flowers, which started to grow and swarm around her to the point where she was completely blocked from sight. Many more flowers started to join the swarm, though these ones remained much more mobile and looked more like razors circling Flandre, though luckily the sheer mass of flowers hid the actually scene from me.

After a minute of continuous barraging, the flowered froze a moment, before the swarm exploded into the air sending a mix of flowers and petals scattering across the sky.

I couldn’t see Flandre any more, she was simply covered by flowers, but it was obvious that spell finished her off. I realised that Yuka was missing also, looking around I jumped to see a pale, drenched in blood Yuka, “You’re… alright, that’s… good.” Yuka proceeded to lie on the ground, “I’m going… to sleep, get… Elly to throw that girl out… before she wakes up.”

Flowers immediately started to cover Yuka and within a few seconds had formed something resembling a cocoon around her. I could only hope she was really sleeping and not dead, though I wouldn’t be surprised with all the blood she lost from her arm and stomach wounds. After waiting a few, uneventful moments, I followed Yuka’s order and went to fetch Elly, it was the only thing I could think to do. 
Upon reaching it, I started to hit Elly’s door as much as I could, to little prevail, continuing for a few more seconds I heard quietly, “Okay… okay… I can hear you…”

I heard a series of bumps and crashes until finally the door opened revealing a half-asleep Elly still dressed in her white nightclothes, though still holding her trademark scythe.

“What is it..? Oh! It’s you! Yuka’s human! Hello!” Elly suddenly proclaimed. Thanks, like I didn’t know that. “What’s the matter?” She questioned before yawning.

She really slept through it all? How?! “Over there!” I pointed towards the mansion, “I was just attacked by a vampire! This vampire also then nearly killed Yuka before getting beaten. Yuka then told me to get you before surrounding herself with flowers!” I nearly shouted at Elly, half hysterically.

“Really?” Elly replied, tilting her head to the side slightly.

“Yes, really! Why would I lie about something like this!?” I shouted.

“Well… Yuka could have put you up to it.”

I continued to shout, “Well, she didn’t! Now come on!”

“Fine…” Elly sighed before leaving the house, and began walking to where I pointed. It seemed that she was in no hurry at all about Yuka, which means I’m possibly overreacting. “So… was it a good fight?” Elly asked out the blue.

“Good? Well, it was rather violent if that’s what you mean. Yuka’s arm was blown off and then she got impaled, so, yes, it was violent.”

“Ah, it’s a shame I didn’t see it.” Elly said, genuinely disappointed. Is she really a guard?

It wasn’t long before we were stood before the body of the vampire, already some of the cuts had started to heal and two metallic looking lumps were already forcing their way out of her back. “Vampires are quite known for their regeneration, it’s difficult to slay them since they recover so fast.” Elly explained without me asking.

Picking up the body, Elly slung the regenerating body over her shoulder, “Well, I had best throw this out. Someone’ll collect it eventually.”

“What about Yuka? She looked pretty bad.”

Elly laughed, “Don’t worry, leave her be and she’ll be back soon enough, this isn’t the first time, you know. She always gets into situations like this.” Elly looked at me, “You should go to sleep as well, you look almost as bad as her.” Elly poked the unconscious Flandre. “Anyway, I’ll see you around!” Elly spun around and walked in the direction of the portal, Flandre in one arm and her scythe in the other.

I guess I should head back to the mansion, just in case there’s anything else around.

I started the short walk back to the mansion, noticing that the fairies had already started work rebuilding the damaged room. So they don’t even need orders from Yuka, not bad.

Entering the mansion again I just wanted a place to sit down, despite not taking part in the fight, it seemed to have taken a lot out of me. Now the adrenaline had run out, I could feel my mind blurring slightly. Walking down the passage on the other side to the dining room I felt slightly heartened by the sight of a large comfy looking chair. Wobbling over to it I sat down and laid back, finally letting the events soak into my mind.

Someone had tried to kill me; Yuka then proceeded to save me and fought the vampire, both sustaining injuries that should have killed them, yet somehow, they’re both alive. What a world this is.

By my feelings I took a guess that my world was nothing like this, since everyone felt so exciting and unusual I can only think that the world I come from has nothing like this. Soon after, I could sense my mind dulling and my thoughts slowing down until finally everything started going blank.

There was a small thudding noise and I realised I was conscious again, followed by another quiet, but noticeable thud. I guess I should see what it is. My mind thought, as lazy as the rest of my body, eventually I lazily opened my eyes.

What I wasn’t expecting to see was a blood covered Yuka smiling at me; it certainly woke me up, in the form of me almost jumping out of my skin. “Good morning! ~” She chirped.

“M-morning” I mumbled. Looking at Yuka, it proved what Elly said, she was already back to normal. “I see… you got your arm back.” I asked, wondering on how weird that question sounded.

”Hmm… Oh, yes. I’ve had worse.” Why am I not surprised at her not caring about losing a limb. Yuka spoke airily, “Well, I’m going to wash, I don’t like vampire blood much. ~” Peeling some dried blood off her face, she turned and left the room.

Wow, she regenerated quickly. I scanned the room for a clock to check. I’d say it took about 8 hours for her to get an arm back, that’s unreal. Deciding it would be best to do something rather then nothing, I got up from the chair and started to explore around the half of the mansion I was in now.

The exploration turned out quite uneventful, there weren’t anything special, just more normal looking rooms, though I wasn’t really sure what I was expecting. The only room worth noticing was a study, full of books and similar things. Looking for more information in general, I began to scan through the titles of the books looking for anything interesting. As I moved around the room concentrating on the book I bumped into something, “Hey, watch it.” Or someone.

I looked up to see a young witch standing in front of me, it was quite obvious since her clothes matched them completely, and the only unusual part was the apron she wore also, which felt out of place. The witch had shoulder length blonde hair with her hair braided on one side of her face, which matched the colour of her eyes.

She looked at me for a moment before wearing a mischievous grin on her face and spoke, “Yo.” 
I looked at the witch before replying, “Hi.” Why do I know this is just more trouble?

“You the librarian here or something?” The witch questioned.

I shook my head, “N-no. I’m just an ordinary human, to be honest I’ve never been in here before.”

“Really, an ordinary human? Living with Miss Flower Power isn’t really ordinary, I know.” I couldn’t help but laugh somewhat at the nickname for Yuka. “Marisa’s the name, who’re you?”

“Well, I don’t exactly have one.” I mumbled, getting bored of having to use that answer.

“I see, seems librarians don’t get names.” Marisa spoke under her breath.

“I told you! I’m not a librarian!” I objected.

“Yeah, so where’s the spells kept?” It would seem the witch was only hearing what she wanted to hear.

I shrugged my shoulders, “I have no idea, one of those fairies are more likely to know then me.”

“I’ll pass, they’re only good for blowing away.” Almost sounded as homicidal as Yuka.

The witch turned back to raiding through the bookshelves when an idea entered my head, “I think I know where the spell is.”

Throwing the book she was holding to the side, the witch turned excitedly, “Really! Where?”

“Yuka will have it with her, she used it in a fight with a vampire last night.”

“Dammit!” The witch shouted and tapped herself on the head, “I should have thought of that.”

There was another moment of silence while the witch stood deep in thought, “I gather you’re here to… steal a spell?” I interrupted.

“Steal?” Marisa started to laugh, “Nah, I’m just borrowing it.”

“Without her permission.”

“Yep.” The witch chirped, obviously having done this before. “So, where is Flower Power then?”

“Having a bath or something, she said she was going to get the blood from the fight off her.”

The witch sighed, “Guess I’ll have to wait for a while then.” The witch reached around the corner, producing a bag, and started to place books into it. And just like that, she starts to steal books, right in front of me. Still, it’s not like I can do anything… except stall her maybe?

“So… Do you go to the shrine much…?” I quietly started.

The witch looked up from the bag, “Huh? Reimu’s place? Of course, we’re best pals!” Straight away she went back to her work. It’s not working! She’s still stealing!

Stealing

“Say, have you met the new Hakurei Deity yet?” I questioned.

Marisa looked up from her work slightly annoyed before looking curious, “Hmm? There’s a new god? Since when?”

“Yesterday, she arrived when I was there.” I grinned, I really hope I’m right. Thieving, magic, sound about right. “Her name is Mima.”

“M-Mima! Lady Mima’s back!?” Marisa suddenly screamed. Bingo. “What, is she at the shrine now!”

“Well, yes. Like I said, she’s the goddess, so I’d expect so.”

Reaching behind the same corner as last time, this time she picked up a broom before running to leave the room. “Wait, you’re not playing a trick are you?”

If you think that, then why are you asking me! I shook my head, “No, she’s there.”

Marisa grinned at me before turning around to leave the room. “Oof!”

Picking herself up off the floor, Marisa looked up to see Yuka watching over her, having bumped into her as she walked into the room. Here we go again.

“Hey there! I was just leaving!” Marisa cockily spoke to Yuka, who replied with a stare. They’re obviously not friends.

“So, I was just leaving.” Marisa jumped into the air and at the same time swinging her broomstick around, landing on it. Laughing, she started to move away, “I’m in a bit of a rush, so I’ll come back some other time!”

As the witch flew out of site, it was easy to predict Yuka’s next move. With her usual grin she raised her parasol. She managed to fix that too?! In a few seconds, an all too familiar noise echoed around the library with the complementary flash of light. A second or two later I heard Marisa cry in alarm, “Watch it! Stop using my spell on me!”

Instead of listening, Yuka began to chase after Marisa, “What do you mean your spell! You stole it from me you…” Yuka shouted before their voices faded into the distance.

With a sigh I turned around and looked at the mess left by the witch, not wanting to follow the others and risk getting blown up, I decided it would be best to just stall around and have a look in a minute or two. Wondering if people days existed here, I picked up some of the discarded books and replaced them on the shelves. 
I’d let a few minutes pass before I started to move away from the study to check up on the chase from before. The house was in surprisingly good condition, I somewhat expected the mansion to be wrecked with depressed looking fairies already working on it, but minus the odd scorch mark on the wall and a burnt up tapestry or painting of some sort, it wasn’t that bad. Well, I am surprised.

I wondered down the hall, smiling at my prediction being half-right due to a fairy frowning while working on a scorched part of the wall. Continuing on, I reached the front door, which seemed to be hanging from their hinges, presumably from the force of Marisa when she rocketed into them in escape. Either way, the doors were stuck and weren’t willing to open, with normal force anyway.

With a good kick, I’m sure it’d open.

“1… 2…-“ Wait! What if Yuka’s on the other side?

At that point my head enacted the scene of kicking the door down, sending Yuka flying in the process, followed by me being chased down and blown away, much like the incident with Marisa.

It’d be wise to check for her. I walked up to the door and began to try and see Yuka through one of the many dents and cracks in the door, to little success. “Looks clear, go-“ The next thing I know, I was on the floor after a sharp impact to my face. What the hell was that?! Looking up, I found myself unsurprised to see Yuka, having just kicked the door down from her side.

Yuka looked at me with a strange look, “What are you doing on the floor?”

“Don’t act like you don’t know.” I groaned, noticing my nose was bleeding.

Yuka merely smiled, “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”

Without any prompt, a fairy flew up to me and held a piece of cloth of something like that against my nose. Why would I not be surprised if chloroform was on this cloth?

Looking at the scene bemused, Yuka sneered, “Humans, what weak beings, one little strike to the face and they need help.”

Thanks for those valuable words of encouragement, Yuka.

Getting up from the floor, holding the piece of cloth to my nose and sarcastically spoke to Yuka, “I gather you got rid of the witch then.”

“Oh yes, she’s was too much in a hurry to see that mentor of hers to put up a good fight.” Haven’t you had enough fights yet!

Thinking of Mima, I remembered about asking Akyu about her, next time I see her. “Where will we be going today?” I asked, sounding like I knew everywhere in Gensokyo.

“The flower field.” Yuka spoke simply.

“And?” I urged.

“Just the flower field, the miko’s asked me to make displays for tomorrow’s party.” Yuka smiled. “You can go where you want though.”

That was the answer I was waiting for, a free ticket to the village. “So, are we leaving now?” I questioned, while moving the blood-covered cloth slightly.

“If you want. ~” As usual, Yuka turned around and began to walk at her own pace, ignoring me making me have to catch up a little.

Much like the night before, the walk from the mansion was much shorter, Elly was again sitting outside her house doing nothing, greeting Yuka as she passed, “No luck on that witch, Yuka? You’ll get her one day.”

Yuka sneered and continued walking past Elly, “I guess you’ve met Marisa before then?” I questioned once we were away from Elly’s house.

Yuka sighed, “Yes, ever since the Miko and her barged in and she stole one of my spells, she’s been coming back and trying to steal even more.”

“Ah, she mentioned something like that to me.” Something clicked in my head from last night when the vampire talked about Yuka using Marisa’s spell. “She stole that… big laser spell, right?”

“That one.” Yuka answered.

Before I could ask about the spell she wants to steal, I saw we were already at the portal, and Yuka had already walked though.

I noticed that my nose had finally stopped bleeding so I put the cloth I was using away and sarcastically mumbled, “Thanks for waiting.” Before walking through into the brightness of the flower field.

Yuka had already started manipulating the flowers, grouping them together and sorting them into patterns, as you expect in flower displays. I waited around for a few, uneventful minutes and decided to move on. “I’m going to go off for a bit then.”

“Suit yourself, don’t get killed.” Yuka spoke menacingly with her back to me. Without another word, I started to walk to the village, wondering if Yuka had said something with good meaning for once, which I doubt. 
Checking behind my shoulder every few minutes, it eventually became clear that Yuka was intent on doing the work and not planning anything else, mostly involving me. The walk was overall uneventful, I expected something as little as a sighting of Cirno but there was nothing of the sort, I could only guess she’d gone to challenge that frog god again.

This time around the village was actually busy, presumably they must have seen Yuka coming since she wasn’t exactly the type of person to blend into a crowd. The villagers didn’t take notice of me much until I was in the outskirts of the village, then the strange looks and whispers began. They probably remember me with Yuka or something.

The villagers mostly ignored me except monitoring me out of the corner of their eyes until as the time before, Keine emerged from a building and saw it was me, as she approached she called, “Hello again! Good to see you’re alright!” Keine took a quick look around and spoke in a quieter tone, “I was quite worried leaving you with her. I thought you might get killed or- Oh, your nose! What happened!? Did she do it?!”

I’d forgot about my nose for a moment, no doubt it had a layer of blood around it giving it away to Keine, “It’s nothing… I merely had an encounter with a door… that was moving.” I answered vaguely.

Keine looked at me skeptically for a moment before shaking her head, “If you say so.” Keine looked away in thought for a moment before turning back to me, face back it’s friendly self, “So, what are you here for today?”

I shrugged my shoulders, “Nothing in particular, Yuka’s in that field of hers making flower displays or something for a party.”

“Oh yes, that’s tomorrow isn’t it?” Keine replied.

“Yeah, so are you going too?” I asked for the sake of asking.

Keine nodded, “Yes, they’ve stopped by here a few times for preparations, so I ended up getting invited, it sounds like quite the crowd is going to be there.” Keine paused again before speaking, “If you’ve got nothing to do, would you like to visit Akyu’s again, seeing as you seemed to enjoy it last time?”

I answered with a nod, “Sure, I’ve got a few questions to ask anyway.”

Keine smiled, “Okay then, let’s go shall we?” Unlike Yuka, Keine waited for me to start moving before she did. As we walked, Keine spoke. “So, what do you think of your stay in Gensokyo so far?”

I couldn’t think of a suitable word to describe things, “I don’t know really, things are quite confusing when you’re dealing with youkai, gods and vampires all in the first day.”

“Gensokyo is indeed an overwhelming place… Wait? Vampire? You didn’t encounter the escaped one, Flandre, did you?” Keine suddenly went alert.

“Encounter, more like seconds away from bring killed by her. If it wasn’t for Yuka, I’d be dead.”

“You’re very lucky, she’s the last person I’d expect to save someone else.” Keine replied sounding slightly surprised.

“Yeah, I was quite surprised, but I know she was after a fight with Flandre anyway, so she had another reason.”

“So, she must have won otherwise you wouldn’t be here, looks like there more good in her then I though.” At last, we stood in front of Akyu’s house. “I’ve got a few things to do, just go on in and I’ll be back later on. See you later.”

“Alright, Bye.” Keine smiled and walked off, somewhere else in the village. I turned and looked and the door, and knocked on it. There was no response, so as Keine said I walked in.

Around the corner, just like last time, Akyu was sat at the table, writing. “Hi, Akyu.”

The purple haired girl looked up from her work, “Oh, hello again. Nice to see you haven’t been hurt, or worse.”

I laughed, “Well, things have certainly tried.” I explained the story of Flandre to Akyu, who I noticed was writing the story down as I spoke.

“That vampire is quite the handful at times, mostly she stays at the mansion but there’s always the odd occasion that she breaks out, and then there’s always trouble. It’s quite fortunate you didn’t get harmed.”

As the conversation slowed down I looked around the room when I saw a painting of the Hakurei Shrine, “I remember now, I have a question.”

“Oh? What is it?” Akyu looked at me inquisitively.

“Who’s Mima? I met her yesterday and there’s no record of her in the book you lent me.”

“Mima, you say? Are you sure it was her? She’s been missing for quite a while now. It was probably just Marisa Kirisame playing a prank.” Akyu replied.

“No, it was her, I met Marisa this morning and she was overjoyed to hear the news, plus they looked completely different, Mima had blue clothes and long green hair while Marisa wore black and was blonde.” I objected.

“Well, that sounds like her. Where did you see her?” Akyu asked curiously, pen in hand.

”At the Hakurei Shrine, she appeared there a while after we got there, and she started to annoy Reimu on how she’d become the deity of the shrine.”

Akyu was writing everything down, “Very interesting, looks like I’ll have to make a new article soon, if she’s become the Hakurei god then it’s vital I write about her.”

“So, she wasn’t a god once?” I asked.

“No, in fact, for a long time she was opposed to the Hakurei bloodline, trying to kill them along with the rest of mankind.” Akyu went on to explain.

I was quite surprised, “She did? I figured she was evil somehow due to her magic, but I didn’t think she was that bad.”

“Yes, She appears all over Gensokyo’s timeline appearing and trying to kill the current Shrine Maiden, failing each time though it didn’t deter her. She just wanted ‘Revenge for her death’ and to resurrect herself. Though the last time she appeared, she just seemed have given up on what she aimed for so long and settled down.” Akyu jotted something down in the book, “After her final attempt she became more friendly to everyone, mainly staying around the shrine she once hated, and then when the Makai accident occurred, she wasn’t seen again.”

I interrupted the explanation, “Makai incident?”

“A few years ago there was an incident where demons were entering Gensokyo in quite large numbers, in the end it was discovered they were arriving from Makai, Reimu Hakurei, Marisa Kirisame, Yuka Kazami and Mima ventured into Makai and put an end to the case, though Mima hasn’t been seen by anyone since then, until now.” Akyu played with the pen around her fingers, “I can only guess that she stayed in Makai and became a god with the help of Shinki, who’s the goddess there.”

“And so, just like that, someone who was once pure evil became the goddess of a shrine which stands for good, or so I’m lead to believe?”

“Like I said, Mima changed, it wouldn’t be surprising to hear she’s forgiven whatever happened to her and no longer wants revenge or to be reincarnated, I guess being a god is even better then that.”

“I see.” Mima must have honestly changed then, she didn’t seem that bad when I met her, more mischievous then evil. “One last thing then, what reason did Yuka have for going to Makai, she doesn’t exactly seem like the kind of person to team up with Reimu to fight evil.”

Akyu looked up again, “She never said herself so there’s only guesses, some say she went for the fights, some say she went to chase after Marisa Kirisame, she has quite the hatred for her since Marisa stole one of Yuka’s favoured spells, Master Spark.”

I laughed, “Yeah, I’ve experienced that hatred up close when she caught Marisa trying to steal another spell and the other theory sounds about right too.” As the conversation ended, Akyu looked back to what she was working on, I took that as an invitation to get a more recent copy of the book then I had and started to read. 
It’s quite amazing how much time can pass when you find a good book, looking up to the clock I saw that the time had already passed 3 hours, the clock showing it was now 4 o’clock.

Keine had come and gone, though she was reluctant to go, and took a lot of convincing that I was all right, after I explained the encounter with Flandre. Akyu as always noted what I said and explained, possibly because I’m from the outside, I’m not sure.

I wasn’t too sure what possessed me to do it, but I decided that I was going to go exploring again, outside the village, maybe it was overconfidence since I knew the majority of notable beings in Gensokyo now, but that doesn’t mean I can fight them off or anything.

“Well, I’m going to go and explore for a while, I might be back later on, if not I’ve probably been dragged off by Yuka.” I laughed, “Or killed.” I chuckled weakly at my addition to the sentence.

Akyu, as usual looked up at me, “Okay, be careful. See you next time!” Akyu spoke optimistically. Why do things feel like I’m going on a suicide mission? Standing up I waved goodbye and walked outside.

“So, where should I go?” I said to myself, looking around. Unfortunately, the village was surrounded by woods on every side. Not much of a choice, I guess.

I decided if anywhere, it would be best to enter the woods, which went alongside and closest to the flower field, then in the case everything went bad, I could at least attempt to flee to Yuka.

I’m all for exploring, but it’s not like there’ll be anything interesting in these trees. I thought before walking into the forest.

As I somewhat expected, the forest has a chilly atmosphere, and quite dark, much to my dismay. Walking in an angle so I was always in sight of the light from outside, I began wondering about what I hoped to find during this explanation, a forest never seemed like a thing to hide something interesting, just creepy.

Without warning, the surroundings suddenly got a lot darker; looking up and around, even the light was the outside was nowhere to be seen. What in the world is going on? Oh wait, it’s not like I don’t know, something life-threatening.

Almost on cue, I could just see a patch of the floor began moving towards me, the buzzing and hissing made it clear that it was actually a swarm of insects, heading for me.

Run! My mind screamed continuously as I followed the order, until I realized that in my panic, I’d lost all bearings and the darkness certainly wasn’t giving any clues. As I ran in an unknown direction, the noises got louder, which means they’re either catching up or there’s even more of them, either way I wasn’t planning on finding out.

The area began to get even darker, so I decided to run to the side, hoping that it would take me out the forest, or at least get lighter, but to little prevail. Another problem is that I can’t run forever, already I felt myself tiring and getting slower. This darkness is getting to the point where I can’t see anyth-

A familiar feeling, in the form of a tree, struck me in the face and as I fell backwards to the ground I remembered the incident with the door earlier. As I lay half-dazed on the forest floor, I wondered why I hadn’t been surrounded by a swarm of vicious flesh rending bugs yet; again on cue there was a noise, but not what I was expecting.

Giggling?!

“We got him!” Someone sung out loud.

“Great work, team!” Another voice called.

“Yeah!” A much higher pitched and immature sounding voice shouted.

“What are we waiting for let’s get him!” The sounds of footsteps got louder and louder until the same voice as before cut in, “Hey wait, I think I know him.”

It can’t be, can it? Oh, the irony.

“It is you!” A familiar voice shouted at me, “Of all the people to catch, and it’s you!”

“You know him, Cirno?” Just as I thought.

“Yeah, I met him yesterday, he’s not bad, but he hangs around with that Yuka, she’d kill us if we did anything.”

“Who’s Yukaaaaaaa?” The immature voice called again.

“Don’t you know anything?! The one that uses all the flowers!”

“And the one who beat Cirno yesterday!” I heard Daiyousei add.

“Shut up.” The voice of Cirno interrupted.

A more serious sounding voice spoke, “Well, what do you want to do with him?”

“Eat hiiiiim.” The squeaky immature voice said. No, no, let’s not.

“We can’t eat him if he’s Cirno’s friend.” Spoke another serious sounding voice. I like that answer.

Finally my head had stopped hurting enough to lift it from the ground and actually have a look at my would-be attackers. As their voices, and the presence of Cirno suggested, it was a group of younger looking youkai.

The first had fairly short pink hair and strange ears protruding from them, wearing a burgundy and white dress decorated with pink ribbons, which snaked down the dress, she also wore a matching coloured hat on her hat, which sported wings or something resembling them. Her final noticeable feature, were the purple and pink wings, resembling a birds, on her back.

The next youkai was a more childish looking one, presumably the immature sounding one, she wore a simple black shirt and dress over a long sleeved white blouse, which contrasted with her bright blonde hair. In her hair was a small red ribbon, though it looked like it had suffered some wear and tear through the years.

The final newcomer had her back turned to me, but from what I could make out she wore a white shirt and blue trousers, reaching to her knees, though most of her appearance was blocked by her black cape. Hidden among her greenish-blue hair were two antennae, which suggested that she was the one controlling the bugs from earlier.

I had hunches on who they are, having read the book not long ago, however probably due to the fright and possible concussion of head butting a tree, I just couldn’t remember. 
Pushing myself off the ground, I lent back against the tree I had previously encountered, noticing my nose was leaking yet again.

I watched as Cirno marched up to me, hands on her hips, “Why the heck are you here?” She asked.

“I want to ask you that too.” I groaned.

Cirno sighed slightly, “Isn’t it obvious, playing with my friends!” Cirno looked back at the group, where a couple waved back. “But this is a place for youkai, not for a weak human like you! Even Daiyousei could beat you up!” Cirno laughed.’’

“Hey Cirno, that’s not very nice.” I heard a timid Daiyousei object.

“Unless you want to get killed, you should get out of here.”

“Well then, where can I get out, thanks to you and your little squad, I have no idea where I am and which way I’m meant to be going.” I complained.

A grin appeared on Cirno’s face before she ran over to her little group who huddled together whispering. Obviously, no good is going to come from this.

The group nodded together before Cirno ran back up to me, “We’ll show you the way out of the forest.”

“Oh, that’s good, I was think-“

“If, you beat us at a game.” Cirno interrupted me. I knew it.

“What game?” I said, with a slight sigh.

Cirno continued to smile, “Anything, you can choose.”

“And what if I lose?” I questioned cautiously. “You and your friends kill me or something?”

“No, we play again, and again, and again, until you win!”

Just what I wanted, to be playing games with Youkai continuously for my freedom.

“So, any game?” I asked.

“Yep!”

Without thinking I immediately blurted out, “Fine, we’ll play tag.”

“Okay!” Cirno shouted, already running off.

Eager to win, I started to sprint after Cirno and relieved to see I was catching up, Cirno was just in my reach when I heard another shout, “Now!”

At that moment, everyone flew up into the air several metres out of my reach and began giggling. “Catch us if you can!” One of the girls taunted, as I stood on the floor baffled.

There’s no point playing this, there’s no way I can reach them and even if I climbed a tree, it’s not like they can’t just fly away.

In what must be the shortest game ever, I announced my loss. “Alright, alright, you lot win, let’s play the next game.”

The girls slowly floated down, laughing and whispering in each other’s ears, probably about how useless I was at that game. Cirno laughed again and sneered, “Pick something that’ll last a bit longer, I don’t want to have to go easy on you!”

For obvious reasons, I found the fact a fairy was laughing at me quite irritating, so I began to put thought into the next game.

Something without chasing, what wouldn’t they be good at? I looked at the group again and something struck me, the majority of them weren’t exactly camouflaged, even Rumia (Who I suspected it was) though fairly well blended in black, had a head full of blonde hair which stuck out like a sore thumb, add the various bright blues and greens and pink from the others, and the idea emerged.

“Hide and seek.”

“Huh.” Cirno looked puzzled, for an unknown reason.

“Hide and seek, I’ll give you time to hide and then come and find you, but as soon as I find you, you’re out, no chasing or anything like that.” I grinned.

Cirno looked up at me stubbornly as though she was working something out, before she returned to her overconfident smile. “Fine then, get counting… and don’t look.”

“Whatever.” I turned around and leant face first against the tree I had head-butted from earlier. Soon enough the sounds of footsteps leading away could be heard leaving me along. Well, at least that means no one is going to smash my head against this tree while I’m not looking. I joked to myself.

Since Cirno gave me no exact number to count to, I counted to ninety before beginning my search. In my head, I was expecting to turn around and see at least one straight away, but that wasn’t reality, there wasn’t anyone to be seen, but I also realised then that there was no time limit on the game, I had all the time I wanted to find them.

Beginning my search I wanted down the most obvious route, following the sounds of the footsteps from earlier and it wasn’t before long I noticed patches of blue among the green leaves of a bush. I walked over to the overgrown plant and pulled some of the leaves away revealed a startled looking Daiyousei.

“Oh, hi.” She spoke quietly. “I guess I’m out then?”

“Yeah… Tough luck.” I replied sympathetically, for some reason.

One down, four to go!

Not far away from Daiyousei, I noticed in the corner of my eye some white in an otherwise brown tree, after a moment of staring, I could make out the shape of Wriggle Nightbug, lying on top of the branch. Thank god these youkai are distinctive enough to remember the names.

“You can come down, Wriggle.” I smirked. Unhappily, Wriggle hovered down from the tree branch, and it almost felt like she was missing a buzzing noise when she flew.

“It took Cirno ages to find me up there.” Wriggle complained.

Ha, not me.

It was a few more minutes afterwards until I found the next target; I noticed that in the middle of an area without much cover from the trees, there was an odd shadow, right in the middle. Looking up, in the worst place for hiding in the air imaginable was an orb of darkness, which must be Rumia.

After shouting her down, much like the others, and waiting for her to tease the others about lasting longer then them, we set off to find the final two, Cirno and who I presumed was Mystia Lorelei, if I remember right, she’s a Night Sparrow with a large love for singing.

Despite her wearing bright pink and Cirno wearing bright blue, they were surprisingly difficult to find, even after what felt like 10 minutes of searching. Looks like I’ll have to play dirty.

I walked a few more steps forward before turning around to the group following me, and spoke in a much louder voice then usual. I hope she doesn’t kill me for this. “You know, I don’t think that Mystia can sing very good at all! I think I can sing much better!”

All I got from the others were strange and confused looks, “I don’t even know why you hang around with her, if I had to listen to her all the time, I think my ears would bl-“ I was suddenly interrupted by a force colliding with my back sending me to the floor.

Turning around to see who did it, I saw a furious looking Mystia looking at me, “What are you talking about, I can sing much better then you’ll ever be able to you useless human! I don’t know why I shouldn’t just kill-“

“You’re out.” I interrupted Mystia’s high pitching, almost screaming rant. Followed by the laughter of the others.

Giggling, Wriggle spoke, “Mystia, you just gave yourself away, you could have won!” before laughing even more. Mystia looked embarrassed and stood behind the others.

“Don’t worry Mystia, I didn’t mean what I said.” I apologized, thinking it’s better to make peace rather then have a youkai hunt you down in the future.

“Okay… sorry…” Mystia spoke quietly, still bright red with embarrassment.

“So, its just Cirno herself left.” I spoke while walking away from the others, in a fashion much like Yuka.

However the problem arose that no matter how long or hard I looked, there was no sign at all of anything blue. Even my bluff about finding a pond full of frogs failed to draw her out of her hiding place.

Even more time passed to the point the sky was starting to due and lose it’s colour, and I found myself explaining my story to my followers, “And then Akyu and Keine explained how I’m not from Gensokyo, and that I might one day return to-“ Once again, I found myself interrupted as I tripped through a pile of fallen leaves.

“Watch it, you big idiot, you could-“

Suddenly the voice cut short. Bingo. I started to brush the leaves away with my foot revealing Cirno looking at me. “Idiot, if you didn’t stand on me you’d never have found me.”

I thought it was quite impressive that Cirno had spent something like an hour buried under a pile of leaves, “Well, you were the hardest the find, if that’s any consolation.”

Cirno sneered and smiled slightly, “That’s because I’m the best!”

“So, about the way out of here…” I went straight to the point.

Cirno laughed, “That’s easy, it’s over there.” Cirno pointed in a direction and began walking in that direction and in no more then 10 seconds later I could see the exit to the forest.

“See you later, we’re going back in the forest, the night’s just beginning you know!” The ice fairy ringleader spoke.

“Yeah, see you later.” I answered, and after exchanging farewells with the others I left the forest leaving me not too far away from the flower field. 
As I had noticed earlier, the sky was starting to get darker now, checking Yuka’s pocket watch it told the time as a few minutes before 6 o’clock. Damn, I got stuck playing children’s games for longer then I thought.

Strolling down to the flower field I noticed there was no activity or movement in the flower field. Oh great, she’s already gone on without me. Though it wasn’t exactly difficult to find the way back home, this time.

For a moment I wondered how Yuka could make the so-called flower displays yet the flower field looked completely unchanged or possibly grown even more flowers, until I remembered Yuka’s powers probably allowed her to create new flowers out of nowhere. Thinking about that made me realize that since the flowers weren’t here, there’s a good chance she’s taken the flowers, or making them at the shrine.

Either way, I wasn’t going back into that forest to get roped into another game, so I decided to go in the portal and return to the mansion, which would be much safer. I hope.

Since there was no point hanging around, I started to enter the portal and see if Yuka is back when I heard, “Hi! ~”

Speak of the devil.

“I was wondering when you’d get back.” Yuka spoke in her uncaring voice.

I looked at her quizzically, “You’ve been looking for me?”

“No.” Yuka started laughing, “I’ve been with Reimu making those flowers like I said. ~” Why did I know that would be the answer? “Though I did see you playing around in the forest when I flew over.”

“You could have stopped by, I was stuck in there! Forced to play games to get out!” I almost shouted at Yuka.

“Well, you looked like you were having fun, so I thought, ‘Why intervene?’ and continued on my way.” Yuka’s face was wearing that menacing grin again.

I grumbled to myself for a few seconds before asking casually, “I gather you got the flowers done then?”

“With plenty of time left, I spent most of the day drinking tea with Reimu.” Yuka continued smiling at me. “You should have come along.”

I have a sarcastic look, “I already told you. I was stuck in that forest for hours.”

“Well… you shouldn’t have got lost in the first place.” Yuka laughed.

I merely gave an evil look of my own at Yuka before walking into the portal and emerging on the other side as usual.

A few metres up the pathway, I decided it would be best to wait for Yuka, who emerged a few seconds later, smiling even more. Arms crossed, I waited for her to parade by before joining her at her side. “So, that festival or party, or whatever it is tomorrow. What’s to be expected?”

Yuka shrugged carelessly, “Who knows? Drinking, talking… I guess dancing if you’re into that. With that Oni in charge the only thing for sure is drinking.”

I thought back to how Suika was when I saw her, my memories recalled that she was drinking alcohol every other moment, “Ah, but didn’t Mima seem like she was going to do things as well.” I added.

“Like I said, drinking, talking, probably some music as well. I should expect even you humans have parties like that.”

“Well, yeah, we do.” I replied.

“Well it’s the same, only the fights are much more fun.” Yuka got an evil look in her eye.

I wonder what part Yuka goes for.

“So, there are a lot of people going?” I asked for the sake of wasting time.

“Oh, not that many. I think Reimu mentioned about ten were invited last year.”

“Ten? That’s not that much.”

Yuka quickly started talking again, “No, but an extra fifty or so turned up on top of that. So I would say it’ll be about the same this year.”

Suddenly the thought of a nice peaceful afternoon shattered as a huge crowd of people appeared around the shrine in my mind. “As a complete guess, I gather most of the others are going to be youkai?”

Yuka nodded, “That’s how it usually is.” Great work from the supposed youkai hunter, instead of destroying them she’s inviting them to parties, what’s she going to do? Poison the sake?

Continuing up the patch, I ended up explaining the events in the forest to Yuka, who merely laughed every time I mentioned an event where something went wrong for me, which was quite a lot of the story. As usual, Elly was asleep on her chair outside the house, though Yuka didn’t seem to care.

As the story finished, the chilling silent returned, so I started to talk once again. “So, how long have you lived her for?”

Yuka looked at me and gave me a sly look, “Longer then you’ve lived. Much longer.”

Why does she have to be so enigmatic?

“What about your life as a human, Keine said that Youkai remember their human lives.” I asked, wondering if I was asking questions on thin ice.

Yuka sneered, “I left my memories of my humanity behind a long time ago, I don’t want anything to do with that corrupt world.” It doesn’t sound like you have. “Everything that could be wrong, is wrong in that world. I’d love nothing more then to destroy it myself.”

Okay, she’s starting to sound insane, again.

Trying to take things of the subject, slightly, I interrupted, “So, why am I here then? You know well enough I’m from… that world.” I paused, wondering if Yuka would just turn around and hit me after what she was just ranting about.

Instead, she merely looked amused, “Why not?”

I merely sighed before continuing on, “Well then, at least you know what your name was.” For a moment, names ran through my head of what Yuka’s name may have been, presuming she changed it when she became a youkai.

“Haru.” Yuka chirped.

I merely looked puzzled, “Haru?”

“You were just talking about a name.”

“What, that’s my name from the other world, or one you just made up?” I was getting more confused by the minute.

“I made it up, why would I know about something from your world?”

I looked at Yuka for a moment before shrugging my arms; “You have a better idea of things then me.”

“Of course.” Yuka bragged, before reaching and opening the mansion door.

I swear that mansion sneaks up on me.

Following Yuka into the mansion, I wondered about the name she’d just given me. Haru? Can’t say I’m particularly fond of it. Well, as long as it keeps her happy I guess. 
As Yuka played strolled through the mansion, something hit me. Outside, I failed to notice that the gaping hole in the side of the house, which was once my room, had disappeared. I poked my head around the front door and spotted I wasn’t mistaken.

Wow, those fairies work fast.

Walking back in the house, Yuka had already disappeared, so I took the free time to have a look at the new room. The hallway looked unchanged, though I guess the only damage would have been around the doorway, which Yuka obliterated, quite needlessly. At least it stopped Flandre from having a free supper.

I opened the door and was quite surprised to see the room was completely, the same, down to every small detail. Well, that was an anti-climax.

Walking back to the main hall of the mansion I thought how boring the room was, being exactly the same, but after remembering what happened earlier when I looked from something adventurous, I changed my mind. As I was about to turn the corner for the stairs I heard Yuka’s all too familiar voice shouting, “Haaaaaaaaruuuuuuuu ~”

I paused for a moment, “What?” I mimicked Yuka in a sarcastic fashion.

“Come here!” She shouted, still as chirpy sounding.

Following the voice downstairs, slightly nervous at what she had planned. Why do the thoughts of being hurt or killed enter my head whenever Yuka wants something?

I looked around the corner, and as I had gathered, Yuka was standing there, “Look what I got for tomorrow!” Yuka pointed to something blue on the table, which on closer inspection seemed to be a pile of clothes.

”Oh, that’s nice… What’s wrong with your usual outfit?” I questioned cautiously.

Yuka laughed, “No… It’s not for me, it’s for you. ~” Yuka then picked up the clothes and displayed them, revealing a blue suit-like outfit, with the same pattern as Yuka’s. Wow, it’s like an oversized tablecloth. Then I noticed the yellow cravat, similar to the ribbon Yuka wore around her neck. Okay, I’m not wearing that. Nada.

“So, you want me to wear that?” I questioned, frantically.

“What’s wrong, don’t you like it?” Yuka grinned, already knowing I wasn’t exactly keen on the idea, “Why don’t you go and try it on now?”

I quickly replied, “I’m sure it’ll fit perfectly, I’ll just wait until, tomorrow like you said.” Hopefully, I’ll come up with something by then.

Yuka continued to look amused, “If you say so. ~” She turned around, “Time for dinner, anyway.” She continued to speak playfully.

After Yuka walked off, I stared at the clothes and thought about what to do, but no ideas worked, if I burnt them, Yuka would probably burn me in return, so that was a big no. Letting the clothes have the victory for now, I walked off towards the dining room.

Dinner was uneventful, minus the fact I spent more time arguing with the fairy about what I wanted then actually eating. After the 5th time of sending the food back for various reasons, such as it not being cooked, smashed to a pulp and other creative ways of making the food inedible such as heavily overdoing the spices, I started to think, and decided that since the fairies knew my lack of power, and aggression, they were pulling all the pranks and tricks on me since I wasn’t going to blow them to shreds like Yuka would.

Yuka had already long gone before I finally finished, I gave the fairies an evil stare while they laughed, deciding it would be best to give up, I just walked back through the hallway, passing the pile of blue clothes which I also gave an evil stare, before arriving back in the main hall.

It wasn’t that late, according to the clock it was only around 7 o’clock, but it certainly didn’t feel like it, it felt much later in the day. I hung around the main hall but came to the conclusion that since there was nothing else of interest to do, it would probably be best to go to bed, especially with that festival tomorrow.

As I reached the top of the stairs, I noticed the door directly at the top, Yuka’s room was open and from the distance I was, it appeared like it was pitch black with lights shining around it. What the heck? Is there a disco in there or something? Closer to the door, I leaned to the side to see inside the room, surprised that the room wasn’t there, it seemed.

The room just seemed to be a part of space, with the moving lights actually being stars shooting by. What the hell, how can this possibly work? I stood wondering about how it could possibly be used as a room, thinking for a moment there’d be an invisible floor I went to step in the room to test my theory when I noticed, that in the distance were some platforms, which probably means that there isn’t a floor where I was about to step.

Jumping back away from the door, not wanting to test if I’d fall or not, I quickly decided to move on, also for the reason that if Yuka came back and saw me looking in her room, there’d probably be a good chance she’d use it as an excuse to induce pain on me.

With nothing else left to do, expect ponder upon how Yuka’s room seemed to be a part of space, I walked back to my room and opened the door before shouting, “I’m going bed… Good night…” It probably wouldn’t stop Yuka, if she wanted to talk or annoy me, she’d just wake me up anyway.

The first thing I noticed when I walked into the room, is that those accursed clothes had appeared on the chair. It would seem Yuka was quite determined to get me to wear them. So, this means war. Making sure I closed the curtains this time around to prevent any unwanted guests I got into bed with all my clothes on, better then having someone steal them off the table while I slept, leaving me with those things.

Lying in bed I wondered about the events that happened today, this place was still unbelievable, I met a witch and somehow ended up playing hide and seek with two fairies, a bug, a sparrow and a darkness youkai. The weird thing was, that in my heart, I was actually enjoying it, it just felt good, and thinking of that it made me wonder back to what the real world was like.

Corrupt, wrong. If by what Yuka was saying, I definitely wasn’t in a rush to go back there to find out. With a yawn, I decided to leave all my thinking until tomorrow and fell asleep.

I woke up to banging on the door, “Haru, it’s the party today! Get ready!” Oh great, A Yuka wake-up call. Looking at the clock on the wall, which said 6 o’clock, I shut my eyes and went to fall back asleep.

Until the thudding returned, “Hey! I can’t hear you getting ready!” Yuka was back, and louder. Climbing out of bed, I walked over to the door and opened it, revealing Yuka in her pink nightclothes and cap. “Get a move on!”

“How can you moan at me, when you’re not even getting ready!” Noticing the sleeve of my shirt, I added, “At least I’m dressed!”

Yuka grinned, “Go have a bath, you smell.”

Thanks for being blunt, again.

I paused for a few seconds, “Fine, where?”

Yuka kicked the door behind her, before walking away, “Don’t take too long!”

As Yuka walked away, I couldn’t help but ask, “When does this festival start then?”

“12 o’clock.” She laughed before walking away, and into her room, which I had a gut feeling she was going back to sleep.

In the end I decided I’d stay up for the six hours, by the time I got back to sleep it’d be time to wake up again anyway. Following Yuka’s rather harsh advice, I’d start with a bath.

It took me a while to actually find the bath, since it was hidden around a corner for some weird reason, it was surprisingly easy to find the right temperature, and most likely magic was behind it.

After a while in the bath, I heard a door slam, followed by the quiet sound of a fairy flying, a few seconds later, I heard the sound of the door slamming again. Slowly looking, around the corner, the room was empty. “No!” I noticed that my clothes I’d left in a pile had been taken and replaced by those same blue clothes from the night before. She planned this! I can’t believe I underestimated her!

Once I’d finished swearing profusely I went and inspected the clothes, the horrible, oversized, bright yellow cravat was there and looking around, there just happened to coincidently be no other clothes, forcing me to wear it.

Looking in the mirror, it almost looked like I was being drowned by the overflowing cravat, taking the easiest solution I tucked the cravat inside the shirt, which fortunately hid the majority of it, I encouraged myself by saying that if anyone only glanced then they’d think it’s a tie.

Slowly, unhappy but ultimately wearing the outfit, I slowly walked out, being cautious of Yuka or fairies who may have been standing watch, ready to laugh. Fortunately, there wasn’t. 
Just as predicted, Yuka didn’t stir from her room for another 3 hours by which time I had already eaten breakfast, with fewer confrontations with the fairies this time and read the rest of the encyclopedia Akyu gave to me.

When Yuka walked into the study, she was already wearing her trademark red dress and usual attire. She looked at me for a moment before cheerfully stating, “Oh, you decided to wear that then! It looks good! ~”

I muttered under my breath about Yuka planning it all along, but not at the volume so Yuka could hear it. “So, what are you planning for 3 hours?” I asked out of boredom.

Yuka stood and thought for a moment, Don’t say sleep. “Not much, really.” Yuka then continued and sat down on a chair. “Haven’t you finished that book yet? You’ve been reading it enough.”

“In fact, yes. I finished it not long ago.” I said, smugly expecting Yuka to be somewhat surprised.

“I see, well, pass it here.” Yuka reached out for the book, which I gave to her. She began scanning through the pages before stopping on one and reading through it. “I bet I’ve beaten all of these in here.”

“I expected you had, somehow.” I commented.

Yuka grinned, “It’s just annoying how you have to stick to those useless spell card rules, being able to use your full power feels great.” And a lot more violent. I recalled the bloody spectacle that was her fight with Flandre.

Yuka pulled out a collection of cards from her pocket and held them in the air. “These are the accursed things.”

I got out the chair and to walk over and inspect the cards, but Yuka openly passed them to me. The card on top was, unsurprisingly red with that ever-so-familiar pattern that was Yuka’s trademark and in extremely neat black handwriting “Double Spark” was wrote in the centre of the card. Other then that, there wasn’t much else on the card.

“So, how do you use these things then?” I held the card up in the air and said the name trying to cause something to happen, but to no prevail.

“First, you have to use your own spell cards… and then you just do what you do then.” Yuka said simply.

“Oh, how do you get them then?” I asked, wishing I had powers.

“You just use the spell you want while holding an uncharged spell card, that’s it.”

“Oh, that’s… simple.” I drifted off, expecting something a little more difficult. I handed the cards back to Yuka before sitting down again.

The next hour or so involved Yuka bragging about beating all the various entries in the book, though they all seemed to follow the same pattern; Yuka would start a fight, then they’d clash powers, Yuka would overpower them and then she’d blast them away with a Spark. I guess there must be some variety, since Flandre’s fight was slightly different.

I also wondered about how she fared against some of the more powerful beings. I’ve already read that she was beaten by Reimu a few years back, and couldn’t help but wonder how my losses she’d suffered, but I wasn’t surprised about how she never mentioned it once.

The room fell silent for a few minutes before Yuka stood up, “Now what are you doing?”

“Going to the festival, what else?” Yuka sung.

I looked at my pocket watch, “It’s only 10:30, isn’t that a little early?”

“They won’t mind! The Oni has probably already got them in such a state that they won’t notice.”

I got out of the chair and started to walk over to Yuka, “If you say so.”

As Yuka and I paraded out of the mansion, I made sure the accursed cravat was still out of sight before leaving the mansion, in case anyone happened to be there.

The walk was fairly uneventful and silent and as usual I spied Elly at her usual spot, as we walked up she shouted, “Time already?”

Yuka nodded her head causing Elly to reach for her hat and scythe and walked over, “Okay!” She shouted.

“Oh, you’re coming too?” I asked quietly.

“Yep!” She was still shouting, even though she was standing next to me.

“So, what if someone attacks the mansion?”

Laughing, Elly replied, “I doubt it, everyone’ll be partying, and the fairies will attack any unimportant weaklings that would try anything.”

She certainly seems to be in high spirits.

The walk to the portal was a bit less boring, since Elly was a lot more talkative then Yuka, clearly she seemed to be happy about going to the party. Well, every time I’ve seen her, she’s been stuck here, so I guess I would be too.

I ended up telling Elly everything that had happened to me in the last two days, which was heck of a lot for two days.

Once again, we reached the portal where the two other walked in normally while I, as always followed slightly cautiously ending up in the flower field none the less. 
As I expected, the flower field hadn’t changed one bit, not that there was a reason why it would, unless someone was up to a prank but that’s not a good idea due to the owner.

For a change, Yuka was waiting for me, most likely due to the presence of Elly, who was talking non-stop to her. I approached them causing Yuka to look at me for a moment before she ordered, “Let’s head off then.”

As usual, Yuka was walking under the shade of her parasol while Elly just spun the pole of the scythe around in her hand causing the blade to spin around, almost hypnotically, though it may have just been instincts making sure the blade didn’t come anywhere near me.

Soon enough, we left the flower field and were faced with the smaller field of grass standing between the flowers and the forest. Uneventfully we reached the other side apart from a sighting of Cirno and Daiyousei flapping away towards the shrine, playing a game as they travelled. I had best not get involved in another of their games if they’re going to be there.

Putting the thought to the back of my mind, I looked forward to see the forest only a few metres away, for a moment I thought we might have been walking through it until I felt Yuka grab my wrist like last time and dragging me into the air. As I dangled in the air, I noticed that Elly could fly too, not a surprise really, since it seems everyone flies and has powers, apart from me.

Out of the blue, Elly shouted again, “Hey! I can hear music!” Yuka nodded to agree, while I merely looked confused, I couldn’t hear anything. Gliding over the forest, I could see the fight versus Suika as it unfolded in my mind, the bare patch in the forest where Suika uprooted and wielded some trees. Luckily, there seemed to be no attackers this time around.

Finally, a minute or two later I finally heard some music, “Oh, I can hear that music you were talking about now.”

“You only just heard it?” Elly asked.

“Well, I am human after all.” I replied, unhappily.

Elly laughed, “Don’t worry so much! There’s nothing wrong with being a human.”

Only they’re weaker, get eaten; don’t have powers or anything, nothing wrong with that. Does that mean Yuka’s been hearing what I’ve been muttering?

From other directions I could see groups of others flying to the shrine, though they were too far away to distinguish who they were, only that they weren’t just ordinary birds.

I reached for my watch, and checked the time, even though it was barely 11 o’clock, the shrine was getting busy already.

Looks like everyone had the same idea as Yuka, is everyone trying to get good seats or something?

As we approached the shrine, I noticed the silhouette of Aya prowling around the shrine. Hunting for a story even at a party, why am I not surprised?

My thoughts were interrupted by a vaguely familiar voice. “Hello again!” The voice sung cheerfully. Focusing my eyes and looking up, I saw the recognisable figure of Mima standing in front of us. “Still here I see!” She aimed the sentence at me.

“Well, yeah, where else am I going to go? Had you expected Yuka to have incinerated me by now?” I spoke at a much lower volume then Mima.

Mima merely laughed, “Have fun, it’s my party as well, so don’t let that grumpy Miko spoil it!” Mima glided away, towards the next group of travellers heading for the shrine. Well, maybe there’ll be a little variety other then constant drinking then.

It wasn’t much longer that we finally landed in the grounds of the shrine, no matter how great it felt to fly, even if it was more being hanging from someone who could potentially drop you at any moment for a laugh, there was always a feeling for relief, followed by dizziness once you land.

Once I’d finished leaning against one of the trees to get my balance back, I approached Yuka and Elly, who were talking about where to sit. Seeing me approached, Yuka greeted me with, “Weakling.” How friendly, and I believe we’ve already established I’m a human.

I went to complain about the newfound prejudice against me, but decided to give it up, “Have you even decided where we’re sitting yet?”

“In fact, we have, over there, by the shade.” Yuka pointed to the left of the shrine, where a line of trees cast a shadow over part of the grassy area.

“Oh, fair enough.” I politely said before wandering over there, most likely followed by Yuka and Elly. When did they make their minds up?

I dropped myself onto the grass stretched for a while, until I looked up and saw a miniature Oni looking at me. “Hi. ~”

“Hello…” I replied slowly, wondering what may happen next?

“What are you doing down there?” The mini-Suika asked in a high pitch voice.

“Lying down.”

“Why not just get a chair?” The Oni questioned with her squeaky voice.

I looked around, “Really, where are they?”

“We’ll get you one!” A much louder voice said, or rather, a group of voices. Soon enough, a stampede of mini-Suikas had run to the edge of the forest and began tugging on the closest tree, only a few seconds later the tree was completely uprooted and flying in the air, crashing to the ground inches away from Yuka who didn’t even flinch.

“T-thanks, I guess…” I told the first girl quietly.

“No problem!” The group replied in unison, before running off followed by an angry looking Reimu, shouting about not pulling trees out of the ground. This is going to be a long day…

Looking behind me, Elly and Yuka were already sat on the tree, viewing the events around them; dragging myself onto the tree beside them I waited for things to start. 
The shrine just continued to fill and fill, Yuka was more then right with her guess of there being more than fifty and it was getting to the point that the crowd, alongside the tables which had appeared out of nowhere, probably with the help of a certain Oni.

Though the numbers were now getting large, there was little to no interaction with each other, everyone was staying in the groups they arrived in. The furthest anyone had moved was up to the shrine to talk with Reimu, who didn’t look too pleased about being so popular. Though most of the time she was sat in the usual spot, drinking the usual tea doing her usual activity, nothing. The only difference this time was that she was joined by Marisa.

Soon enough, Mima appeared next to Reimu in a small explosion of darkness and shouted to get everyone’s attention, which she didn’t. Obviously noticing the lack of interest she fired a ball of darkness in the sky eclipsing the sun momentarily causing everyone to look what happened. As the darkness faded away, Mima was hovering in its place with a smile.

“Now that I have your attention, I’d like to welcome you all to the Hakurei festival!” Mima shouted happily, causing some talking among the groups.

Mima went on to brag, “I see there’s lots of people here I don’t know, if you don’t know me, I am Mima, and I am the deity of this shrine!”

The groups began talking louder, I couldn’t help but hear comments like, “There’s actually a god?”, “I thought it was one of those godless shrines.”, “I heard Reimu chased the god away so she didn’t have to share donations!”

Mima interrupted, “Yes, yes, there is a Hakurei Deity… Anyway, I dedicate this festival to the shrine as a whole, here’s for a year of prosperity!” Mima rose her voice, while a group of mini-Suikas danced, almost like cheerleaders. Dedicating the festival to the shrine organising it, that’s… odd.

“So, enjoy yourselves today and-“

“Make sure you donate!” The voice of Reimu interrupted.

Mima shook her head and hovered down the Reimu as the Suika crowd shouted, “Party! Party! Go!”

There wasn’t any particular rush or change in activity for a few minutes, but eventually people started to get up and move around, the majority to the shrine where I guessed the food and alcohol was.

I felt quite pleased that I could recognise some of the others and I have ideas on who some others were by their looks matching their descriptions in the book, though there were still plenty I had no clue on their identity.

After a few minutes, the opening rush to the shrine had ended quite peacefully except when Reimu chased a pink haired woman wearing a blue and white kimono away who was carrying several plates full of food, followed by a grey haired girl wearing a green dress who was carrying equally as much food.

After that spectacle, Yuka rose from her seat, followed by Elly and they wandered to the shrine, with me trailing behind them.

One thing I noticed at the shrine, was that a lot of the food was rice and something that looked like curry, but considering the apparent financial state of the shrine, this is probably all they could get.

I didn’t actually know what I was getting, so I just followed what Yuka did until I had a bountiful looking portion of food, as we got to the drinks it came apparent that the only source of drinks was Suika’s purple flask object, inconvenient to say the least since I didn’t really want to end up in a horrible state.

Deciding to just get on with it, I just poured some of the sake into a glass like everyone else and followed Yuka back to where we sat, on the way I spotted Keine and Akyu sitting on the other side of the shrine while Cirno and her mob weren’t too far away from where Elly was already eating, though they probably hadn’t made themselves known due to the presence of Yuka.

The meal itself wasn’t that bad, it had obviously been done many times before, once again confirming my idea about the shrine’s budget. It didn’t match the taste of what you would get from the Kazami mansion, but it did the job. The drink however was a different story.

I fortunately caught the smell of the sake before drinking it, which alone was enough to almost cause me to throw it away; I expected extremely potent poison to have the same scent as this. I stared at the liquid for a minute before deciding to go through it with, it was a party after all. One… Two… Three! For a brief moment, it actually tasted quite good, I wouldn’t have minded drinking more, but then the aftertaste kicked in.

Immediately I started coughing uncontrollably in revulsion, after yet another minute of agony I finally managed to get control back, hearing Yuka ask, “Have you finished?” I noticed the number of spectators watching and laughing at my act. Embarrassed, I sat down next to Yuka and tried to keep a minimal presence.

After a few minutes of sitting in self-induced solitude, I noticed the party was changing slightly, another wave of Suikas stole everyone’s washing up and took it out of sight and soon after people began to move around and actually talk with others. At the same time, three girls dressed exactly the same, the only difference being their hair colour and costume colour stood in front of the shrine holding musical instruments. I guess this is the entertainment.

The girl wearing black with blonde hair seemed to be the leader, holding a violin with a brown haired girl wearing red standing ready behind her with a keyboard which seemed to be hovering due to wings on either side. On the other side with a silver haired girl wearing white holding a trumpet, who started to play music, shortly joined by the other two. Soon enough, the ensemble was filling the festival with bright, slightly addictive music.

There was more movement in the crowds so I took the chance to move around as well, “Mind if I go for a walk?” I quickly asked Yuka.

“Suit yourself.”

I planned to head over to Keine and Akyu first, since I’d get to see a lot on the walk there. On the way, I passed Mima who was drifting from group to group talking; no doubt bragging about her position, alongside her was Marisa also seemed to be doing the same thing as her mentor.

Another bonus to the long walk was being able to match faces to descriptions I had read, for example it was simple to spot the group from Eientei due to the presence of the Moon Rabbits, I took a guess that the woman wearing a red and black dress must be Eirin, due to the nurse’s hat with matched the colour of the dress. Eliminating Eirin, the only other visitor who isn’t a rabbit would be Kaguya, who looked to be stretched out and sleeping. Sleeping, this early into the party?!

Finally, I got to my destination, where Keine greeted me with a wave and invited me to sit down. “So, are you enjoying yourself?”

“Well, things still seems a bit slow and… I can’t say I think much of the drinks.” I replied, with the detestable taste of the sake still present.

“You didn’t drink that horrible Oni sake did you?”

“Yes.”

“No wonder, drinks from Oni all tend to be… strong.” Keine explained.

I looked at Akyu, who to no surprise was observing the events and recording them. I asked, “So, any idea what’s to come today?”

“Well, if everyone went as planned, this is probably all that would happen. However with the introduction of alcohol and the personalities of some of the visitors here today, you can never guess.” Akyu replied.

Keine spoke again, “Yes, these events can be quite unpredictable, different things happen each year so we can’t help you there.”

It was only at that point that I noticed there was someone else with Keine and Akyu, sitting out of sight to keep a low presence like I did. She had long bluish-silver hair tied with a red and white ribbon and wearing a smoky brown shirt mostly covered with extremely baggy red overalls, which matched the colour of her eyes. Keine noticed me looking and answered, “That’s Mokou, if you’re wondering, you might have read about her.” Mokou turned to look at me and raised a hand to greet me.

“Mokou, that’s the outsider I was talking about.”

Mokou turned to look at me again, “Looks scrawny.”

“Well, you were like that once.” Mokou paused for a moment before returning to her drink, which I noticed was that ghastly sake.

I stayed with Keine, Mokou and Akyu for a few more minutes as they helped me identify some more of the guests such as Sikieiki and Komachi, a Yama and her Shinigami who both seemed to have put work behind them to come to the festival. “And that’s very rare, Miss Yamaxanadu is well known for workaholic personality. Komachi must have really put forward a good argument to come.” Keine explained. I thought once again on how surreal Gensokyo is, how even judges of the dead come to festivals alongside rabbits, vampires and god knows what else.

After identifying a few more people, I decided it would be best to move on. After saying goodbye to the everyone I walked the long way around the groups on my way to Yuka, Mima was still going around from group to group, though I found it quite odd that she only have a nod to the Yakumos rather then a full life story she seemed to be giving everyone else, though this was interrupted from someone dropping in front of me.

“Hello!”

Oh god, I recognise that voice.

I froze in terror slightly and looked forward to see the recognisable form of Flandre Scarlet in front of me.

“H-hello, F-Flandre… I see you’re alright now.”

“Yeah, that nasty woman really hurt me.” She spoke with a childish sadness.

Wasn’t it to stop you from killing her, and me at that matter?

“It was fun though, we’ll have to play again sometime!” Flandre shouted cheerfully. Her personality has done a complete 180 since I last saw her.

I paused for a moment, “Well, if I have to play, maybe something not too violent, maybe tag, or hide and seek.”

“Okay! It’s a deal!” Flandre jumped happily until someone shouted her name. Turning to look where it came from, I could only guess it was the other residents of the mansion, Remilia Scarlet being the silver haired vampire who looked similar to Flandre, only slightly more mature and with real looking wings, being the source of the voice. Alongside her was a maid, who I guessed was Sakuya Izayoi, someone reading a book that had to be Patchouli Knowledge and Hong Meirin who I had met before.

As Flandre ran over to her family waving and shouting “Bye!” I let out a sigh of relief at not having to deal with a near-death encounter and continued on.

I also passed by Cirno and her group who were cheering on Mystia who had begun singing along with the music, even though the lyrics she was singing made no sense whatsoever. Still, the rhythm sounded good and it went with the mood of the festival. The only gang member not present was Wriggle, who was sat down by herself, seemingly enjoying herself, until Suika turned up and began talking to her, which instantly made her look uncomfortable.

I sat down next to Yuka again, who looked to be swaying from side to side almost unnoticeably to the music, “So, are you enjoying yourself?” I asked.

“There’s no reason not to be is there, that’s what festivals are for.”

“I guess so.” I paused for a moment thinking of something to say, “So, everyone here, I gather you’ve beat them all?”

“Not quite.”

“Oh?” I was quite surprised at the answer.

”The newcomers over there.” Yuka pointed at a group on the other side of the shrine, though I couldn’t see very well, one had large purple hair and was wearing a red dress with what looked like a large piece of rope behind her. Next to her sat a green haired girl wearing a blue dress similar to Reimu’s, which suggested she was a Miko and the final one was a younger looking girl with long blonde hair, a purple dress and a strange brown hat with what appeared to be eyes on it.

“They’re new here, only the witch and the Miko have actually fought with them yet, I’ll get my chance though.” Yuka spoke with her menacing grin.

“I had a feeling you’d say that.” Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed that Suika was trying to make Wriggle drink from the purple flask despite the complaints from her. Leaving them to it, I turned my head back to Yuka and noticed someone flying overhead.

There were actually two figures high above, one was a short blonde haired girl wearing a blue dress decorated with pink ribbons and a white scarf-like object, also by her were two small humanoid objects, which led me to believe it was Alice Margatroid, someone know for her use of dolls. The other was a woman with silver hair, which ended in a pigtail and wore fairly simple red robes with a pink shirt or similar object under that.

“Who’s that?” I said out loud.

“Oh look, it’s Shinki!” Yuka shouted perkily.

Shinki turned and noticed Yuka and waved before continuing to follow Alice to the shrine. “Well, come on, let’s go meet her!” Yuka ordered before strolling after Shinki.

I turned to see what Elly was doing but she was nowhere to be seen and Wriggle was swaying from side to side alongside Suika who were both trying to sing along with the music, badly, so I just got up and went to meet the goddess of Makai.

By the time I got there, there was already a small crowd; Shinki and Alice were being greeted by Reimu, Marisa, Mima and Yuka. “It’s so been so long since I’ve seen you all!” Shinki shouted excitedly, “Apart from Mima of course, and I see you haven’t taken long to make yourself at home.” Shinki looked around at everyone partying.

Mima laughed, “Well, of course, what else are you to do?”

Reimu added, “You’re the one I have to thank for making HER a god?” Still not pleased about Mima.

The conversation went on, talking about the old times and when they last met, which wasn’t too fun for me, since I had no idea what the hell they were talking about. Eventually they started to begin talking about a reunion fight, however it was quickly stopped by the complaints of Reimu, not wanting her shrine demolished by collateral damage by Shinki

After the disappointment, the others whispered between them, no doubt organising another location for some time.

The party picked up even more at that point, the music seemed to have got louder and people were starting to head to the front, to dance or talk, generally more party like behaviour.

The fact all of the residents of Gensokyo were together, having a good time, whether they be human, youkai even a death god felt somewhat… inspiring, even arch-enemies such as Mokou and Kaguya haven’t torn into each other’s throats yet, nor did Flandre attempt anything violent. I thought that even Yuka had done well, I know how much she wants to fight the newcomers she pointed out, yet had refrained from it.

I was unsure why, but I was enjoying everything, though I hardly knew anyone, everyone felt like friends and there was just a good feeling in the atmosphere, and for once I wanted to stay here and not go-

Home?

Suddenly, a jolt went through my body and the next thing I knew, I was lying on the floor, unable to move. 
Yuka spoke in an embarrassed tone, “What are you doing this time?”

“I wish I knew.” I spoke, surprisingly calm even though I couldn’t move a limb.

“Well hurry up, and get up. You’re making a scene.” Yuka scolded as I could hear laughter in the background, no doubt laughing at me supposedly tripping over.

I struggled for a few seconds, “I can’t.”

“What, why?” Yuka gave me an impatient stare.

“I… don’t know, I can’t move.” Perhaps, you’re dying.

The laughter had calmed down, and had mostly turned into mumbling and whispers.

For a reason I wasn’t sure of, I laughed a little, “You know, I think I’m dying, or going back to my world or whatever.”

Yuka looked at me for a moment before the realisation noticeably hit her, “I… see.”

The volume of the area rose slightly and I could have sworn I heard gasps or sounds of surprise, but I was still alive so I wondered if it was just the sake causing unnecessary reactions, but when I noticed Yuka had closed her eyes slightly, I knew something was up. Mustering all my strength, I rolled my head to the side.

That’s what’s up.

My entire arm was transparent, forcing my head a bit more, I saw it wasn’t limited to that; my entire body was fading, seemingly out of existence.

“Well, this really was short lived.” I spoke out loud, in a sad tone. “I was sort of hoping to spend a bit longer here.” I forced my head so I was facing up again, and noticed there was a crowd building around me, Mima, Marisa, Keine, Cirno, everyone was looking sad at the event, just as though we were all friends.

To me, the situation felt really awkward, “Well, thanks for the party and everyone, shame I have to leave a bit early.” I closed my eyes for a moment, “It’s sure been unforgettable anyway.”

I laughed, “I guess I’ll find out my human name soon enough.” I felt my body twitch again, but with no result. Carelessly, I spoke again, “Don’t let me going effect things, have a good party!” If everyone else was going to be sad, I’d be the cheery one, no matter how shattered I was about leaving.

Suddenly, my mind started to fill with memories, my real life, and the event that got me here in the first place; in fact I felt the same as the incident before. Why is this taking so long? Also without warning I felt a bit of strength that let me climb back onto my feet, but not much else. Looking at my hands, they were fading much more quickly now.

“Well, I guess this is it… Bye, everyone.”

Everyone tried to smile, and said their farewells in various fashions ranging from the childish voices of Cirno and her squad to the much more mature voices of those such as Keine and Mokou.

I turned around to see Yuka who had turned so her back was facing me with her parasol blocking most of her from sight.

I checked my hands again, not long left, “Well, goodbye.” You’ve already said that. “And thanks, Yuka…”

A few seconds after, everything had froze, just like before.

A final few seconds of solitude.

I took the remaining few seconds to look around at everyone. “I’ve only been here for a few days, but they were the best days of my life.” With my memories back, I knew what I had to look forward to back in my world, and I did not want to go. But as time started to return to normal, I knew I had to.

For a few seconds, nothing happened, everything was normal, but suddenly I completely froze and everything I could see started to move away leaving nothing, much like moving a photo away from your eyes.

The final image was of Cirno and her gang and Keine and Akyu waving and trying to look cheerful, with Yuka in the middle, still turned away.

After a painfully long amount of time, the image had moved into complete darkness and I felt another jolt through my body, followed by nothing.

The first thing I heard was beeping. It was quite annoying actually, since it’s just keep going and going.

The sound of technology, I didn’t think I’d be so depressed to hear it.

The noise along assured me I was in a hospital, it would seem whatever accident I was in was enough to have a heart monitor being used, but I guess it’s common sense when someone’s been in a crash and then in a coma for several days.

I was fully conscious, but as before, I felt completely sapped of energy. I began to drift back to my thoughts of Gensokyo when a door’s slam signalled to me that someone had entered the room, whoever it was, they were just walking around, and by the sounds of it, writing things down. Gathering all my depleted strength I managed to open one of my eyes, followed by the other, albeit slowly.

My hunch that it was a nurse was correct, checking the machines to my side, I looked around the room to learn my surroundings drowsily and after a few minutes, the nurse finally realised I was awake, with a jump.

“Oh! G-good morning!” The nurse said, nervously. “How are you feeling?”

I waited for a few seconds before struggling to speak, “I could… be better…”

The nurse nodded, “Okay, well, you’re currently in a hospital, you’ve been in an accident.”

Yes, I know that much. I began to wonder if her tone and personality suggested she was new at this job.

“To be honest, we weren’t expecting you to wake up so early.”

“I got a bit… messed up then?” I questioned cautiously.

The nurse smiled, “Nothing that won’t mend, your head was just hit badly.”

“I see, so how many days has it been since then? 3, maybe 4 days?” I asked, wanting to test my theory.

The nurse looked surprised, “Why, yes. 4 days. What told you that?”

“It’s a long story.”

The nurse looked at me, surprised and confused, “You’ll… have to tell me sometime. But for now, you should really get some rest.”

“Yeah… I think I should.” The nurse left the room shortly after, leaving me to drift back to sleep.

When I was aware I was awake again, I opened my eyes and checked things, I was still in the hospital room to my disappointment. I simply lay in bed for what felt like an eternity waiting for something to happen. This is more boring then standing around in Yuka’s field all day.

Eventually, the nurse from before returned holding a large bag, “Oh, hello again. Feeling any better?”

“A bit.” I replied shortly.

“Well, you’re going to be in this room until you’re discharged, and since you’re awake now, I thought I’d bring you your stuff.” As the nurse reached into bag she added, “You didn’t lose anything in the crash, so don’t worry.”

The nurse began to take things out of the bag and place them beside me, after showing me whatever it is. Mainly they were just clothes, my wallet and keys. Well, that’s everything I had on me, at least nothing was stolen.

“There’s one more thing.” The nurse interrupted my thoughts. “There was one more object in there, it wasn’t registered in any patients records, but there’s no way it could have got in by accident, so one of the other nurses must have just forgotten to record it.”

The nurse reached into her pocket and held her arm out, and put it into my hand, “I find it quite odd really, you tend not to forget about something like that.” I opened my hand when I saw what it was; I was almost paralysed with shock.

An antique silver pocket watch, with a flower engraved on the back. 
As time went by, I became more and more mobile and healthy, but at the same time, more and more depressed. Every time I looked at the watch, it only made me feel worse, and even homesick.

Yuka’s words echoed in my head every time I watched the news, the world was corrupt, the news was dominated by death, wars and misery. No matter where you looked, there just seemed to be nothing good about anything. Not even the others in the hospital seemed friendly, just self-centred and only caring for their own well-being.

No matter what I did, I always ended up comparing it to Gensokyo, and every time, this world came up second. Even though there was supposedly a god, they never made themselves known or seem to care, nor were they listened to, everything just seemed to suggest that the world was in declining. In the back of my mind, the whole situation just made me feel like I’d end up getting killed by someone, but then again, I’m sure Yuka would be no different.

I knew one thing for sure though, was that I hated this world. If the opportunity let itself known, I’d go back to Gensokyo without a second thought. But unless Yukari Yakumo turned up through a gap offering a one-way trip to Gensokyo, there wasn’t much hope.

There’s always one way.

I can’t say I wanted to take that choice though, what if it was all just a dream?

You never have dreams, never mind one as advanced as that.

There was still the chance it was a dream though.

Why have you got that watch then?

I probably just hit my head and forgot I owned it before.

What’s there to lose?

My life.

My mind was a wreck, arguing with itself, do I take the ultimate gamble to go back to Gensokyo?

My mind drifted back, to the thought that had been bothering me. “Youkai are the free souls of those who died in the real world, and ended up here rather then reincarnating. Since the souls are free and immortal, they become youkai.”

But how does one avoid reincarnation? Perhaps one just wishes for it.

And maybe it’ll be easier since I’ve been there before.

As every moment passed, I found myself more and more tempted to go through with it. But how? I didn’t want a painful or slow death, so messing with any of the medicine or anything would be out of the question, as was the use of a knife. A gun would have been handy, but there was no way I was going to get one, especially in a hospital.

What about, falling?

No, I can’t do that… Could I? In theory, it sounded all right, it’s not too long, the mess is completely irrelevant to me and it’ll feel like flying right?

After my decision, I spent a few more days inside the hospital, continuing to think about it, until something made me decide to go ahead with it, thankfully the hospital had a rooftop at a decent height, and it was accessible if you could run fast or be slightly stealthy.

I waited another hour or so, got properly dressed and set off, for the last time.

I can’t believe I’m going through with this.

The journey was pleasantly uneventful, since I didn’t look injured and dressed casually; there wasn’t any suspicion on me and I stepped onto the roof surprisingly easy. They really need better security.

I nervously walked to the edge of the building, the determination from before had dropped slightly, fine, I had got used to flying around with Yuka, but not this high.

It’s worth it, right?

I stood at the end and closed my eyes, enjoying the feeling of the wind blasting me compared to being holed up for the last few days.

“S-Stop, don’t do it!” A voice interrupted the moment of surreal tranquillity. “Please don’t jump!”

I turned to see that it was the nurse from before accompanied by a police officer, who for some absolutely absurd reason was holding a stun gun. Not the best thing for this situation really.

Well, you’ve got yourself in a situation now; either you jump, or probably get locked away in a mental care home since you now look officially insane.

“Move away from the edge and lie down!” The policeman started to bark orders.

I grinned and looked forward, “There’s only one person who has a chance of giving me orders.” I held out my arm in the air like I was used to when flying, and leapt while shouting, “Sorry!” Slightly more cheerful then it should have been.

One thing I was right about, I was used to the sensation of falling, it didn’t feel too bad, until I spun upside down, which I wasn’t enjoying and soon enough it became apparent it was going to be a head-first impact.

Definitely no turning back now. This was the right choice, right?

Finally, the ground was only a few metres away, and this gamble would be over, and then all too familiar, time began to slow down, leaving me upside down and my head barely centimetres away from the floor.

This is really getting annoying now. In my mind, I considered myself a veteran since I’ve experienced death three times in the last week now.

I took my last view of the technological maze that was the city, before the gears of time turned once again and a split second later, my thoughts ended.

…

…

I… I’m alive?

I was once again in the state where I had woken up in an unknown location. This time it didn’t take long for me to open my eyes and to be greeted by the sight of a flower field, with the Kazami mansion looming in the distance.

“I’m… back…”

I put my hands to the ground to push myself up, but noticed for some reason my head was tilted to the side at an unhealthy 90-degree angle. After pushing it slightly it seemed to crack back into place, and everything seemed back to normal.

The next thing I noticed was that my fresh attire I had worn for my leap had disappeared and had been replaced with my forced blue attire.

This time around, I felt surprisingly healthy, and was able to pick myself up fairly quickly, compared to the previous times I was completely sapped of energy. I really must be a youkai now.

Well, there was only one thing left now, I began my walk over to the mansion, which as I expected hasn’t changed a bit, it had only been a few days since I left. I wondered for a moment, how long I’ll be a youkai for, but I blew the thoughts away, I had no intention of anything like that.

It wasn’t long before the door stood in front of me, Well, here goes. I knocked on the door a few times and waited. To my disappointment, there was no response. I knocked the door for longer and louder this time and waited again, once again to no response.

I searched my pockets and looked at the time, it was still morning, so she shouldn’t have gone to the field yet. For the final time, I knocked on the door, even louder and waited. “What the hell do you want?!” A voice growled from the other side of the door before the door started to open. “Have you got a death wish, or… something?” Yuka’s expression turned from furious to confused as she saw me.

“I’ve, come back… I… didn’t like that world, so I thought I’d come back.” I said, awkwardly.

“So I can see.” Yuka smiled, a few seconds went by, “So, what is your name then? You seemed eager to find out.”

I paused for a moment, “… Haru.”

Yuka smiled before stretching out and hugging me, Whoa, a Yuka hug, now that’s a rarity, I wonder if I just hit my head too hard?

I felt a drop of water hit me on the back of the neck and a few seconds later Yuka spoke again, “Oh, looks like rain, come on, let’s go inside.”

As Yuka walked away, I thought to myself, coming back had to be the right choice. 
It’s been a day since I was reborn in Gensokyo, actually, it’s the second time, but that depends on how you viewed my short stay as a human, which was always destined as a temporary thing.

Either way, I’ve already put my death as a human in the past and am looking forward to my new life, as a Youkai.

Waking up, I was greeted by the ceiling, of a green colour with a square pattern, which always reminds me of a tea towel back in the human world. I remained still for a moment, enjoying the comfort of the bed before I forced myself to get out and wobbled over to the window and enjoyed the view outside.

Rather then the usual bustling city, filled with cars, noise and horrible bland colours primarily grey, I was instead greeted by the sight of a giant field of flowers, spanning as far as you could see, it was quite probable that in that field there was a flower of every colour, but I wasn’t going to check.

I grinned to myself at my lack of regrets of having thrown myself off a building the previous day before turning around quickly got changed, even though my life expectancy has been extended by probably more then five times, I didn’t want to waste any of it right now. Seeing people’s reactions at my resurrection was something not to be missed, especially after the reaction of Yuka when she first saw me yesterday.

Wondering outside my room, I walked down the small corridor until I found myself in the main hallway, as from before, the double doors of Yuka’s room were shut, giving no sign to whether she was conscious or not. As I descended the stairway closest to me I wondered if I could actually survive an instance where I annoyed Yuka to the point of violence, but deciding not to scare myself too early into my new life I quickly put the thought away.

I walked under the archway as though by old habits and found myself in the dining room, where as usual one of the fairies fluttered nearby, waiting to be instructed on what I wanted to which I just said, “Anything’ll do.”

I sat down at the table and waited, using the time to think about where to do, and what to do, with the restrictions as a human removed, Gensokyo just became a whole lot better.

I think I’ll head to the village first, Keine will be amusing, and Akyu will probably have already started to write about that party, and me dying, so she’d probably appreciate the update.

Soon enough the same fairy from before arrived, laying down a plate on the table, which contained what looked like fried eggs, and without a second thought I dug into the meal, dying made you surprisingly hungry.

A few minutes into the meal, an all too familiar voice spoke out behind me, “Enjoying yourself?”

Already knowing the owner of the voice, I spoke out, “Yes, I am. It’s better then the junk they gave me in the hospital.”

“I see. But you mean to say you were in there for more then a day? Weakling.” Yuka sneered.

“Hey, they were the ones keeping me in, apparently you get hit by a car and they want to keep you in for a week.” I replied.

“A car?” Yuka sounded puzzled for a second.

I looked at Yuka for a second, and saw her expression was true. “Yeah, don’t you know what they are?”

“I never would have asked if I didn’t.” She sharply said.

But she didn’t even directly ask?!

“I guess they are a little too modern for you.” I knew Yuka was considered an old youkai, so I guessed it was a few hundred years at least and that she wouldn’t care in reading about human technology. “Well, it’s a big metal thing you sit in, and move to places that are far away in, since they can’t fly or anything you tend to get hit by others sometimes… It hurts too, that’s how I got here the first time. I’ll show you one sometime, somehow.”

Yuka sneered again, “Typical, useless humans end up killing each other just moving around.”

Staying silent to admit that point, I spoke after a few seconds. “So, what are you doing today?”

“I should ask you the same.” Yuka replied.

“Well, I was planning on going to the human village for a bit.” I answered.

Yuka grinned, “You’re a youkai now, not a human.”

“Yes, but I’m a good youkai. I don’t try and kill people for fun. Plus I have some friends there who’d probably appreciate knowing I’m back.”

The flower youkai sat silent for a moment, “Suit yourself…” I stood up from the chair I sat at, ready to walk away. “…But I’m going to come along too.” 
“You’re not having anything to eat?” I quickly asked.

“No, I have already, now come on.” Yuka ordered as she began to walk away.

Didn’t take her long to take charge again.

I quickly ran up beside Yuka as she grabbed her parasol from beside the front door, and left. “Any reason you’re coming along with me?” I asked.

“Not particularly.” Yuka said, as she opened her parasol, before she paced down the road, which appeared to be quite short today. “It’s been a while since I’ve been out, and some exercise is always good.”

There was a silence for a moment, before Yuka spoke again, “So, what made you come back?”

“Didn’t I say already?” I answered quickly. “Because I’d rather have risked death to come here, then to linger in that world any longer.”

Yuka laughed slightly, “And I bet you never considered it until I told you that before, maybe I did influence you after all.”

“Also, the news of the state of the world didn’t help; it was just greed, murder and crime.” I added.

“Humans have always been like that, even back… when I was one.” Yuka spoke, with a recognizable trace of hatred.

Whoa, she just mentioned her past.

I took a chance at asking Yuka a question, “Your life, as a human, what happened? What were things like?”

Yuka just grinned slightly, “Now, now, there’s plenty of time in the future to talk about that.”

Damn it, she sidestepped the question.

At that point, I noticed we were walking by Elly’s house, which seems inactive, as it usually was. “Looks like she’s asleep again.” I thought out loud.

“She usually is.” Yuka answered, without any trace of negativity in it.

Doesn’t she even care?

Eventually, without many more words spoken, we arrived at the shimmering portal, showing a distorted view of the world outside, as usual, the flower field.

As usual, I waited for Yuka to step through first, before entering myself, and as my eyes readjusted, I was greeted by the familiar site of an ocean of sunflowers.

“Ah, back in the real Gensokyo.” I quietly mumbled to myself.

I quickly looked around, to make sure everything was the same, not that I had expected it to change at all.

As usual, Yuka had already marched away, towards the village, so after a final check to see if I could spot anything, I once again caught up to her and walked beside her.

I swear she must speed up when I’m not looking.

“So, Yuka, how long have you been a youkai?” I asked out of the blue, as we approached the village.

Yuka looked at me for a few seconds, “I told you, there’s plenty of time for you to find out.”

As I groaned in disappointment, I noticed a few of the villagers had noticed us, or rather Yuka, and were behaving apprehensively. They probably weren’t too bothered about me, since as far as they knew, I was still a human. Yuka didn’t seem to react to it, she just continued on with her usual smile.

It wasn’t much longer after we entered the village, that I noticed the distinguishable hat of Keine Kamashirasawa, who was stood beside a building, waving to children who were leaving it.

So, that must be where she teaches History.

Turning around, I saw Yuka has taken an interest in one of the shops near her, much to the owner’s dismay. “I’m going to go and talk to Keine.”

Browsing through various items, Yuka replied, “Okay, I’ll come find you.”

With a grin, and hastily crept up the road as Keine was facing the other way and once I was a few metres away, I spoke out casually, “Good morning Keine.”

Keine spoke cheerfully as she turned around, “Oh, hello! I’ve not seen you for a few-“ Suddenly her expression changed to something priceless. “Wha-what? But how, didn’t you? I saw you… die…”

“I did die, and then I spent a few days in the human world before I… decided I’d rather live in Gensokyo.” I explained quickly.

Keine looked at me cynically, “You mean you killed yourself?”

“Well, it was a case of either jumping off the building voluntarily or being locked up for being mentally insane, I’d say.” I laughed, not mentioning the fact I got into the situation with full intention for suicide.

Without warning, Keine hit me on the top of my head. “You shouldn’t be so stupid with your life! What if you didn’t come back here, it would have been a complete waste!” Keine looked at me, with a look that actually gave the impression of an annoyed teacher, before the expression settled back to its usual, gentle look, “Still, it’s good to see you again, and I’m sure Akyu will be pleased to see you.”

“I’ll have to give her a visit; I don’t want people thinking I’m a ghost or anything.” I noted to myself out loud.

Keine spoke out, interrupting my thoughts, “We can go now if you wish, I’ve not got anything else to do today.”

“Oh, alright then. Let’s go now.”

“Will she care if you’re going away somewhere?” Keine asked quietly, slightly motioning towards Yuka.

I grinned and shook my head, “I doubt it, the fact I’m back here is enough to please her at the moment.

“I see, well, come on then. Let’s go.” Keine said, as she held her arm out to signal I should start walking. 
The walk to Akyu’s residence was short, and fairly quiet, I had a feeling that Keine wasn’t bothering to ask any questions at least until I got to Akyu’s, since she’d probably want to hear the same things anyway.

Soon enough, we stood in front of the large building that was the Hieda residence, which Keine walked up to and opened the front door, and waited for me to go in before following me in.

Without warning, Keine shouted out behind, “Akyu? Are you home?”

I should think so… The door was unlocked. Well, unless they leave the library section unlocked.

“Yes.” Akyu’s voice shouted, distinctly weaker then Keine’s. “I’ve got a surprise, Keine!”

Keine grinned at me, “Is that so? Well, as a matter of fact, I have a surprise too, and I bet mine is more surprising!”

Akyu shouted back, “Okay then, we’ll see! Come on in!”

Keine walked over to the doorway and stood in it, “Okay, you go first.”

I walked over to the doorway, so I could better hear Akyu. “I’ve finished writing this book! Everything we know about Mima since her first records which go all the way back to the start of Gensokyo.”

“That’s quite a long time.” Keine spoke out. “And it took you… four days to write all that?”

“I believe so, I started gathering the information when she was sighted again, and mainly started after her party, so it’s quite the record for me!” Akyu sounded quite overjoyed at her book wrote in record time. “So, anyway, what’s your surprise?”

Keine moved out of the doorway slightly and waved her arm to signal me over, to which I responded to and walked into the doorway and spoke out.

“Hello, Akyu.” I spoke with a grin.

Akyu looked at me with wide eyes, before looking at Keine, and then back at me. After a few seconds, her expression returned to normal. “I see… that is quite a surprise. Well, come in, come in.”

Following Akyu’s request, I entered the room, followed by Keine was sat down at the table she was at. “I take it; you’re not a human any more.” She asked as I sat down.

“That’s right.” I replied.

I noticed that Akyu instinctively pulled some paper and a pen towards her, obviously wanting to record some information.

“I must admit, I wasn’t expecting to see you again, at least in this lifetime. You must not have liked the human world much?” Akyu inquired, before beginning to chew the end of her pen.

I laughed slightly and nodded, “Exactly right, well, to put it extremely short, I stayed there for a few days, and then threw myself off a building, next thing I know, I’m awake back in the gardens of the Kazami Mansion.”

“And you were fortunate enough to come back here, you’re very lucky indeed.” Keine quietly added.

“So yes, I got here sometime yesterday and mostly slept and so here I am now.”

Akyu, who was already writing looked up, “Is the human world really that bad now? To make you voluntarily lose your life to escape it.”

“For a chance of coming back here it was, and I have no regrets.” I answered.

“Miss Kazami must have been really happy to see you as well.” Akyu smiled.

I shrugged slightly, “She seemed quite pleased, probably because she has someone to boss around again now.”

“Well, she was certainly gloomy after you… disappeared, I even got to speak with her when she dropped your book back here… and that doesn’t occur everyday.”

Akyu continued to write things down on the paper, mumbling as she wrote, “Powers, unknown, threat level low.”

Oh yes, I wonder what powers I’ll get? Hopefully something that isn’t useless.

“Oh, of course!” Akyu spoke out loud, “I forgot the most important thing!”

I spoke, slightly puzzled, “What?”

“Your name!” Akyu almost shouted.

“Oh, of course!” I said, feeling a little foolish.

I didn’t ever tell them my name, did I? I was only named after I met Akyu.

“It’s Haru.” I spoke out, thinking back to when I was received the name, and wasn’t too fond of it.

Keine interrupted, “That name isn’t what I really expected.”

“Well, it’s not my human name, that’s in the past, Yuka gave me this name when I was here before, and I think it’s better to use this one here.”

“Okay, I see.” Akyu mumbled, as she wrote the name down. “There, that’s as much as I can do for now, while you’ve still got to learn your powers and all that stuff, I can’t write much more for now.”

“Okay… But I didn’t come around to get an article wrote about me or anything, I just came to say hello, and say that I’m… not dead.” I said quietly.

Akyu laughed, “Yes, I know, it’s just routine that I do this.” Akyu laughed with a big grin. “Well, make yourself at home. Help yourself to a book, maybe read my newest one!” She smiled, pushing the book she showed to Keine forward.

“I’ll go and get some tea, I’m sure Yuka will know you’re here. You came here with her, yes?” Akyu turned around as she was walking away.

“Yeah, she’s around.” I said as I picked up the book.

I opened the book and began reading about the history of the new Deity of the Hakurei Shrine, Mima, who I’d met briefly on a few occasions, she actually had a really horrible life, no wonder she was evil at one point.

Akyu returned with tea for the three of us, and time passed as we read, and discussed about youkai and life in Gensokyo. 
A couple of hours passed, at Akyu’s house, when the sound of the door slamming interrupted the silence.

Bet I know who this is.

A few seconds later, the recognisable red and green of Yuka walked around the corner, causing Keine to suddenly tense.

“Oh, good afternoon Miss Kazami!” Akyu spoke cheerfully, without a hint of fear in her voice.

“Hello, there.” Yuka spoke, equally cheerfully, before walking in uninvited and sitting down near me.

“You’re a bit later then I thought you’d be, didn’t you just go to look in some shops?” I asked her.

Yuka sneered, “That I did, however then, there were some youkai who needed teaching a lesson, seems they’ve got overconfident in the week or so I hadn’t beat them.”

Keine gave a cold stare at Yuka, who was too busy laughing at herself to notice, or care.

While Yuka sat amused, I gave out a long yawn. “Oh… sorry, not saying your boring or anything Akyu, I just suddenly felt tired.” I laughed awkwardly.

“It’s no surprise really.” Akyu plainly stated.

“Really?” I quietly asked.

“Of course, you should remember that were only ‘born’ today, you haven’t completely adapted to a youkai yet, and that’s going to take its toll on your body.”

I groaned slightly, “What? I was planning on seeing loads of other people by the end of the day.”

“At least you’ll have something to look forward to tomorrow.” Keine added.

“You mean you want to go to bed already?” Yuka spoke out, cynically.

I replied with another yawn, “I guess so, yeah.”

Rolling her eyes, and with a sigh she stood up, “Come on then, let’s go.” Before she marched out the door, mumbling a goodbye to the two others in the room.

Jumping up, I quickly apologized for my abrupt exit and then bid farewell to Akyu and Keine who replied much the same before quickly walking out to find Yuka, who was stood outside and started walking away when she saw me coming.

Walking at a pace where I eventually caught up to her, I asked her, “So, what powers do you think I’ll get?”

Raising an eyebrow she looked at me, “How the hell am I meant to know? I might be able to do a lot, but I can’t see into the future.”

“Well, you like flowers, and you got your powers to manipulate them, so there must be a pattern or something?” I kept pressing the matter.

Yuka shook her head, “Coincidence.”

“Oh, really?” I asked quietly, not entirely believing her.

“Yes. So you’re just going to have to wait and find out.” Yuka spoke, to end that topic.

Yuka and I continued to walk out of the village, and down the slight slope to reach the flower field, busy in my thoughts wondering about powers and flying, I was rudely interrupted by a slightly high-pitched voice I knew I’d heard before.

“What the heck? What are you doing here!?” The person cried, before there was a flash, blinding me for a moment, and as I began to see again, someone was standing in front of me. “Are you for real?!” The girl cried again, before looking down at her camera.

“Hello, Aya.” I spoke with a slightly irritated tone, mainly due to the point-blank camera flash I just received.

“So, you’re real? Or did Yuka here magically make a clone out of loneliness?” Aya devilishly grinned, before clumsily falling backwards to dodge a lunge by Yuka.

Aya looked at me again, “So you must be the real deal.” Aya quickly reached into her pocket and pulled out a pen and paper. “So, wanna tell me how you did it?”

Another yawn escaped me, followed by my reply, “I’d like to, but, I’m honestly too tired to do anything, and I’ve told the story too many times today, I think.”

Aya looked a little disappointed, “Is that it? I see.”

“But, if you come around tomorrow, I’ll tell you about it then.” I quickly added.

Aya’s look of disappointment switched to the opposite, “Alright then! I’ll come around after my deliveries! See you tomorrow!” And without another word she took into the sky at an unreal speed, and flew out of sight in a matter of seconds.

Looking down from the sky, I noticed Yuka was gone again, and to no surprise, she was once again walking ahead. As usual, I ran down after her, “Do you always have to leave me behind?” I asked behind her.

“It’s your fault for being too slow, you should pay more attention.” She replied smugly before she continued her silent march through the flower field and into the portal.

Pausing before I followed her, I looked towards the eye-catching Scarlet Mansion on the lake, and noticed Cirno and Daiyousei playing by the side of the lake. I thought about whether to go and say hello to them or not, but my mind was made by another yawn and a feeling of drowsiness. “Maybe, tomorrow.” I said to myself as I quietly entered the portal.

As I got through the portal, I noticed the walk to the mansion looked quite short this time, probably Yuka’s way of being helpful, regardless, she’d done her usual trick of disappearing ahead, and was already at the door of the mansion, entering it.

My walk was a lot slower though I was quite amused to see that Elly had got to her guard post; however that hadn’t stopped her setting up a sun chair and falling asleep on that.

Walking to the mansion, my mind began to drift back to the human world, and what it was like there, mostly regarding my death and what would have happened as a result. No doubt there’d have been a futile effort to bring me back to life, followed by the media, and then the emergency services, eventually it’d just be another death amongst hundreds of others. Maybe the hospital might have got better security as a result; it really was easy to sneak up on the roof after all.

I looked up to the large mansion in front of me, my new home, it didn’t matter if the other habitant was a renowned violent youkai who enjoyed genocide, it was better then the other world where society forced you to be the same and follow the same rules.

The thoughts I had just pondered didn’t really help with my effort to stay conscious so I quickly entered through the door, where Yuka was at the top of one of the stairways. “You took your time.” She spoke with a grin, “It’s nearly time for dinner, be ready.”

I yawned once more, “You know, I’m gonna pass on it tonight, I’m just gonna head to bed now.”

Yuka sneered, “Suit yourself. Weakling.”

“Oh, come on, I’ve been alive for a day yet, cut me some slack.” I groaned.

“My beginning was much tougher then yours, I didn’t get a free place to stay thrown at me.” Yuka continued to grin creepily.

“What did you have to do then?”

“I thought I already told you that I’d tell you another time.” She mocked.

“Oh forget get.” I moaned, as I walked up the opposite stairway, and took the corner to get to my room.

Walking into my room, it didn’t take me long to just collapse on my bed face first, and not really care, since a few seconds later, I was asleep.

…

…

When I opened my eyes, I was surprised by the sight I saw, or rather, the lack of anything.

Just white, everywhere, or maybe just a bright light? I couldn’t tell, but there was nothing, not even the bed I remembered falling on.

Slowly, I got up, and walked in a random direction, until for some reason, a mirror stood in front of me, facing at an odd angle. Walking over to it, I stood in front of it to see myself when the ground shook, and the next thing I knew, I was back in the mansion.

“What the hell was all that about?” I mumbled to myself

Just like in the ‘dream’ before, I slowly climbed out of bed, and got opened the wardrobe, to my surprise I saw many more of the same clothes I was wearing.

“Is that why it seems like everyone wears the same thing? They just have hundreds of the same costume?” I mumbled to myself, before changing.

Dozily, I wondered over the mirror, being cautious in case any stray earthquakes may occur at coincidently the same time.

When I looked in the mirror, I shook, but it wasn’t due to any tectonic movements, it was myself, jumping in surprise. My once brown eyes had turned a much more typically youkai red, while my brownish-black hair has brightened to a more blonde-ish colour.

“This is a result of being a youkai?” I asked myself, confused. “Why blonde? How random… Still, least it’s not pink or anything.” Quickly thinking, blonde was actually quite a regular colour in Gensokyo, so I wasn’t too unique there, nor with the eye colour.

After I’d finally managed to get over the change, I hastily moved outside the room to surprise Yuka.

Walking down the stairs, I look for a sign of Yuka. A quick look in the lobby found nothing, nor did she seem to be in the dining area, but by luck, I heard her humming to herself, the noise coming from the library area.

Walking down there, I noticed Yuka was reading a book, which figured, since she was in a room full of books.

“Hey Yuka, look, my hair’s changed colour! Eyes too!” I shouted, catching her attention.

“So it would seem.” She spoke before returning to her book.

“That it?” I asked.

Yuka raised an eyebrow, “Yes, what were you expecting?”

“Well, some surprise really.” I muttered.

“Nope, having your appearance change is nothing big.” Yuka spoke.

“Oh, alright.” I spoke, “Well, I’m just gonna go and get some breakfast.”

“Suit yourself.” The flower youkai spoke.

I began to walk away, before finally adding, “Oh, do you think I have some pow-“

“I have no idea, stop asking me.” Yuka interrupted.

With that, I just continued walking on, with the intent of getting some food. 
Breakfast passed as normal, well, as normal as breakfast can be, when fairies are the ones cooking the food. Sometimes I wondered how, or why the fairies stayed here, they obviously showed some fear towards Yuka, and so unless they were part of Yuka’s dream as well, I don’t really know why they don’t just take off and run away. Regardless, they do stay, and on the bright side, that means less work for me.

Sitting at the table, not planning on doing anything, I noticed something move in the window. Watching closely, I eventually noticed a crow sit in the window for a few seconds, before squawking and flying out.

“Aya…” I said to myself quietly, “Oh yeah, I said I’d explain my story.”

Standing up and wondering over to the window, I looked out, but for some reason there was no sign of Aya, or that crow.

“Guess she moved to avoid attracting Yuka’s attention.” I spoke quietly. Following my theory, I headed over to the main lobby, before opening the front door and leaving the mansion.

A gust of wind met me as I opened the door, causing the flowers in the field to sway lightly. Quickly, I looked around for Aya, but there was no sign of her, so the next step was walking outside and shutting the door. Walking to the left, into part of the flowers, I found myself standing in the exact same spot I stood a few days ago, watching the bloodbath that was Yuka fighting off Flandre Scarlet.

“Hello there!” A voice called from above me. Looking up, Aya was stood on the roof of the mansion, before quickly jumping off, and effortlessly landing.

“Sorry for bringing you outside, I’m sure you understand why you did it.” Aya quickly spoke.

“To prevent Yuka from tearing you to pieces?” I grinned.

“Something like that.” She said, rolling her eyes. “So, anyway! Your story!” She spoke eagerly, producing her notebook from her pocket again.

I waited for a moment, “So, what exactly do you want to know?”

“Anything, something worthy of an article, tell me what happened in the real world.” Aya spoke quickly.

“Not that much really. I kinda lay in bed at a hospital for a few days; the news I heard and saw, along with the people I met made me lose faith in mankind, so I leapt off the top of the building for the chance to come back here.” I explained, too familiar with the story.

“Guess you must like this place then.” Aya grinned again.

“Of course, I did kill myself to get here after all.” I replied sarcastically.

“Okay.” Aya grinned menacingly as she quickly wrote everything in her pad. “So, what about your life now? Any plans? I see you’ve changed slightly, got any powers yet?”

I quickly went over the questions in my head, “Plans? Nothing at all. Changes, yeah, I’m sure can tell my hair and eyes changed, and no, I don’t have any powers yet, sadly.” I replied at a speed similar to what the tengu asked me.

“I see… Well, I bet I can write an article out of this.” Aya chirped.

With not that many lies I hope.

“Oh yes, one more thing.” Aya spoke out before reaching into a small bag which hung off her shoulder, and producing a newspaper. “Here’s a… free sample, see what you think, and you can subscribe if you want.” She said pushily.

Slowly, I reached for the newspaper, while thinking of a point that Aya made me think of. I, myself, didn’t have any money. Yuka didn’t seem to have any trouble, with a huge mansion full of various items, but I’d never seen any cash used around Gensokyo. Suddenly, images of Yuka threatening, and beating up random youkai and stealing their money and items with a large sadistic grin entered my head.

Quickly, I just flicked through the pages of the newspapers, catching note of the headlines.

‘Miko seen doing work’

‘Forest damaged by laser experiment’

‘Ice Fairy vs. Frog God, the rematch’

In other words, the news wasn’t all that important, it was mostly gossip. But by chance, I caught sight of the back cover, which for some odd reason was in colour, rather then the standard monochrome. “Huh, why’s this in colour?”

“What’s what in colour?” Aya spoke confused, as her head snapped around to look.

“This back cover.” I answered, as I looked at it, and saw a picture of a weird red bow-like thing, with red eyes.

Where have I seen that before.

“Let me see that!” Aya shouted as she snatched the paper out of my hands. “Who did this?!”

I stood beside Aya, and read what was on the page.

‘Greetings citizens of Gensokyo!

Presenting, a competition of fantastic proportions!

Need to prove a point over a rival? Ashamed of having plans foiled by others? Fed up of being pushed around? Want to prove yourself as the most powerful in Gensokyo?

Take part in the biggest game Gensokyo has ever seen, where the winners get a mystery prize, and of course, bragging rights!

To take part, be at the Hakurei Shrine at 4 o’clock this afternoon!

Yakumo Inc.

P.S. Thank you to our sponsors Bunbunmaru news for printing and distributing this message!

“Yukari, again… How dare her! Using Bunbunmaru for her games, she could have at least told me!” Aya shouted. “I swear, if I catch her, I’ll teach her a lesson, boundaries or not!”

I doubt you could beat someone like Yukari, despite your anger.

Aya groaned, “I’m sorry, but I’ve got to get to the bottom of this. I’ll see you another time about your subscription!” The tengu called as she leapt into the sky.

As she flew away, I laughed quietly at her anger, before turning around to go back in the mansion, when I jumped back in shock to see Yuka standing there, who was also grinning.

Taking amusement in other people’s distress as usual. I thought, despite me doing the same just before.

“So, did you enjoy your ‘secret meeting’?” She said mockingly.

“Oh yes, lots of fun.” I replied sarcastically.

Yuka tried to look at the paper I was holding, “So, what’s this I heard about Yukari?”

“Oh, just some prank of hers or something, she said she’s holding a competition.” I replied, handing her the paper, who took it and began reading it.

A few seconds later, Yuka spoke, “I see… Well, we should head there later then.”

“What?! Really? Why would you want to do that.” I asked, surprised at her reaction to the article.

Yuka grinned devilishly, “Of course, a chance to best Yukari isn’t something to be missed.”

By the tone of her voice, it sounded like she wanted to go to beat up Yukari, rather then actually take part in what was happening.

“But 4 o’clock is quite a while away, surely we’re not going now?” I asked. “Maybe I could try and get my powers, or fly, or something.” I quietly added.

“Alright, that’s it.” Yuka said sharply.

Oh crap.

Yuka began to march into the flower field, “Come on. If you’re gonna bother me so much about it, then we’ll try and get your powers, with my methods.”

As Yuka marched off, I hit myself in my mind for opening my mouth, and tried to shake off the looming feeling that her methods involved pain, and unfairness, and more pain. 
“Come on!” Yuka shouted, when she noticed around, and noticed me standing still.

Slowly, I began to walk over to Yuka, apprehensive about what was about to happen.

“What do you want to try first? Flying, or your power?” Yuka spoke quickly.

I hesitated for a moment, “Uh, it’s alright, we’ll do it another time.”

“You can’t decide? I will then…” Yuka interrupted, “Flying then.”

Oh god.

Yuka turned sideways and thought for a moment, “Now, I would say that… desperation would be a good catalyst, no?” Yuka grinned at me.

“I think I’ll pass.” I quickly spoke.

Yuka began laughing to herself quietly, as I backed off.

Ah hell.

Turning around, I found myself face to face with an oversized flower, spinning viciously in the air.

You’ve gotta be kidding.

“Er, you’re not really going to attack me with that, are you, Yuka?” I spoke, hesitantly.

Yuka’s grin just turned menacing, “I’d start flying if I were you.”

Quickly, I closed my eyes, and tried to concentrate on flying, taking off from the ground, trying to tap into some source of energy I never knew of. But it didn’t work at all, all it did was make me open my eyes, and see the flower moving towards me.

Urk.

Relying on my natural reaction, I turned in the other direction and ran away from it, occasionally trying to trigger a way to fly.

Yuka’s slightly psychotic laughing rung behind me, “That’s not right, I said fly! Not run!”

Spinning around as I run, I noticed the sunflower had obtained quite a lot of acceleration.

Run faster, run faster!

Unfortunately, so did the flower, gaining more and more speed as I ran faster. With the flower only a few metres away, I closed my eyes and concentrated hard, determined to fly and leapt as high as I could.

But that didn’t work, landing awkwardly on the floor I looked up to see the flower before I felt an impact and blacked out immediately.

…

…

…

As I began to notice myself thinking again, my mind thought of the events that just passed.

Oh yeah, that flower.

As I lay there, I felt the wind blowing against me; obviously I was still in the field.

Feels quite nostalgic, hopefully I don’t get kicked this time.

Fortunately, it didn’t take long for me to force open my eyes revealing a blue sky, and a few flowers swaying around me. Sitting up, I noticed I hadn’t been moved an inch from where I fell, and there was no sign of Yuka either.

“Oh great, she just about killed me, and then left me for dead.” I mumbled. “How nice of her.”

My muttering was interrupted by the sound of someone clearing their throat behind me.

Oh hell.

Yuka laughed again, “You really are a weakling.”

“I think we established that a while ago.” I spoke quietly, rubbing my head having noticed a headache.

“It only took one flower to knock you out cold… for two hours.” Yuka grinned, obviously enjoying the torment.

I paused for a moment, “I didn’t fly by any chance, and just don’t remember, did I?”

“The only flying you did was from the impact of that flower smashing into you.” The flower youkai spoke, as she lightly kicked my arm, which did little but fall back without much feeling.

I waited a moment, before the realisation hit me, “What the hell! You broke my arm?!” In my head, I went over that sentence and how odd it sounded, especially from someone who was human a few days ago.

Yuka’s evil grin continued, “Not my problem. It’ll mend, I’m sure.”

Picking myself up with my other arm, I picked up my limb, broken arm and struggled to tuck it inside my shirt, to act as a very poor, almost useless sling, much to the confusion of Yuka.

“What are you trying to do?” She asked.

“Support my arm, to help it heal faster.” I explained quickly.

Yuka playfully, but powerfully hit my broken arm, “You’re a youkai, you don’t need to do stuff like that. It’ll be fixed in no time!”

Not if you keep hitting it like that.

Yuka reached into her pocket and pulled out a watch, looked at it for a moment before placing it back. “Now, stop messing around and come on, it’s time to head to the shrine.”

What a successful lesson, no flying, no magic or anything, just a chance to be cannon fodder.

With very little choice, I did nothing but follow her. 
Yuka happily paced away, humming a song to herself, to be expected really, since she has already has her dose of violence for the day, and unfortunately for me, she probably realized that now I’m a youkai, I’m as good a target as anyone else.

As we wondered along the path towards the portal, I tried shaking my arm a little, but it did little but cause a few twinges of pain.

Using the lesson I learnt earlier, I decided not to open my mouth again in case Yuka decided to use it as a reason to inflict pain on me.

Instead of talking, I spend the trip from the portal to towards the shrine thinking of the events ahead. Aya won’t have done an article and passed it around in the few hours that had progressed since our meeting, and something told me that Yuka wasn’t the only one interested in that competition, especially since the article seemed to be written to stab at the majority of residents in Gensokyo. Images of the shrine during the party entered my mind as the amount of people that would be there. Hopefully, Aya would be there, and I could make her do a live report, or something along those lines, since I really didn’t want to have to explain my story yet again.

Soon enough, I noticed the scenery ahead looked darker, and after focusing my eyes, I realized we had reached the forest blocking the shrine from the field.

Oh yes, this place again, well, I haven’t got a choice but to ask Yuka for a lift again.

“Yuka, before you take off like you do, remember, I’m gonna need a lift.”

Yuka just looked around at me, and snatched my arm and took off immediately without a word.

Least that went alright.

As we flew over the forest, I recognised the site where Yuka and Suika battled each other, mainly due to the patch of forest missing trees, it didn’t feel like it was less then a week ago, but it was.

As my mind ran the events of the fight in my mind, Yuka spoke with a strange tone again, “Attempt number two.”

What?

I thought for a moment.

Oh damn!

Less then a second later, Yuka released my hand, allowing gravity to do its work. “What the hell are you doing?!” I futilely shouted as I fell to the ground.

I knew she’d use me as stress relief, not that she has anything to be stressed about.

Now, come on! Prove her wrong! Fly!

Unfortunately, to the repeat of earlier, any abilities that may have lay dormant in me, was still insistent on not waking up, and a few seconds later, much to, I guess, Yuka’s amusement, I hit the ground, ironically, on the same arm that suffered the impact the previous time, and this time, I didn’t even have the joy of blacking out.

Shouting in pain for a moment, I rolled over onto my good arm to try and relieve the pain a little but to little effect; after all, I’d just been dropped 20 metres to the ground.

As expected, I heard Yuka drop down behind me, giggling to herself, “Oh dear, looks like it didn’t work again.”

I coughed, as a result of getting winded from the drop, “O-obviously.”

Yuka hummed airily, “Better luck next time.” She spoke quickly, before grabbing my arm and dragging me into the air.

At that point, I noticed she was holding my bad arm, causing more pain to flare through my arm. “G-grab my other arm instead, damn it.” I hissed through gritted teeth.

She merely looked at me and gave me a bemused look, before, as I somewhat predicted, dropped me.

I shouted in frustration, “Oh, what the h-“ I was cut short by Yuka actually catching me by my other, non-injured arm.

“You were saying?” Yuka spoke sarcastically.

Rather then answer that question, I left it as a rhetorical one and decided to keep quiet, rather then risk a free-fall trip to the ground again.

“Can we… just head to the shrine now.” I spoke, after a pause.

“What do you think we’re doing?” Yuka replied.

Well, letting me fall to the ground actually.

Deciding to remain silent again and just let myself recover, I let Yuka fly wherever she was heading, which luckily, did appear to be the shrine.

I really can’t wait to fly, especially if everyday without it turns out as painful as this. 
Watching sorrowfully as my twice-broken arm dangled below me I was relieved by finally seeing the sight of the Hakurei Shrine behind a row of trees.

“Déjà vu.” I spoke out loud, noticing the events going on.

“What are you talking about now?” Yuka complained.

“All these people flying towards the shrine, and all the people here already… it’s just like it was a few days ago.” I explained quickly.

Yuka began to slowly swing me, enough to make me start fearing for my safety again, “Stupid, there are always gatherings at the shrine; it’s not just a yearly thing you know.”

I replied quietly again, “Oh, I see.”

Please stop swinging me around now.

Fortunately, Yuka soon stopped, and promptly headed over to the shrine where she dropped me safely to the ground, from where we just walked over to the shrine.

“So, what kind of competition do you think it will be, Yuka?” I asked out the blue.

“Beats me, there’s no telling what things might be when she’s doing things.” She replied, with a tone that suggested experience with events like this.

The swarm of people at the shrine wondered around each other, causing a quite hypnotic swirl of colours. It was impossible to listen in on a single conversation due to the sheer numbers of visitors, and their confusion, until one voice became comprehensible, coming from behind us.

“Good afternoon, Yuka Kazami.” The voice sung.

Turning around, I found myself faced by the Deity of the Hakurei Shrine herself, Mima, who looks slightly confused herself.

“Hello.” Yuka replied, simply.

Mima remained still for a moment, as though she was expecting Yuka to say something else, “So, can you explain why all these people are hanging around my shrine?” She asked with an irritated tone.

“Yukari Yakumo, she said she had set up a competition and that everyone should come here.” I answered for Yuka.

Mima growled to herself quietly, “I should have known.” Turning her back to us, she hovered quietly, “I wonder what she’s up to this time.”

There was another awkward silence, until the goddess spoke out again, “Just to point out I’m not slow or anything, I have noticed you’re back.”

Here we go again.

“I can guess that you must have done something unbelievably stupid to yourself to come back here, I don’t want the details, but welcome back.” Mima spoke mournfully.

The blue-clad deity spun around, smiling, “Sad to think that my first human worshipper died, and during my party! It was quite the mood killer, and it wasn’t until I got that Oni to bring out the heavy stuff that moods got lifted again. I bet they never saw this coming though, especially Miss Kazami here.”

“I was a little surprised, so what?” Yuka added, trying to sound like she was uninterested.

“Well, we should go and see if the Yakumos have decided to show their little event.” Mima said, changing the topic as she began to move.

With Mima floating beside us, the three of us began the final short walk to the main part of the shrine.

“That arm of yours, is that Yuka’s doing?” Mima suddenly questioned.

I paused a moment before I quietly replied, “Oh, this? Yes, it was.”

I’d completely forgotten I had a broken arm.

“Now, now, Yuka, you shouldn’t be so harsh on him just yet, you’ll scare him off.” Mima scolded mockingly.

Yuka sneered, “He’s too scared to.”

“Of what? The dangers of Gensokyo, or your wrath?” Mima replied, laughing.

“The latter, of course.” Yuka answered, laughing as well.

While the two next to me laughed, I just feigned awkward laughter.

Why does it always feel like I might die in the next instance?

That’s what you get for choosing to live with a youkai who kills people for fun, moron.

Standing outside the shrine, I realized that amongst the colours of everyone, I hadn’t seen Reimu, which suggested she didn’t know that this was going on, much like Mima.

Looks like there’ll be more fireworks later. I thought to myself, as I, like everyone else present, waited for Yukari. 
Irritatingly, time passed, and the crowd got more rowdy and impatient waiting for the Gap Youkai’s arrival.

From what I’ve heard about her, I bet she’s doing this on purpose to wind everyone up.

Out of curiosity, I aimed a question at both the Flower Youkai and Spirit-turned-Deity that were next to me. “So, out of interest, how did a violent youkai and a goddess become friends in the first place?”

Mima turned to look at me, “Oh? It was a few years ago now, five or six I think. Demons started roaming around Gensokyo or something like that.”

Something like that?

“Whatever it was, I slept through it, and when I did get to the shrine, Reimu told me to get the person sleeping on the shrine and help Marisa and her find the source, of course, that person turned out to be Miss Kazami here, who was visiting after being beaten by Reimu the year before.” Mima smirked at Yuka.

Yuka argued, “Well, I think if someone attacked you while you were asleep, you’d lose too!”

Mima chuckled to herself, “Whatever, either way, we ventured into a realm called Makai, and that’s where we fought the goddess alongside Reimu and Marisa.”

“Shinki, right?” I interrupted.

Mima nodded, “Ah yes, you met her a few days ago. Well, now you know the link.”

“I see, but, so you were away in Makai from then on, when did you get such a hatred of Yukari? I thought she only started being a nuisance from a few years ago, or so I read anyway.” I questioned.

“She’s been around a long time, longer then I have, probably, and we’ve… crossed paths in the past. Not pleasant occasions.” Mima looked away slightly, obviously not wanting to say too much.

I nodded to her, “I see, well, I won-“

Interrupting me, a voice laughed behind me, “Did someone say my name?” The voice said, before continuing more bone-chilling laughing.

Turning around, I was unsurprised to see Yukari Yakumo there, or rather half of her, protruding from a gap, which I noticed this close up seemed to have red eyes staring from it.

Yukari instantly found herself facing Mima’s staff, which she’d seemingly summoned in an instant. “Explain what the hell you’re up to, now.”

Yukari merely chuckled for a moment, not caring about Mima’s aggression, “I’m sure everyone here would like to know the answer to that, after all, that’s why you’re all here, to find out, what is Yukari Yakumo’s big competition?”

Mima just growled, “Enough, get it over with, and then leave.”

“Why are you being so cold, Mima?” Yukari chuckled again, “You should be pleased I chose your shrine.”

“Get it done with, now.” Mima insisted sharply.

The gap Yukari was riding rose into the air, above the crowd, “Greeting everyone, I’m sure you’re all eager with anticipation for today’s little… game, are you?”

The crowd didn’t do much in the way of replying, except look at each other confused.

“Well, today’s game is very simple. Soon, you’ll have to decide on teams, there’s no limit per se, but the more there are in a team, the worse your prize will be if you win, and of course, you’ll have to share it with everyone else.” The youkai announced, followed by more ominous giggling.

“Each team will be given a riddle, or clue, the answer, or solution will eventually take them to a location where they will find another clue, eventually, they will lead you to where I am, and the first team who arrives, wins the prize!

The crowd talked amongst itself for a while, until Yukari spoke out again, “So, it’s time to choose your team, you have 2 minutes.”

Immediately, the crowd sprung to life, with human and youkai alike flying and running to others. As I watched them, I heard another voice shout behind me, from where Mima and Yuka stood, “Yo, Lady Mima, you’re coming with me!” Obviously, by the ‘Yo’ it could be told that it was Marisa Kirisame.

“I’m sorry Marisa, but I won’t take part, not if it’s her in charge.” Mima replied coldly.

“Oh, come on Lady Mima! It’s only a bit of fun! We’ll win for sure!” Marisa shouted as she dragged Mima away, who did nothing but sigh.

Eventually the crowd because to form into small clusters of pairs, with the exception of the odd trio. Also, strangely enough, there was no sign of Reimu yet.

“Looks like no one’s going to be your partner, Yuka.” I spoke, turning to look at her.

“Don’t be stupid, you will.” She snapped back.

“I will?” I said surprised.

Yuka stared at me, “Yes, you will, you better not have any ideas of teaming with anyone else.”

I quickly shook my head, “No, it’s not that, I just thought I was a little too… weak, to be your teammate.”

Yuka grinned, “Simple, I’m more then capable of making up for your weakness, plus there’s less of a struggle over the prize.”

Taking advantage of my weakness, that’s below the belt.

I replied with the only answer I could without the risk of getting hurt, “…Okay.”

As I finished that sentence, I noticed a small gap appear between Yuka and I, and from it a piece of paper dropped out and slowly fell to the floor, which I quickly picked up.

“What’s it say?” Yuka asked instantly.

Confused, I flipped the paper around, and held it to the sky, “Nothing, its blank…”

“Give me that!” Yuka snapped at me as she snatched it from my hand.

As she looked at it, I looked around at the other teams to see if they’d got blank sheets too, and from the looks of it, they did. One thing that caught my eye was Alice, standing alone, until a red-clad figure snuck up behind her after a minute or so.

“Alice!~” The woman shouted.

Alice physically jumped in fright before turning around to see who it was, as she turned, I saw it was Shinki, the goddess of Makai mentioned earlier.

“Oh, mother, it’s you. What are you doing here?” Alice spoke, slightly breathless.

“I heard there was a contest, so I left Yumeko to her work and came to see what was going on! So, who are you going with?”

Alice turned away, looking rejected, “No one, Marisa went with Mima.”

“Don’t worry! I’ll go with you!” Shinki shouted cheerfully.

Alice looked shocked, and turned away again, “It’s okay, mother, I don’t care about it.”

“Is it… because I embarrass you?” Shinki sounded rejected, just like Alice did previously.

“N-no! Not at all mother!” Alice quickly replied, turning around.

“Well then, we’ll be a team then! Team Makai! How’s that sound?” Shinki quickly returned to her cheerful self.

Defeated by the rejected parent trick, nasty.

Yukari’s voice boomed through the area again, interrupting everything that was going on, “Time’s up! Now, I’m sure you have your paper now, you’ll get your clues when the contest starts, which will be in ten seconds!” Yukari paused for a moment, “I advise you leave quickly.”

Everyone looked at each other, confused by the last comment, which even Yuka looked clueless to.

“5…”

“4…”

“3…”

“2…”

Everyone got ready to leap into the sky, or to run away.

“1…”

“Go!”

As Yukari started the race, she ducked into one of her gaps, and opened another gap, from which Reimu dropped and landed in the middle of the crowd.

“I swear, I am going to kill you Yukari… And you lot, what are you doing at here! Get lost, now!” Reimu screamed, and she reached into her clothing and presented a range of spell cards.

The laughter quickly turned to fear as everyone began to scatter from the shrine, being chased by homing seals and bouncing ying-yang orbs, feeling my arm being grabbed by Yuka I found myself being dragged into the air, away from the shrine.

Looks like this competition has Yuka’s interest more then a fight with Reimu, that’s surprising. I thought as I was dragged away. 
As the screams of pain continues to ring behind me, I decided not to look back, just in case I made eye-contact and found myself being chased by a swarm of amulets.

“So, Yuka. Where are we going?” I quietly asked.

“Be patient will you? I haven’t even looked at the damn paper yet.” Yuka snapped back.

“Oh… right… Well, shouldn’t we take a look before rushing off?” I added quietly once more.

Yuka growled, before slamming the piece of paper into my face, the paper itself wasn’t painful, but the fist Yuka lovingly placed behind it did. “You look at it.” She menacingly commented, as I swayed in the air for a moment.

At that point, I noticed another problem, my arm was broken, and my other arm was held by Yuka.

Complain again, and she’ll drop you again.

After flying with the paper stuck in my face for a few moments, I decided I had no choice but to try something, and to my surprise, my arm moved.

Wow, youkai healing really is quick.

I slowly moved my arm over to my face, as it moved, my arm hurt intensely, but that was to expected, considered it was broken what feels like half an hour ago. Grabbing the piece of paper, I let my arm drop down, making sure not to drop it unless I wanted to face the wrath of Yuka.

Gathering strength again, I pulled my arm back up, to look at the text on it, ‘Go and red a book.’

“What the hell…?” I spoke out loud, catching Yuka’s attention.

Yuka looked at me, “What’s wrong now?”

“Go and red a book. That’s what the clue says.” I answered.

“You mean, Go and read a book?” Yuka looked at me cynically.

I shook my head, “No, I mean, Go and red a book. That’s what it says.” I insisted.

“Pass that here!” Yuka snapped again, as she snatched the paper from my hand.

“Go and red a book…” Yuka thought out loud, “Well done Haru, you can read.”

Thanks for patronising me.

“Is it just a spelling mistake though?” I asked.

Yuka swung me slightly, “Don’t be stupid, she’s not going to do something as stupid as a spelling error.”

I thought for a moment, “I’ve only been to two places with a decent amount of books, your mansion, and Akyu’s house, but ther-”

“There’s nothing red about them though.” Yuka interrupted.

“Yes, thanks for letting me finish.” I mumbled.

“Did you say something?” Yuka glanced at me.

“What? No.” I answered, looking away.

Yuka went quiet for a moment, and just continued flying.

Just wait; it’ll be freefall time soon.

“The clue’s key point is obviously ‘Red’ and there’s only one thing in Gensokyo that can mean that.”

“Scarlet.” I said out loud.

“Well done, you might be of some use after all.” Yuka grinned evilly at me.

What’s made her decide to play bully today? Oh wait; it’s Yuka.

I thought back to the book I borrowed off Akyu, there was a library in the mansion, quite a big one apparently. A youkai named Patchouli Knowledge was known to practically live in there too, hopefully we wouldn’t have to stay in the library long enough to encounter her in a bad mood.

Looking around, I noticed that the crowd was dispersing in all sorts of directions, which didn’t make sense even if Reimu was chasing them.

“I guess everyone must have got different starting clues, at least that doesn’t make it a huge game of follow the leader.” I commented out loud.

The scenery soon changed as we glided across Gensokyo, from the dark, unwelcome forest, to the bright, cheerful field of which I was familiar, from that, we flew over a large, pleasantly blue lake, where I first met Cirno before finally approaching the mansion.

“So, this is the Scarlet Devil Mansion…” I said to myself.

The mansion itself was quite what you expect from a haunted house, old-fashioned, but just generally creepy looking, however, those thoughts were banished when you remembered the mansion was coloured entirely scarlet, which just made it odd.

Soon enough, we finished crossing the lake, and landed safely on the island, we were took the final, short walk to reach the mansion, a home to vampires, time-stopping maids and god knows what else.
As we approached the giant red residence, a figure started to approach us. As the figure got closer, it became more and more obvious who it was, strange green Chinese dress, green beret with a star taking the front, and long red hair which trailed down to her back. It was the woman who talked to us on the night that Flandre attacked. Having read the Gensokyo Chronicle, I took a guess that it was Hong Meiling, the gate-guard of the mansion.

As she stood in front of us, her expression could be seen, and matched exactly to when we last met, uneasy and worried, and I believe I know what, or who was causing it.

“H-hello there, if you’re here to see the mistress, she’s currently out. Please come back later.” She stuttered.

Before Yuka could say something, I quickly spoke, “We were wondering if we could go into the library. There’s something we need to check, please.”

Meiling quickly spoke under her voice, “She can’t be trying to hunt Patchy down now can she? Poor Patchy…” Looking directly at me, she spoke, “Sorry, but, I can’t let you go in if Miss Scarlet isn’t here.”

“Well, as you probably know, Flandre attacked me, and nearly killed me, so if you let me in, we’ll call it even.” I replied with a grin.

Meiling looked puzzled, “That’s a strange favour, but, I guess I can let you in.”

“Ah, thanks!” I shouted.

“On one condition.” Meiling gravely added.

I looked back at the guard, “What?”

Please don’t be a blood toll or something.

“I-I-I-I’m afraid M-Miss Yuka cannot go in. Someone might get h-hurt or the mansion might b-be trashed.” Meiling spoke, shaking almost.

“Can’t you make an exception this once? I promise I won't let her do anything wrong.” I pleaded.

Yuka laughed, “Oh will you? I’d like to see you try.”

Crap.

“No, no, it’s alright Haru. You go alone.” Yuka spoke, a little more seriously.”

“W-what?” I spoke, sounding a little more surprised then I should have.

“Go on alone; I’m sure you’ll find it. Meanwhile, I think I’ll help train this gate-guard to be stronger.” Yuka grinning menacingly, before looking at Meiling.

“Eh?!” Meiling shouted in fright.

As Yuka leapt at the youkai, I quickly got out of the way, opened the gate and ran to the mansion, just in case there were any stray danmaku.

Fortunately the door was unlocked, so I quickly entered and closed the door behind me, followed by the sound of one of Yuka’s lasers blasting something.

As I examined the mansion I was surprised by the size of it, it looked a lot more spacious then what it did outside. At that moment, another thought hit me, ‘Where’s the library?’

Obviously, Meiling wouldn’t be able to tell me in her current situation, so I just walked forwards, observing the mansion. It was spotlessly clean, almost perfect, with a very regal décor that reminded me of castles and mansions I visited back in the Human World.

I was looking at an old looking painting of someone fishing off a bridge when I noticed something move in the corner of my eye, quickly turning to look at it, I found myself looking at a fairy, who casually flew out of a doorway, looked at me, and then continued to its own business.

Looks like it’s not so bothered about me being here.

“Excuse me, Miss… Fairy...” I called out awkwardly.

The fairy turned around to look at me, looking curious, yet puzzled.

“I don’t suppose you could direct me to the library, could you?” I asked quietly.

The fairy’s face lit up, and she smiled, nodding positively.

“That’s great, so, where is it?”

The fairy spun 90 degrees and pointed at the door it just left.

“Oh, it’s right in there?” I asked quickly.

The fairy replied with a nod.

“Oh, that was pretty stupid of me, thanks a lot.” I nodded my head in thanks.

The fairy curtsied slightly before flying off, back to whatever she was doing,

So far, so good. I thought, as I opened the library door.

“Whoa.”

I was hit with surprise at the size of the library, I was expecting it to be big, but this place looked like it dwarfed warehouses, bookshelves sat on bookshelves making it appear three, maybe even four stories, the only problem was there were no walkways for the upper bookcases, so until I learnt to fly, I doubt I’d be reaching all the way up there any time soon.

Hopefully the bookshelves were arranged nicely, and don’t turn into a labyrinth leaving me stranded for days and days until Yuka finally loses it and hunts me down.

Wondering in, I began to wonder how the heck I was going to find something in this gargantuan room, especially since I didn’t know what I was specifically looking for.

As I wondered in no particular direction, I began to see the wide range of books that were in her, factual, fictions, foreign languages I’d never even seen before. This place was like the holy grail of literacy.

“Wow, this place is amazing…” I spoke out unconsciously.

“I’m glad you think so.” A voice spoke from beside me, causing me to almost jump out of my skin.

Quickly spinning to the side, I faced the unknown voice, to see a long, purple haired woman wearing a white nightcap and purple and white pyjamas. Also noticeable was the large book she was holding, and resting on her lap.

“Y-you must be Patchouli… Miss Knowledge. I’m Haru.” I spoke out clumsily, still slightly shaken from the shock.

The woman smiled, “Yes, that’s me. We’ve not met before have we?” She asked, as her eyes scanned me.

I was about to speak when she began to talk again, in her odd voice, which sometimes sounded… normal, while at others it was almost monotone. “But, I have seen you before. I was at the party at the shrine, so I know well what… happened to you, and I am also aware of how you are back. However, that doesn’t explain why you’re here inside my library.”

“Well, it might sound odd, but I’m not sure exactly what I’m looking for.” I told the magician hesitantly. “I just got a clue to a game that I should be looking for something.”

Patchouli sat still for a moment, “Yukari’s game, I presume? The Mistress and Sakuya left to take part in that game earlier.” The purple youkai looked down at her book and gave out a sigh, “Looks like this place has turned into a playground.”

“You might be lucky, the clues seem quite unique, so you might not get visited by that many people.” I spoke out, unsure of what I was saying, but trying to make Patchouli feel better.

“I see, that would also explain that… thing that appeared in my library earlier, I thought it was Marisa turning this place into a dumping ground to be honest.” Patchouli said quietly, still reading her book.

I took a quick look around, but saw nothing and so asked, “I don’t suppose you could help me find it, could you?”

Patchouli remained seated and continued reading her book for what felt like a few minutes, “I guess so. Can you fly yet?”

I looked down, “No, not yet.”

“I see, well, try to keep up.” Patchouli spoke as she rose, and began to head deeper into the library, away from the door with her feet hovering slightly off the ground.

I began to walk beside her when she started, “So, where is Yuka, I’d have thought she’d be here with you.”

I grinned slightly, “She’s outside… training, with Meiling.”

Patchouli smiled slightly, “I see, well, at least there’s no mess in here.”

As I walked through the various aisles I looked at the surroundings, which are as to be expected, all books, but the collection was purely amazing, every collection was complete, sometimes there were even copies of the same book, sometimes in different languages, it made me begin to wonder how long this sanctuary of books took to form, and how valuable some of these things were.

“May I inquire into how you knew my name? I didn’t think I was so well-known in Gensokyo, unlike my library.” Patchouli asked without warning, sounding like she was bragging towards the end of the sentence.

I quickly thought about how I actually knew, “Oh, right, I read about you. The Gensokyo Chronicle by Akyu… uh, Hieda.”

“Hieda no Akyu? I should have guessed.” Patchouli mused to herself. “I suppose you must be alright if she’s let you read her beloved books, I take it you enjoy reading?” Patchouli looked at me expectantly.

“Oh, yeah. I can say I don’t read as much as you, going by your reputation, but let’s just say that if it wasn’t for reading and that Chronicle she lent me, I wouldn’t have lived as long as I did the last time I was here.” I explained to her, and watched as her expression lightened up.

“Well, here we are.” Patchouli announced, but still generally quiet, before coughing. “Straining my voice… not a good day.”

She barely even spoke ‘normal’ volume.

The object was merely a metal box in the centre of a crossroad of aisles, completely silver and slightly reflective, on all the sides it was completely blank, the only part of note was the top, which slightly resembled a printer. There seemed to be two slots, but no instructions to it.

I reached into my pocket and pulled out the piece of paper that had the clue on. “What’s that?” Patchouli asked, looking over my shoulder, thanks to her levitation.

“It’s what brought me here.” I quickly spoke, before I placed the paper near one of the slots. Carefully, I tried to push the paper into one of the slots, but something was blocking it making it a wasted attempt. Moving to the other side, I tried the other slot, which accepted the paper with the whirr of machinery, and took the paper off me.

“Oh, it’s gone.” I said with a bit of disappointment.

“Is that it?” Patchouli asked, now floating beside the box.

Suddenly, the box began whirring again, resembling a printer, and from the other slot, a piece of paper was produced, exactly the same as the previous one, except the text, as expected.

“That’s it, I’ve got what I came for, I guess.” I spoke, with a little excitement.

That’ll show Yuka, I can do stuff by myself.

“I was expecting something a bit more… dramatic, since it’s from Yukari.” Patchouli quietly commented.

“She’s probably planning something else.” I quickly replied, “Anyway, thank you Patchouli for your help. I should go now, to give you some peace, and stop Yuka’s… playtime.”

“Can you remember the way out?” Patchouli asked quietly, as usual.

I nodded, “Yeah, it was pretty much a straight line from where we came from, with a turn to the… left… where I met you… I think.”

“Correct, good luck, although I ask you don’t tell the Mistress of my assistance, she may not be terribly pleased about it.” Patchouli asked seriously.

“No problem, I won’t say a word.”

“Thank you; also, if Akyu has placed trust in you, then I shall do the same. Next time I see her, I shall inform Meiling to allow you access to the library, I believe you should find a much larger selection to choose from here then at the Hieda library. Just do not linger too much in the Mansion itself; you never know who you may run into.”

What is this? War of the Libraries or something? Some secret library feud between Patchouli and Akyu? … I’m just not going to ask.

I quickly bid farewell to Patchouli before turning around to where I came from and began to run back to the entrance, to find Yuka and what was left of Meiling. 
After leaving the library, I quickly headed for the front door and avoided looking around, just in case another inhabitant, such as Flandre was lurking around. I quickly opened the front door, exited and slammed it behind me and then hastily walked down the small pathway to the gate.

I noticed at this point that there wasn’t much… movement going on outside the gate, I was expecting to see flowers flying in all directions and screams of pain, but instead it was eerily quiet.

Walking up to the gate, I took a look through the bars, and still saw, and heard no sign of anyone.

Where the hell could they be?

Opening the gate, and carefully shutting it behind me, I was greeted by Yuka’s voice.

“Ah hello, Haru. Did everything go alright?” She spoke cheerfully.

I nodded cautiously, “Yeah, there’s another piece of paper now.” I spoke as I reached into my pocket and pulled out the piece of paper.

Yuka quickly swiped the paper from my hand and looked at it, “Simple enough.” She spoke, sounding uninterested.

“W-What?” I spoke confused, realizing that I hadn’t actually looked at the paper yet. “You mean you figured the answer already?”

“Yes.” She replied, simply.

Since the conversation seemed to have ended by her decision, I decided to ask about the other pressing matter at hand.

“So, Yuka… What did you do with Meiling?” I asked cautiously.

Yuka raised an eyebrow, “You mean her?” She spoke as she stepped to the side, revealing a Meiling who looked fairly beaten and almost whimpering against the wall.

“Ah, well… At least you didn’t kill her or anything.” I began to speak, saying things as they entered my head.

“It can be arranged,” Yuka grinned.

I shook my head, “No, no need to do that. Let’s just move on, time’s a wasting.”

Yuka grinned, grabbed my arm and then took off, and began to head back across the lake, towards the flower field.

In the air, I suddenly realized something, “Hey, uh, what does the clue actually say? I, erm, never thought to look.”

Yuka looked down on me, with a look saying ‘You’re useless’ before handing me the paper. ‘Head to the site of a double disaster failure.’

“Sounds like a history question. That rules me out.” I mumbled.

“It’s an easy question for me, considering I was… involved in one of them.” Yuka added cheerfully.

“Really? What about the other one?” I asked.

“Unfortunately not, but I know who was the cause of the other. In fact, you do too.”

I paired Yuka’s hint with one of the incidents I read about in Akyu’s works, “Mima.”

“You got something right for once.” Yuka grinned.

“All I can remember is that Mima was on a mountain during her incident, is that it?” I quietly questioned.

“That’s what I believe, the other incident that occurred there was the Makai incident, when Mima and I ventured into Makai to stop a flow of demons entering Gensokyo, the portal which leads there is in a cave at the base of that mountain.” Yuka explained, proud and bragging. “Of course, we fixed the problem, beating up Shinki.”

“Yeah, I’ve already heard.” I commented.

Yuka gave a bitter stare, “Well, it won’t hurt to hear about it again. It’s a vital part of Gensokyo’s history.”

If you say so.

Yuka continued chatting about her adventures into Makai, briefly and lightly giving Mima credit, but mostly keeping it all for herself.

Soon enough, we approached a mountain close to the Hakurei Shrine, which seemed to have an airspace clear of amulets and yin-yang orbs by now. “So, is this it?”

“This is it.” Yuka simply answered.

“Where do you think the machine will be? Inside the mountain or on it?”

“What… machine?” Yuka asked, looking quite confused.

“Oh right, in the library there was this weird metal box, and you put the paper in a slot, and then it gives you the next clue.”

Yuka nodded, “Whatever it is, it’ll be on the mountain, Makai itself doesn’t count as the mountain.”

“What?” I said, confused slightly, “Forget it, let’s just get this done with.”

As we ascended all the way up the mountain, it started to remind me of why I’d never been a huge fan of heights, but it’s something I’d have to get over if I ever planned on flying myself.

At the top of the mountain, there were a few things scattered around, a table, some books, a thing that looked strangely like an altar with a bookstand facing it. By the looks of it, we were on the historical site where Mima once tried to resurrect herself. Regarding the scenery, I noticed that a table and some stacked books were hiding what we had come for, another strange, purple-tinted metal box.

“It’s there Yuka, that machine I mentioned.” I called as I pointed at it.

“Well, what are you waiting for? Get the next clue.” Yuka ordered.

I began to make my way over to the box, when a voice caused me to stop dead.

“Well, well, what do we have here? A flower and a weed!” Followed by laughing, and giggling. 
“Where?” Another unknown voice spoke out.

“Right in front of you, you dumb lummox.” The first voice shouted back.

I turned around slowly, to avoid attention, and my eyes were drawn to a large black orb, floating stationary in the sky.

“Perhaps if you didn’t sit in that stupid darkness all day, you might be able to do something!” The first person continued shouted, who I soon recognised as Wriggle Nightbug.

“But the sun is too bright, and scary” The orb replied, in a long stretched out sentence, sounding almost musical.

Wriggle spoke again, “Well, what’s the point, the sun’s already gone in, it’s night time.”

It is? Could have fooled me.

“Why didn’t you say so?” The orb suddenly dispersed with a poof, revealing Rumia, who immediately flinched from the sunlight, and re-summoned her orb of darkness.

“Ahhhhh, that was mean.” She spoke sadly.

Wriggle was only laughing, unable to talk or make any addition attacks. Both of them stopped dead, when Yuka cleared her throat.

“Well, what do we have here? A worm, it would appear.” She spoke mockingly.

Wriggle stepped forward, “I’m a firefly! Not a worm!”

Yuka merely pushed some hair away from her eyes, “Worms, fireflies… They’re all meaningless bugs.”

“That was mean!” The voice of Rumia suddenly interrupted.

The flower youkai grinned, “And what do we have here? Why, it looks like an insignificant ball of darkness.”

I quickly took over from Yuka, “So, what do you two want?”

“What do you think? The same as you, the next clue.” Wriggle replied, with her arms folded. “I told everyone that Mystia and I were the smartest, winning this contest will just prove it to them!”

I glanced sideways at Yuka, who was doing the same, “Why are you with Rumia then?”

Wriggle looked up, “She decided that she’d rather open a refreshments stall for the contest, so I got stuck with her.” She replied, pointing back at Rumia.

Yuka merely laughed, “Yeah, right, your game ends now.”

Wriggle looked at Yuka, and then turned her gaze to me for a few seconds before looking back at Yuka, “Let’s play another game then. Two versus two, when one of the two hits the ground, they both lose.”

I quietly mumbled to Yuka, “That puts me out of this then, with the lack of flying for starters, not to mention that I-“

“Deal.” Yuka spoke out loud.

“Haha, big mistake!” Wriggle burst out laughing. “Rumia, go for the human!”

I guess the news hasn’t got to them yet.

“Okay!” Rumia sung, stretching the word out for seconds again.

Yuka chuckled sinisterly, mostly to herself before speaking, “Ready, Haru?”

“There’s no other choice is there?” I mumbled.

“No.” Yuka smirked, as she grabbed me and lifted me into the air.

Wriggle rose up, so she had a height advantage, before shouting to Rumia to follow her, who did, slowly.

“Moonlight Ray!” The darkness youkai spontaneously shouted, causing two lasers to fire from her darkness, trapping us between them, and soon after small waves of lightly scattered bullets approached us.

Yuka’s first reaction was to laugh, and then dodge at the last moment, seemingly taking pleasure in swinging me at the approaching bullets but changing at the last moment. Her moment of fun was interrupted by a cry from Wriggle.

“Nightbug Tornado!”

The light scattering of bullets between the lasers were now joined by disorientating waves of what looks like insects.

Yuka, unsurprisingly continued to grin, as she seemingly created several incredibly large sunflowers in front of her, and launched them forward, towards the two attackers, catching any insects on the way there.

The sunflowers themselves were quite slow, and their size also made them quite obvious, allowing Wriggle plenty of time to assess the situation and dodge with plenty of time, on the other hand, Rumia who was as good as blind had no idea, and as the sunflowers began to enter her pitch black surrounding, there were only shrieks of pain.

Wriggle shouted, “Argh, you idiot! Try being useful for once!”

There were only whimpers from Rumia in reply.

Wriggle began to talk to Rumia, who didn’t respond at all, the trouble was, it was impossible to see what she was doing.

Until the massive array of bullets emerged from her hideout, followed by her charging at us.

“That’s right, Rumia!” Wriggle shouted, as she re-entered the fray.

Yuka continued to dodge, with a grin, until she was taken off-guard slightly, allowing Rumia to strike me hard enough to lose Yuka’s grip.

Free-fall time.

As I fell, I noticed that the fight had shifted us over the side of the mountain, which meant a much longer drop to the ground, and as a result, much more pain was to be expected.

Not to mention, Yuka’s not gonna be happy.

The scenery flew by at a ridiculous rate, and when I looked down, the floor was fast approaching. “Final stop, the ground.” I muttered to myself.

Waiting for the worst to happen, I closed my eyes, better not to see what spikes or god knows what I might land on.

…

“Any minute now.”

For some reason, after what felt like a minute, the moment never came.

I slowly opened my eyes to find that, to my amazement, I was above the ground by a couple of metres.

Am… Am I flying?

I quickly tried to move around, or upwards, but to little prevail, I could only seem to keep the position I was already in.

“Hey, Rumia, he hasn't touched the ground! Let’s end this!” Wriggle commanded.

Oh great, something good happens, and now this.

Wriggle and Rumia both dive-bombed towards me, obviously one strike away from grounding me. When all of a sudden, a small yellow star appeared in front of me, and spiralled upwards revealing Yuka.

“Wait, you can teleport now?” I mumbled to myself, before I noticed something.

Yuka was floating between the two charging youkai and myself, but I then saw that Yuka was also up near the top of the mountain, behind the two.

Wait, that means…

Wriggles face seemed to notice what was happening as well, and as both Yukas rose their parasol towards the youkai, she tried to dodge, but was caught in the crossfire between the two enormous lasers that was the result.

The higher Yuka moved her laser’s aim away from the mountain, while the Yuka stood next to me aimed at the mountain, slamming the two youkai into the side of the mountain and leaving them to fall down it, which looked extremely painful, even compared to the thoughts of having nearly plummeted of the side of the mountain myself.

Just like she appeared, the Yuka next to me vanished with another spiral of the small golden star, and the other, real Yuka flew down to greet me.

“See, no trouble at all.” She bragged.

I shrugged, “Whatever, it was close though, if I hadn’t have flew like I am, we’d have lost.”

“Well, I told you that dropping you would make you fly.” She chirped happily.

I sighed quietly, “Whatever you say.”

“Now, let us get the next clue!” She announced, before turning around and flying up.

I shouted after her, “You’re forgetting something! Or someone! I can’t seem to really fly yet, just… hover.” I explained, trying to rock back and forth to move, to no success.

Following the routine, Yuka flew down, snatched my wrist and towed me through the air up to the top of the mountain. 
As I was towed up, I weakly tried to move around, I felt slight feelings of movement, but nothing huge, but it wasn’t helped that I was being pulled quite sharply.

Once we’d found the machine again, Yuka swung me away slightly, letting me hover slowly down to the ground.

As I tried to control myself once again, Yuka was more interested in getting the next clue; she looked at the machine before walking around it a few times, which made me notice.

“You put the paper in the top.” I commented.

Yuka looked at me for a moment, before looking back down at the contraption, and followed what I said. Soon enough, the machine spat out the next clue which Yuka snatched away.

The flower youkai read the paper for a few seconds before frowning slightly.

“What’s up, not been able to solve the puzzle within 5 seconds?” I joked cautiously.

“No, it’s the opposite.” Yuka spoke out, “And that’s what I find suspicious.” As usual, Yuka marched to the side of the mountain before taking to the air, and turned around, waiting for me. “Come on, we haven’t got all day.”

I nodded, before moving quickly over to her and took a small jump up in the air, began to hover, it was better to make sure I could hover now, rather then just jump off the side like Yuka.

Movement was finally making itself known to me, and I was able to move forward, behind Yuka. However she was still moving far too fast for me. When she noticed, she sighed, flew back and grabbed my sleeve, towing me through the air once again.

“Where are we going?” I asked after a minute or so.

Yuka sighed, “Mugenkan.”

“Where?” I asked, puzzled.

Yuka rose an eyebrow as she looked at me, “Are you being serious?”

“Yes.” I asked, now as puzzled as her.

“You live there, idiot.” Yuka turned her head back, looking at where she was flying.

Suddenly, I was even more confused, “What? I thought you said were lived at the Kazami Mansion?”

“Yes, that’s the mansion. Mugenkan is the dream-world itself, although, what we’re looking for is most likely in the mansion at a guess since I put very little else there.” Yuka began explaining.

“Oh, I see. You never told me that.” I commented.

Yuka shrugged and made a loud, uncaring sigh, “It’s not my fault. You never asked.”

“I never said it was.” I replied.

There was very little other conversation occur on the way to Mugenkan and fortunately, the fact we were descending this time made the journey a little faster, and followed me to practice my flying a few times.

I began to wonder what Yuka would do next, she used to pick on me by dropping me from great heights, but now I can fly, I’ve made that useless, but I dread to think what she may think of next.

The familiar, welcoming sight of the yellow sea of sunflowers soon arrived, and I noticed that Yuka let go of me as we approached the portal, maybe trying to catch me off-guard however I was able to comfortably slow down and gently land on the ground

“Getting the hang of it, are you?” Yuka asked.

“Well, sorta, I mean, I still can’t fly around well, but at least I can stop you breaking my arms.” I laughed.

Yuka smirked, “Oh, I assure you I have many ways to do that.”

Damn my big mouth.

Yuka chuckled to herself for a moment, “Now, come on. We have another clue to find.” She spoke as she entered the portal.

I sighed and quickly entered the portal, hoping that Yuka hadn’t suddenly done one of her teleporting acts and is already by the mansion by now.

She had.

I shouted after her, “Oh, come on! How the hell do you do that!?”

I think I could just make out her grinning, when I suddenly heard her voice all around me. “I told you, this is my world, I can do anything I want, just like how I can sense that there’s something unknown to me in the mansion, which is obviously what we’re looking for, now hurry up.”

I began to walk over to Yuka, with another sigh when in a disorientating moment, I was suddenly seemed to step several hundred metres in a single pace, placing me next to Yuka.

“What the-“ I muttered.

“I’ve got no time for you to be casually walking all the way here.” Yuka taunted, before entering the mansion, leaving the door open for me. With little other choice, I simply followed her into the mansion.

“So, Yuka… You can tell where that machine is already?” I asked.

Yuka turned and nodded as she walked, “Yes, and in fact, I can tell you it’s upstairs, and located in the second room on the left in the west wing of the building.” She smiled smugly.

That’s a point, I’ve never seen the west wing of the house, I wonder what’s there?

Yuka gracefully ascended the stairs, humming her usual tune.

I wonder that music is that she’s humming?

“Come on, hurry up.” Yuka ordered without warning as we walked down the hallway.

“But I’m right behind you!” I complained.

Yuka merely laughed to herself and opened the door. “See, what did I say? Just where I said it would be.”

Upon entering the room I froze for a moment, “What… the hell?”

The room I had just entered defined an entertainment centre in Gensokyo, the sheer shock of something so unexpected for the resident of the mansion left me speechless.

In fact, it went against what I believed was logical in Gensokyo.

The first thing I noticed was the average sized television, placed uncaringly in the corner, obviously, it didn’t see much use. At a brief glance, I guessed that there were DVDs or VHS videos near it, but I was too distracted. Close to that were some long, comfy looking settees, which, as usual had the trademark Kazami pattern embroidered on them.

Along the opposite wall, however, was what appeared to be a giant collection of instruments, a piano, a violin, a saxophone, a guitar, and even some that like the TV shouldn’t even exist, such as electric guitars.

“You can’t be serious…” I muttered.

Yuka made a quizzical noise, “What’s the matter now?”

“Everything in this room, it’s like a giant contradiction to Gensokyo itself, there’s no power here.” I argued.

“In Gensokyo, there is not. But what did I say earlier? I control this dream world, I can make anything happen.”

“But, why…? Why have all these stuff? It seems really odd, for you.”

Yuka looked sarcastic, “If you think I’m someone who has stood outside for the last millennium, each and every day, you’re wrong. Even I can get bored, you should know.” Yuka tapped her foot on the floor.

“So, you learnt how to play instruments?” I asked, still bewildered.

Yuka grinned confidently, “Oh yes… What’s wrong Haru, you still seem surprised.”

I shook my head, “I’m sorry, it’s just… hard to imagine you playing a guitar like that.” I quietly spoke, pointing at the electric guitar she was stood by.

Yuka looked at me, and her grin grew as she reached down and picked the guitar up.

Oh boy.

Immediately, Yuka began to thrash the guitar quickly, making me wonder if I was to hear music, or just a load of noise.

Slightly to my surprise, the thrashing became much more structured, and a little slower.

“So, what do you call this music?” I asked while it was a little quieter.

Yuka thought for a moment, “Inanimate Dream.”

“Odd name.” I said, to which Yuka just frowned, and played louder.

Eventually, the music began to build up, until the music practically exploded into an array of fast notes, making the music itself sound quite insane, quite suiting, considering the person who was playing it.

Minutes passed as Yuka continued to attack her guitar, still leaving me in a state of shock and disbelief, Yuka Kazami, playing a guitar to such a high level of skill, amazing…

A few minutes passed, and eventually, the song came to an end, Yuka merely tossed the guitar to the side and stepped forward. “Well? Believe I can play it now?”

“Y-Yeah, that was… pretty awesome, if you played like that, you’d become instantly famous, and you wouldn’t have to kill anyone or anything like that.” I praised, with a hint of sarcasm at the end.

Yuka merely smirked, “Now, we haven’t got any more time to waste, let’s get this over with.” She spoke, as she walked over to the machine, which I had only just noticed, since it blended in well with the heaps of strange, out-of-place looking items.

The routine followed, and soon enough Yuka received the final clue, which she sort of flinched when she read it. “Typical.”

“What’s the matter?”

“Final Clue! Head to the place closest to the outside!” She said, voiced in a mocking version of Yukari.

“Which means?” I asked.

Yuka brushed some hair from her face, “It’s the place that has the great border, or rather, the Hakurei Border.”

“Which means, the shrine?”

Yuka nodded, “She never even moved in the first place.”

Yuka tucked the clue into one of her pockets, “Well then, we should go, get this waste of time done.”

Wait, weren’t you the one who wanted to do it in the first place?

“Come on, Haru.” She said from the doorway, before disappearing from sight.

As I followed her, I couldn’t help but wonder what were in the other rooms on this side of the mansion, and made a memo in my head to come and check it out when I had the time.

This time, Yuka didn’t even bother with the stairs, and just jumped off the guard rail, landing in the main hall.

Show off.

I considered trying the same, but the amount of falls I’d already had today changed my mind, and I decided to just hover down the stairs for practice. At the bottom, as usual, I walked beside Yuka as we walked out of the mansion and to the portal which again was practically next to the mansion.

Since the quickest route to anywhere was usually a straight line, Yuka took to the sky as we exited the portal, and I slowly, but surely followed suit, and soon enough, I managed to fly forward at a half-decent pace towards the shrine.

Out of the blue, Yuka asked a question, “So, do you enjoy living back there, in Mugenkan?”

“I nodded, distracted by the scenery and the fact I was flying without Yuka’s aid, “Yeah, it’s nice, colourful, unusual, high quality things, and you’re there.”

Did I just say that?

I quickly spoke again, “Why, are you thinking of kicking me out or something?”

Yuka smiled, “No, no reason. I just wondered what you thought of it.”

A moment of silence passed until I broke it again, “Where did you get those things from, anyway? In that room I mean.” I asked curiously, “I know you can make them since it’s your world but, surely you need to know of such a thing first.”

“Oh, there’s a little shop on the other side of the shrine, and it deals in all sorts of useless human items, I have a few books from there which gave me the ideas. I suppose I can take you there one day.” The youkai explained.

“Human items, from the outside world?”

“Yes, mostly due to Yakumo and her gap manipulating.”

“I see. That’s interesting to know, might find something decent there.”

Time went by, passing fairly quickly since I got into a small conversation with the flower youkai about her music, she told me why she made her own music and basically just bragged about how she was more talented then I. I ended the conversation by telling her that I’d learn now I have the chance, and one day, I’d be better then her. Although since she always had to have the last word, she just told me to dream on.

Here we are. Back again

The Hakurei Shrine stood ahead of us, standing out against the twilight sky. Quickly I checked the time, it’d soon be approaching the evening, so we finished at quite a good time.

I noticed Yuka begin to speed up, faster then I go, when she announced, “I think we’re the first ones here!”

“Well, let’s just get there first, shall we?” I mumbled.

As Yuka descended to the shrine, I noticed a gap open above her, “Yuka, above you!” I warned.

Yuka quickly looked up, before firing her parasol right into it, but there was little effect, or anything at that matter.

“Ow…” A voice called out a few seconds later, followed by Yukari hanging upside down, out of the gap. “That was awfully uncalled for.”

Yuka sneered, “You shouldn’t sneak up on me then.”

Finally, I caught up with Yuka, and asked while Yukari was there, “Are we first here?”

“Yes, congratulations, well done, bravo, you’re the winners.” She said, with an eerie tone in here voice. “Now, if you don’t mind me, I have to make some preparations for your prize, just wait here and… gloat at the others, I know that’s your style.” She smirked, quickly diving into her gap to dodge a lunge from Yuka.

Despite Yuka’s outburst, that exactly what we did, lounging around the shrine while we waited for people to arrive, soon enough Mima and Marisa arrived, followed by Remilia and Sakuya, both teams quite annoyed by our presence.

“You can be serious, you won?” Marisa shouted.

“Yes, and have you got a problem with that?” Yuka said, threateningly.

Mima interrupted, “Well, let’s just sit aside and see what they get. She never actually said what the prize was, did she?”

Yuka shrugged, “As long as it’s something worth my time, otherwise she’ll have hell to pay.” I couldn’t help but laugh slightly at Yuka’s violent attitude.

After quite a large crowd, roughly 10 teams had arrived, Yukari announced her arrival by descending in the centre of the crowd, through another gap. “Let’s have a round of applause for our winners!”

There was a very slow, quiet series of clapping before it turned silent.

Noticing something, I asked Yukari a question, “Where’re the others? There were at least 4 more teams here at the start.”

Yukari laughed from behind her fan, “The cause is the team of the Tengu and the Kappa.” Yukari held an arm out, “You know the Kappa love technology, well, she saw what I used to distribute the clues, and, as her kind does, she took it apart. Here we are now, and she still hasn’t fixed it, and the other teams who had that clue are stuck there, and well… when I last checked, a large scale brawl had broken out there.

“Where was it?” Mima asked.

“Oh, in the doctor’s lab at Eientei.” Yukari laughed, while at the same time, Reisen shrieked in panic, grabbed Tewi and flew away, towards the bamboo forest.

There was a little more discussion on the clues, and what happened to each team, when Yukari cleared her voice getting everyone’s attention again.

“And now, time for the prize, to our beloved Flower Youkai and her minion.”

Minion!?

“Your prize is…” Yukari covered her mouth again.

“What? Out with it?” Yuka demanded.

“A chance to play in my next game! Win that, and you get anything you want!” Yukari shouted, holding her arms out as if to present something.

“You cannot be serious.” Yuka said, with a deadly-serious expression on her face. “What is this game anyway?”

“Oh, that’s simple, you just have to get back here.” Yukari smiled.

There was a pause, as everyone waited for a reaction from Yuka.

“Not interested.” She said, passively.

“What!?” Yukari shouted in surprise, before quickly regaining her composure, and at the same time, a serious look appeared in her eyes. “There’s no choice about it, you’re going to play whether you like it or not.”

I jumped slightly, as a strange red and purple border appeared around the shrine, “Try escaping now.” She giggled ominously, again with half her face covered by her fan.

“What are you planning, M-Yukari?” Mima shouted.

“There’s a slight problem with you, you’re too powerful, you could hurt someone, so for this game, something needs to be done about it.”

Suddenly Yukari began talking again, but it was as if someone muted her, there was no sound coming from her at all.

Wait a second, I can’t read her lips. No, what’s she saying?

Wait, she’s hiding her hand in the fold of her dress.

Spell Card.

“Yuka, she-“

“Haru, get back! She’s attacking!” Yuka shouted.

Acknowledging her, I jumped backwards at the same time as her, only for a laser to appear between us, pain filled my arm as the laser grazed it, far more pain then when Yuka had broke it, or dropped me, and I could only find myself drop to one knee. Looking to the side, I was slightly disheartened that Yuka had suffered the same wound, but seemed to stand the pain a bit more.

Suddenly, just as quick as it appeared, the laser disappeared again.

“Do you know the nature behind my cards? They’re named after various borders I can manipulate, they have their own bullet patterns, and if one hits you, then you’re marked for the manipulation of that border, though, I never actually invoke that effect.” Yukari explained.

“Until now.”

Yukari quickly muttered something under her breath, and instantly I found myself paralysed and falling backwards to the floor, and promptly blacking out.

…

…

…

…

“Wake up!”

“He’s moving, stop hitting him.”

“Hey, come on, wake up!”

I suddenly came back to my senses, feeling extremely lethargic and weak, when a sharp blow of realization hit me, causing my eyes to slam open and for my upper body to lie up.

I knew it… I just knew it...

Gone was the blue costume I wore in Gensokyo, and instead, were my old jeans, checking my arm, it was my old jacket.

“I… I’m human again?”

I looked to the person beside me, Mima. I merely nodded with a grim face.

“Where’s Yukari gone, I want to change back.” I muttered.

Mima explained quietly, “She said she had some final preparations to do.”

Slowly, I picked myself off the floor, refusing any help that Mima and Marisa offered.

“Where’s Yuka?” I asked quickly.

Mima motioned to the other side of me with her head, where there was just a large body of light, it was impossible to make out Yuka. “You were like that until you woke up, that light transformed you, I think.”

“Then that means Yuka…”

“Was also hit by the effect.”

Uh oh, DEFCON 1.

Almost as if it was a signal, the light quickly faded from Yuka, there was a moment of silence, and then movement. A few seconds later, there were only gasps of shock.

Yuka sat up, and examined herself, it took a few seconds to sink in, before she left to her feet and screamed at an almost unheard, “SHOW YOURSELF, YUKARI! CHANGE ME BACK, NOW.”

The spectators, including myself were still shocked though, at her form, she was literally half the size, wearing a formal white dress, and that’s when I realized, she WAS a child.

“She changed us back to our human forms before we died. Is that right, Mima?”

Mima was still visibly shocked, more then anyone else watching. “Mima? Is something wrong.”

“I knew it…” She spoke quietly. “I knew it…”

“You knew what? Lady Mima?” Marisa asked.

“I knew I’d met her before…” She continued.

“What, you recognise her even now?” I quickly asked.

“I should have noticed the clues, like your name….”

“What about it?” I took a chance and grabbed Mima’s sleeve, and shook her slightly. “Make more sense, have you met her before?” I asked, trying to ignore the screams of fury from Yuka.

“I… I- Yes, I’ve met her before, a long time ago, it was her death that was the catalyst to my own… Haruka Kirisame…” 
“DON’T YOU EVER USE THAT NAME AGAIN!” Yuka shrieked, in a horrible high-pitched mess.

Mima frowned, “However much you have run away from the past, it has now caught up, it is time for you to face it.”

Yuka remained silent, but she was visibly shaking, whether it was from anger, or sorrow, I wasn’t sure, but I couldn’t help but feel a little sorry for her.

Quietly, I talked to Mima, “Is she the girl I read about in the book about your past? The girl who was… killed by her father?”

“Yes… That one. The one killed to ignite a witch-hunt.” She replied with a whisper.

Mima spoke up slightly, “Of course, it makes sense a little now.”

“What?” Marisa questioned.

“Your affinity with spark spells.” Mima closed her eyes, “Spark spells require intense magical power, and drain life energy from the user. Enough to kill a human outright, and for youkai to struggle casting it. Yet of course, Marisa happily casts away, and Yuka can cast multiple sparks simultaneously… Obviously something in their blood-line.”

“Silence! I am not related to that… lowlife!” The small, brown-haired girl screamed.

Marisa giggled, “Sure you are, you’re my great, great, great, great, great…” The witch paused for a moment, “Let’s just stick with Aunt, eh Auntie Yuka?”

I quickly had to hide my grin at the embarrassment Yuka wore on her face.

“Oh, isn’t this sweet? A family reunion.” A voice called out, horribly recognisable.

As expected, Yukari dropped out of a gap, in the centre of our little meeting, immediately trigger outrage.

“You! Turn me back now! I will annihilate you off the face of Gensokyo!” Yuka shrieked again, and taking an aggressive stance on front of Yukari.

Yukari giggled, “Aren’t you just adorable? I’d take you home if we didn’t already have a cat that doesn’t get on well with humans.” She spoke airily.

“Shut up!” Yuka growled, and she lunged forward to strike her.

Yukari quietly chuckled as Yuka struck an invisible wall of some kind, propelling her backwards several metres.

“Turn them back Yukari, this has gone on for long enough.” Mima complained.

“The fun hasn’t started yet!” Yukari shouted enthusiastically.

“Why, you… YOU!” Yuka cried again, and leapt forward, only to hit another wall, quickly she felt around her, and appeared to be completely closed in.

“And now for you.” The gap youkai laughed again before turning to me.

I quickly objected, “I haven’t even done anythi-“ And suddenly the scenery changed in a flash, and beside me was Yuka.

“What the hell?” I mumbled.

“She gapped you.” Yuka spoke under her breath.

Yukari marched proudly in front of us, laughing again, “Oh yes, this will be quite fun.”

Yuka began hitting the wall, “Let me out, damn it! Let me out!”

“Oh, I will let you out, I have to for my little game.” Yukari clicked her fingers, and a strange large white orb appeared, levitating slightly above her hand. “This contains your powers, both of you. If you touch it, you get your powers back, and also a route to here. So basically, find this orb, and you win!”

Something’s not right.

“Of course, there’s that mysterious question, where will you be starting from? Well…” Again the youkai giggled sinisterly, “I’ll let you witness it first hand.”

Mima’s objections continued to be ignored by Yukari, whose grin just continued to grow.

“Be warned, it might be a bumpy ride, and… try to keep out of trouble, and keep alive. Bye! Have fun!”

Yuka cried in panic, as she grabbed my sleeve and pointed down, the floor below us was turning into one big gap.

I noticed Mima fire several bolts at Yukari, but it was too late, and I felt myself fall down and immediately blacked out.

…

…

Where am I?

Was that a dream?

How much of it was a dream?

All of it? None of it?

Slowly, my senses started to function, I could hear people talking, or shouting. Having fun?

Other noises began to make themselves know, footsteps, the crunching of stones under someone’s feet and a strange buzzing sound.

Then, there was one final noise, which forced me out of my apparent slumber, the noise of an engine, moving from one side of me, to my other.

As my eyes opened, my fears were confirmed, Yukari hadn’t gapped us to somewhere in Gensokyo, she’d gapped us back to the outside world, the world of humans.


Slowly, I began to take in the surroundings; it appeared to be a park of some kind. Children were playing some distance away, the source of the buzzing being some remote controlled plane that they were getting enjoyment out of.

I looked at my wrist for the time, but the visible lack of a watch hindered that, it was only then that I noticed a girl, Yuka, or Haruka, asleep next to me.

Ah, I don’t have to go hunting for her, at least. Nice of Yukari to do that much, I guess.

I quickly glanced down to see if I was wearing a watch on my arm, to no success, blocked by the sleeve of my jacket. Carefully, I tried to lift my arm up, trying to not wake the sleeping youkai-turned-human.

“You’ll wake her up if you’re not careful.” A voice spoke quietly, causing me to almost jump in fright.

I quickly turned to see who it was, to find an old lady sitting on the other edge of the park bench.

The old woman laughed slightly, “Did I make you jump? I’m sorry, although I did do the same earlier.”

“Wha-?” I managed to say, still slightly overwhelmed by everything.

I would have thought Yuka’d be awake by now.

“I never noticed you two sit down next to me, let alone remain unnoticed for you two to fall asleep. Almost like magic, wouldn’t you say?” The woman laughed again.

“Heh, yeah, very much so.” I mumbled.

“Cute little thing, isn’t she?” The woman said, looking at the brown haired girl resting beside me.

This’ll answer the question.

I grinned slightly, “She sure is.” Causing a slight twitch from the girl in question.

“Always nice to see children spending time with their parents and not getting into the horrible things kids do now-a-days.” The woman said, gazing forward into the distance.

Wait, what the hell? Was she aiming that at us? Is she blind or something? Surely I don’t look that old?!

The pensioner gazed at me for a while before talking again, “Thinking about it, have I seen you before? You look awfully familiar.”

Oh crap, she’s probably seen me in the news or something. Think of something!

“Do you go to the supermarket just down the road from here?” I quickly asked.

The woman grinned, “Yes, I do.”

“You probably saw me there then, I work there quite a lot.” I bluffed.

The woman closed her eyes, “Is that it? That would explain things.” Slowly, she looked down at her watch, “The time is just past noon, and that is time for me to go. Bye.” The woman said, as she climbed up and slowly wandered off.

I bid her farewell and took a sigh of relief at not being recognised, yet, and looked down again. “You can get up now, I know you’re awake.”

No response.

I grinned slightly, “Look at little Yuka, she looks so cute as a human, maybe we should stay here for a while.”

On cue, her eyes snapped open, “You had better be joking or I’ll rip your arm off.”

I tried to control my laughter and speak, “Of course, and you gave yourself away as being awake earlier.”

Yuka made an uncaring noise before I spoke again, “Also, you’re gonna have a little trouble ripping my arm off as you are, just thought I’d point that out, so don’t try to attack anyone.”

Yuka spoke grumpily, “Whatever.”

With a bit of peace and quiet, I sat silently, assessing the situation.

We have no idea where this orb is, theoretically it could be miles away, or even in another country, or hidden in a building or a vault.

Suddenly, I felt paper under my hand, naturally, I read what it said.

‘Your destination is within the city, and outdoors. Thought you might like to know!’

Wait, did she just read my mind or something?

For a second, I could have sworn the text on the paper changed, but by the time I looked again, it was normal again.

I sat back and closed my eyes for a moment.

No idea where to search, no hints, I guess we can only keep going until we see it, or until a lead come up.

“Hey! You had better not be falling asleep!” I heard Yuka shout.

“I’m not.” I sighed, and opened my eyes, the modern city filling my vision again, “Come on, let’s start looking, we’ve got quite a task ahead.”

Standing up, I quickly checked my pockets for anything useful. “Not much at all… Oh, my wallet!” I cheered silently at my discovery, and opened it to find I wasn’t completely bankrupt, and my debit card was there, which would be an advantage, if the bank hasn’t deactivated it due to my death.

That’s a point, gotta blend in somehow.

I quickly thought back to the encounter a moment ago.

Ha, this will be amusing.

Quickly, I stood up, and grabbed Yuka’s hand and pulled her up too.

“You’ll unhand me if you know what’s good for you.” She threatened sinisterly, still able to give a gaze that pierced the soul, despite her transformation.

“Sorry, but this is the only way I think we can blend in with the crowds.” I spoke quietly.

Yuka looked cynical, “What?”

“That old woman thought we were related, right? So if we just act that out, then we might not be so obvious.”

“What’s the big deal anyway?” She muttered under her breath.

I rolled my eyes, “You have to remember, this world isn’t as… light-hearted as Gensokyo, or used to strange stuff. If they see someone who is meant to be dead walking around with a girl that no-one has ever seen before, that someone is gonna be in hell of a lot of trouble, so I’d rather avoid that, and actually get back home.” I quickly added, “So don’t do anything to get us noticed, okay?”

Yuka grumbled something resembling ‘Whatever’

Hey look, you’re holding Yuka’s hand, shame it’s for completely the wrong reasons, and doesn’t count at all.

“So, where do you plan on going first?” Yuka asked quietly.

I paused for a moment; we could do with some high ground or something, “I’m sure we’d spot it a mile away considering how it glowed and stuff, but, that’s not exactly very easy, you can’t just walk into somewhere and go onto the top floor.”

Still clueless on what to do, I merely began to walk out of the park, trying to get a good idea on what we could possibly do to get out of this world. 
“This is stupid.” Yuka mumbled.

“You know, for once, I agree.” I replied. “Let’s sit over there a minute.”

We walked over to another bench and sat down, “Well, that was a waste of an hour, really.” I muttered.

The last hour or so had been passed by checking around the main street of the city, and the streets nearby, to no success.

“How dare those humans push me out of the way, as if I was just… just… nothing to them.” Yuka growled.

I sighed, “Believe me, that’s exactly what you are to them. Here, people care for no-one but themselves.”

Yuka just mumbled something about killing someone under her breath, while I sat back and thought about things.

“You know, I’m pretty hungry.” I mused, “If it was evening in Gensokyo when we left, and it’s in the afternoon now, it must have been a good 12 hours or so at least since I ate, longer for you?”

Yuka nodded as a reply.

“Well, I know a good little place near here.” I started, dragging Yuka with me. “You like pizza, right?”

“What?” Yuka asked, looking at me cynically.

I nodded slightly, “Should have guessed you wouldn’t have known about it.” I paused for a moment, “You like cheese, tomato and bread right?”

Yuka paused too, “Yes, and that’s what I call a sandwich.”

“No, no, it’s not like that, it’s not really like bread, it’s just the first thing I think of, it’s a lot different. You’ll have to try it, I guess.” I said as I went along.

Yuka just looked confused as we continued walking, cutting through the streets to leave the centre of the city.

“Right, we’re at a road now, so don’t run into it or you might get hit by-“ I was cut short by a car, speeding past at a ridiculous speed, engine roaring as it passed, causing Yuka to jump back.

“What, the hell was that.” Yuka questioned, slightly unnerved.

I chuckled slightly, “That was a car, remember when I told you I’d show you one, well, there it went… and here comes a load more.” I ended, as another lot of cars flew by.

“Isn’t there any peace and quiet here either?” Yuka complained.

“No, not in the city.” I quickly replied. “Anyway, thankfully, we haven’t got to cross this road, the place we’re heading for is on this side, but believe me, you don’t want to get hit by one of them. Like I said, it’s because of one of those that I first arrived in Gensokyo.”

The girl just nodded slightly as we continued walking down the street, it was quite amusing how Yuka growled when she had to move slightly for other passer-bys.

Fortunately, the sheer mass of people in the city today helps us to blend in even more, the fact I hasn’t looked at anyone else simply because I couldn’t assured me that they couldn’t do the same.

“Well, here we are.” I spoke, in a rather unenthusiastic tone. “I spent many the afternoon in here, burning time.”

Yuka just sneered and looked down on me, or attempted to, since she was only half the height of me.

“Well, let’s go I guess.” I said, opening the door to let Yuka in, and following her in.

The restaurant section of the building was relatively empty, and I couldn’t see if anyone was in the other half of the building, and due to the lack of anyone working, I just took Yuka over to a quiet table, where less people would spot us, or more particularly, me.

Minutes passed, without anything happening at all, the only sound other then Yuka examining various items of the building was another group of people, sat in the other side of the building, until a woman, wearing the red and yellow worker uniform of the restaurant entered and talked to the other crowd. As she finished and began to walk away, I loudly cleared my throat, causing her to notice me, and quickly walk over.

As she approached, she began apologising for not noticing us and asking us if we knew what we wanted, to which I replied that it’d help if we had a menu or something of the sort, causing the girl to quickly run off to retrieve some.

Soon enough the woman was back with the menus, she placed them carefully on the table before explaining she’d be back in a few minutes once we’d decided.

Yuka immediately made a noise of disgust, “Is that a pizza?” She said, as she pointed to the one on the front of the menu. “It looks hideous.”

“That’s it.” I sat back, “They taste better then they look, believe me.”

Yuka looked unhappy with the answer, and just stared back.

“I’m serious, now come on, choose something to have on the pizza.” I asked, pointing at a list of toppings.

Slowly, she read down the list and suddenly said, “Chicken.”

“Just chicken?”

“Yes.”

Suddenly, an image of Mystia entered my mind, but I quickly brushed it away.

She’s a sparrow, not a chicken.

“Decided yet?” The girl asked, having suddenly appeared beside me again.

“Yeah, just a medium plain pizza, with chicken.” I answered.

The girl nodded, “Drinks with that?”

“I’ll have a… lemonade and a…” I looked at Yuka, and took a random guess, “A cola.”

The girl nodded again and wondered off.

“What the hell is a cola?” Yuka questioned.

“A drink, you can try it soon enough.”

Yuka sighed, “I’d have preferred a cup of tea.”

“Relax, try something new, pretend you’re on holiday or something.” I laughed, “Besides, the tea here is ridiculously expensive.”

“After today you’re not going to need that money again.” Yuka countered.

I stopped a moment, “Touché… You hope, anyway.”

“Here are your drinks.” The waitress said, seemingly appearing out of nowhere again. She quickly placed them down and wandered off again.

I sighed slightly, and picked up my glass to take a drink, “You expect me to drink this stuff?” Yuka suddenly spoke up.

I sighed again, for a different reason, “What now?

“This stuff looks even worse then the pizza, I wouldn’t be surprised if it was deadly.”

I looked at her bemused, “Just drink it, it’s fine.”

“No.”

Reluctantly, I placed my drink on the table, “What about this then?”

Yuka hummed for a moment, “It looks reasonably more safe to drink.” She said, snatching the glass away.

“You’re sorta behaving like a child, you know?” I mumbled.

“I am a child.” She smirked.

Since she didn’t complain for the next few minutes, I presumed she didn’t mind it much.

More minutes of silence passed by… until Yuka crashed her fists onto the table and shouted, “How long does it take to cook something?! I have fairies that cook faster then this!”

A few seconds later, the waitress stumbled into the room, and saw Yuka as the source of the outburst.

“Good job keeping a low profile.” I whispered.

The woman started heading over to us in quite a hurry, “Oh great, she’s going to ask us to leave or something.”

As the woman approached, I prepared to apologise for the former youkai’s outburst when she dropped something on the table, and said that she was sorry, and it should be ready soon, before she ran off again.

Looking down, I saw she’d dropped a kid’s colouring book in front of Yuka, causing me to laugh uncontrollably, despite the confused and unhappy looks from Yuka. 
I snapped out of the daydream I seem to have drifted into, due to Yuka saying something about ‘her’ coming back.

The first thing I noticed as my eyes refocused was the fact that Yuka had apparently drawn fairly graphic pictures of her… slaughtering the poor waitress, amongst other humans. Quickly, I brushed the picture away from sight as I turned to see the waitress, who was fortunately carrying the pizza

She hastily placed it down on the table, and apologised for the wait and quickly left after telling us to enjoy our meal.

There was a strange silence for a moment, in which Yuka stared at the pizza. “That’s it?”

I quickly nodded, “That’s it, dig in.” I said, as I picked up a slice. “It smells great, better then the cheap ones I just nuked in a microwave.” I quickly took a bite, “Tastes better too!”

“It doesn’t look it.” Yuka commented.

“Looks can be deceiving, try a slice.” I sighed.

Hesitantly, she reached over and picked up a slice before mumbling something like “It’s as hot as hell…”

“What do you expect, it’s been cooking for god knows how long.”

Yuka looked at it for a few more seconds before taking a bite. Slowly, she began to chew it and eventually swallowed.

“Well?” I asked.

However, I got no reply, since Yuka had already taken another bite from the pizza.

Heh heh, I was right for once.

Minutes passed, in almost complete silence, since Yuka was happily munching away and I was struggling to catch up with her. Out of the blue, she spoke, “You know Haru, you should have put more then chicken on this.”

“Don’t blame me! You chose it.” I argued back.

“Didn’t stop you from having anything as well.” She calmly replied.

I just sighed to myself and continued with the meal.

Dinner is all fun and games, but that’s not getting us any closer to the way out of here.

Still, the idea of finding a high area is the only idea we have, it’s just a case of finding one we can actually get up now.

Refocusing again, I noticed that already there was only a single slice of pizza left, reaching for it, I looked up to see possibly the most evil gaze I had ever seen Yuka give, quickly I retracted my hand and allowed her to take the pizza and let her munch happily.

That was close, thought she was going to stick a knife in my chest.

A minute later, Yuka had finished her dinner, and looked fairly content, so I told her to follow me as I quickly paid for the meal and fortunately, she actually followed those orders.

As I was paying, there was a cheer from the other section of the building, which I noticed made Yuka wander away slightly to investigate. A few seconds later, the waitress finally finished and I thanked her for the meal and said goodbye before chasing after the runaway youkai.

As I approached the stationary Yuka, she said out loud, “What the hell is going on in here?” Obviously talking about the entertainment half of the building, a large room filled with computers and a stage in the far corner, and filled with a lot more people then the restaurant half of the building.

“This is where people come to play on computers with other people. You know what a computer is?” I began to lecture.

Yuka shook her head, “Well, a computer is…Well, Akyu described it as a shikigami for humans, it does all sorts of work for them.” All I got was a blank stare from Yuka, “Put it this way, as you know, killing humans is bad, and will probably end up with you being dead too. However, using a computer, you can kill other people, multiple times for fun.”

With that said, Yuka’s eyes lit up, “Let me try it.”

Once again, I let out a sigh; “We’re meant to be finding a way out of this place, not getting sidetracked all the time.

“It won’t hurt to spend a bit longer here.” She said, as she almost skipped over to the closest computer. “Now Haru, tell me how this works.”

Slowly, I walked over to her and pulled over a chair and tried to rush a computers 101 course with her to which she just scolded me and told me to just get to the bit where she gets to kill people. Reluctantly, I loaded the game that everyone else was playing and ran Yuka through what she was meant to be doing.

Although she seemed completely clueless at first, it only took her a few minutes to get the hang of things to the extent that she had started to rain rockets down upon the other, unlucky characters walking around below her, but she didn’t seem to quite grasp the meaning of teamwork, so she shot everyone regardless of what colour uniform they were wearing. Unfortunately for Yuka, she couldn’t kill her own side, causing growls of irritation from the youkai.

While Yuka enjoyed her daily dose of genocide-filled madness, I just sat back in a chair by her enjoying a cup of coffee I bought while she wasn’t paying attention. The only activity I did was falsely acknowledging Yuka when she asked if I saw her do such and such to someone.

Eventually, I was knocked out of my peaceful thoughts by the sounds of someone slaughtering an instrument. Looking up, I noticed a group of late-teens had set up their instruments on the stage, and were starting up for a session of jamming, whether the people in the room liked it or not.

Of course, it didn’t take the band long before their screeching guitars caused Yuka to scream out without me being able to stop her. “Learn to play the damn thing before you try to show off!”

Suddenly, the whole room fell silent.

Why do you do this Yuka? Always making things difficult.

A few seconds later, one of the band members, presumably the leader, spoke into his microphone, “Oh, what’s this? An unhappy listener?” The rest of his band laughed. “And I suppose you, little miss, could play better?” He laughed, causing his comrades to follow suit.

Yuka tried to hide her grin, “As a matter of fact, yes, I do think I could do better.”

The leader whispered into one of his fellow musician’s ear for a moment. “Well, then, please. Enlighten us on how to do so.” He said, with an arrogant grin.

“Show them up.” I mumbled under my breath as Yuka stood up. There was no point even attempting to stop her, I’d already learnt she wasn’t one to back down from a challenge.

Yuka marched onto the stage, despite the laughing and snickering of despite everyone in the room and stood before, and stared at the guy with the guitar.

“Have fun, little miss.” The leader said, still unable to control his arrogance while passing the guitar to the girl half his height.

Yuka fiddled with the guitar a moment, before strumming it, causing a quite horrible sound. “First, we need to fix this, which one of your smart little friends just changed.” Yuka spoke as she walked over to what looked like the amplifier and changed something on it.

Another strum caused a better sounding noise to come from the speakers, “Better, better. Can’t say the equipment is very good.” Yuka grinned to herself, causing shocked looks from the band.

A few seconds later, Yuka began to play with the guitar, playing only a little more then a complete mess, causing painful stares from everyone.

The leader stepped forward, “Okay, little miss, that’s enough, you’re goi-“ But he didn’t get very far before Yuka played an extremely loud note, leading straight into the track she played for me earlier, Inanimate Dream.

As Yuka thrashed the guitar as the song began to speed up, I took a little delight in the shock and embarrassment of the band members, having been shown up by someone appearing half their age.

A few minutes later, the song slowed down and eventually stopped, as soon as there was complete silence, the band stepped forward, with one speaking, “Okay ki-“ But was cut off right away, as Yuka started played again, except this time, it was a track I’d never heard before, it was slower then the previous track she played, but was still more then good enough to listen to.

The music finally came to an end, again, and this time, Yuka ended it with throwing the guitar at the head singer who had gloated to her so much, as he struggled to catch it, Yuka merely walked off the stage with a satisfied smile and walked back over to me.

“Come on Haru, let’s go.” She proudly spoke as she walked by, causing me to quickly finish my drink and chase after her, despite the protests of the band on the stage calling for her to come back.

When I finally caught up with Yuka, she was already out on of the building, just standing in the street, which having reached the late afternoon had fortunately calmed down quite a lot.

“Worked out where to go yet Haru?” Yuka questioned right away.

“I have a small idea of where we can go, especially for a lookout.” I grinned.

Yuka tapped her foot, “Where?”

“Like you’d know anyway, we’ll go to my university.” I reached into my pocket and flashed a card at her, “This should get me in without a problem, and there’s some of the tallest buildings in the city there, so what’s not to like?” I said, quite pleased with my plan.

“Whatever.” Yuka spoke, immediately killing the mood. “Let’s go.” She said as she started to walk away.

“Other way.” I quietly mentioned, causing her to spin around and walk beside me, I grabbed her wrist to keep up the disguise, since I noticed yet another noisy old woman was giving strange looks.

As we walked, I brought up the event that just occurred, “You sure showed those guys up on that stage.”

“I know.” Yuka said, emotionless.

“What was the second song? I hadn’t heard that one before.” I asked, trying to keep the conversation alive.

“Sleeping Terror.” She said, simply.

I paused for a moment, “That’s an odd name for a song.”

“I named it after myself.” Yuka answered immediately.

“First time I’ve ever heard you be called that.” I told her, slightly puzzled.

Yuka took a breath, “Back when I was a very young youkai, what, 50 years after I was killed. Keep in mind I wasn’t ‘born’ as a youkai until about 30 years after my death.” Yuka began to teach me on her history. “It was only when I had met other dead humans and heard of crimes they had suffered and I was told that I was going to be reborn as a human again that I lost control and became reborn as a youkai.”

I nodded, quite surprised that Yuka was telling me about her past, “When I was first a youkai, I had little control, nothing more then a feral beast. Since a youkai develops when it sleeps, that’s all I did for almost all of the time, the only other thing I did was kill those that interrupted me, earning me the name Sleeping Terror from the humans.” Yuka hummed for a minute, “I wonder if all that sleep was what created Mugenken, I don’t know. I have little recollection of those days.”

“I see.” Was all I could reply with.

The rest of the reasonably short walk was in complete silence, I wasn’t exactly sure what I should say to Yuka, so I simply came up with something less serious, “I’d tell you my past, but you wouldn’t like it, no-one died and there was no violence.” Yuka merely sneered slightly.

“Well, here we are. We’re officially on the campus now.” I claimed quite loud.

“So what? Let’s just find what we have to.” Yuka complained.

As we walked down the street towards the older, taller buildings, I saw a pile of paper ahead, and as we passed by, I took one.

“What’s that?” Yuka immediately questioned.

I quickly looked at it, “By the looks of it, it’s the newsletter.” I spoke with a grin, “I wonder if I’m in here.”

“Oh, I see. You just want to see if people miss you. How sad.” Yuka gloated.

“Be quiet.” I laughed, as I scanned through the few pages there were. “Timetables… cancelled classes… fire drill… food fight?” I continued to run through the pages. “Ah! Here we are, let’s see…”

Memo regarding student memorial site.

All students currently vandalising the memorial site of the recently deceased student, please refrain immediately or they will be reported to the police and forced to help with university jobs.

Yumemi Okazaki

Suddenly, I had my own urge to lurk amongst a flower filled area and spark those that came to cause trouble there.
“Haha, people are wrecking your grave, no-one likes you.” Yuka gloated.

“Oh, be quiet.” I grumbled.

Fairly annoyed at the article I read, I grabbed Yuka’s hand as usual and continued down the campus, when the youkai spoke out, “Don’t something about that memo strike you as odd?”

I looked down at read the note again, “Not really.”

Yuka rolled her eyes, “The name, idiot.”

“Yumemi Okazaki…” My voice drifted, “That name does sound sorta familiar.”

I quickly tried to think of where I had heard it before.

The same place you’ve heard of almost everything lately.

Akyu’s house

“That’s right… It was in a book at Akyu’s… Not the chronicle…” I struggled to remember, “Ah, it was that book about Mima, it was…” Suddenly, it all came to me, “Yumemi was a human who apparently warped into and out of Gensokyo!”

Yuka groaned, “Took you long enough.” She waited for a moment, “Well, what do you think?”

“To be honest, it’s probably more of a coincidence, why would she be here? It makes no sense.” I tried to come up with some ideas, “The most we can do is try and look her up in the staff book or something, if she’s under physics or at least science, the chances of it being her is much higher.”

Yuka brushed the answer away with a “Whatever.” And as usual, I guided her to the destination, in this case, the library, which seemed like the best place to find a book.

“You know, after seeing the Scarlet Mansion’s library, this place is pretty awful.” I spoke out, before heading over to a small section near the entrance to the library, which contained books all about the university itself, it’s history, courses and pretty much anything you needed to know about it was found here, including the yearbook, which helpfully contained the staff.

I quickly ran through the books that were there until I found the most recent book and retrieved it from the shelf, and placed it on a table so that Yuka could see as well.

Immediately, to my irritation I noticed that the staff weren’t listed in any particular order, their names changed erratically as the list continued, which started the incredibly slow process at reading every single name beneath each photo.

Minutes passed, and I broke out of my concentration at the sound of Yuka kicking the table progressively louder. “Will you stop that, it might get unwanted attention… and it’s annoying.” I mumbled.

“Well, do something helpful then.” Yuka snapped at me.

“What do you think I’m doing!? I’m looking as fast as I can!” I snapped back.

Yuka sighed audibly with an agitated tone, “Look below their names, administration. Over there, it’s archaeology. They’re listed by that, not by their name.”

Hastily, I double-checked her claim, “What do you know, you’re right, good observation.”

“Of course.”

“So, I guess we can skip all the way to Physics and check for her there.” I wondered out loud.

A minute or so later we’d finally made some progress in the search.

“Physical biology, which means that Physics can’t be-… It’s her.” I spoke, a little shocked. Staring at the photo and information of a woman named Yumemi Okazaki, the head of the Physics department, next to her photo was that of another woman noticeable due to her pigtails with the name Chiyuri Kitashirakawa beneath her, another name that I recalled from the book. “No doubt about it Yuka, it’s definitely them, if anyone can help us, they can.”

“If you can convince them.” Yuka added.

She had a point, even though Yumemi had been to Gensokyo, it still wasn’t going to be easy to make her believe us.

“There’s no harm in trying.” I replied, trying to sound hopeful.

“Of course.” The girl replied.

Fortunately, the university continued to be empty, allowing Yuka and I to travel around easily, probably due to the fact all classes had ended by this time, and the nightlife had yet to emerge.

“I hope Yumemi is still around, it’s gonna be really awkward if she’s already gone off somewhere.”

Without another thought, I pulled Yuka along as I quickly headed over to the Physics building, or at least what I always thought it was.

After another quick journey, which required a brief moment of hiding to prevent a group of former friends from seeing me, we eventually got to the Physics building, which fortunately had a sign upon entry listing all the areas, including that the head’s office was located on the top floor, much to my dismay, even if I had expected it.

“Let’s take the lift.” I casually spoke.

“A lift?” The youkai asked, hearing yet another unknown human term.

I nodded, “Yeah, that.” I pointed at the metal door, before walking over and pressing the button to call it. “It’ll save us from walking up 20 or so flights of stairs, which isn’t good.”

Suddenly, there was a ping, and the door opened. “Come on, get in.” Yuka slowly followed in, followed by myself, and I pressed the top button, causing the doors to slowly shut.

“Now what-“ Yuka quickly jumped as the lift started to move. “This thing is horrible, it’s so cramped.” Frowning and giving the impression that she was clearly not enjoying the lift.

Yuka began to look around, “This is taking too long. Make it hurry up.”

“It’s probably going as fast as it can, better then it breaking up, and dropping us 20 stories, trapping us inside and causing our deaths.” I grinned, noticing some colour leave Yuka’s face, which made me chuckle slightly, “Relax, nothing will go wrong, don’t you like the small space or something?”

Yuka merely made an unknown noise, and a few seconds later the lift stopped, followed by a ping, and the doors opening.

“See? No problem at all.” I claimed encouragingly as I walked out, “And look, the office is right here… So what do we say?”

Yuka shrugged, “Like I know. Just go along with it, they’re not going to listen to some little kid like me anyway, like those fools ignored me earlier.”

“Well, let’s go. No time like the present.” I said, as I knocked politely on the door.

For a few seconds there was no reply, until suddenly a voice shouted, “Door’s open!”

I quietly opened the door to find what looked like an empty office, full of paperwork scattered across a table, while a fridge and a few other kitchen utensils sat in a corner, and on the opposite side of the room was a desk with a computer and monitor on, from which I noticed a head appear from behind.

“Heya!” The girl shouted cheerfully, whom I immediately recognised as Chiyuri, due to her rather bright blonde hair tied into pigtails.

I slowly paced over, trailed by Yuka until I reached the table, “Ya just caught me doing some work!” She spoke, but when she looked back at the screen, the concentration in her face, followed by her hand’s position on the keyboard and mouse and the vicious movement and clicking of them suggested she was doing something less productive. “So, what can I help ya with?”

I noticed at this point that she seemed to be wearing a white uniform complete with a blue scarf-like object around her neck, certainly not something from this country, but rather most likely Japan of which I’d seen it used before, it was quite odd considering she was a teacher.

“I was hoping that I could talk to Yumemi.” I quietly asked.

She nodded, “You got problems with ya work?”

I hesitated for a moment, “Yeah, and since you’re a bit busy, it’ll probably be best to ask her.”

She laughed, “That’s good of ya, kid. She’s in her lab at the mo.” and tilted her head to the side slightly, point to a door on the side of the room. “Go ahead.”

I nodded my head slightly, “Thanks a lot. See you.”

I quickly made sure Yuka was following, and tried to keep her out of sight as I walked to the door, just as I was about to open it, I was interrupted. “Hey! Wait a second!” Chiyuri shouted.

Crap, has she seen Yuka? Is she gonna cause all hell to break loose now?

“You’re forgetting to wear a lab coat! You know how much she flips out if ya forget to wear one!” She shouted.

I badly acted like I had forgot, “Oh… yeah… She nearly ripped my head off last time.” I laughed weakly, as I picked a lab coat off the wall and passed it to Yuka before wearing one myself. “Well, here goes.” I commented again.

I let Yuka into the room before me, and entered behind her and shut the door. This room was a lot different to the last room, instead of it absolutely spotless, all the equipment of the lab was sorted and positioned perfectly, and straight away it allowed me to see where work was being done, by a single person wearing an oddly red lab coat.

I tried to sound extremely polite, to try and get a good starting impression, “Excuse me, Professor Okazaki?”

Without turning around to see us, the shoulder-length red haired woman spoke out, in a pleasant tone, “Yes? What is it?”

I gulped slightly, “I was wondering if you could… answer a few questions for us?” I noticed out of the corner of my eye that Yuka had walked over to a case of what looked like chemicals, causing me to start hoping that Yuka doesn’t get any smart ideas.

“Questions about what?” Yumemi asked, while pouring some chemicals into a concoction.

I paused for a moment, hesitating again, causing Yumemi to prompt me for an answer.

“About… Gensokyo.”

At that exact moment, Yumemi stopped her work and just stood still, “Gensokyo doesn’t exist, didn’t you read up on the Japanese Government’s statement? All work to do with Gensokyo was ceased permanently. Does that answer your question?” At this moment, Yumemi’s mood has switched to something so filled with hatred it almost felt like she was insane. “Who sent you anyway? The government? Or are you just some nameless chump from the press, sent to annoy me even now?”

I froze again, unable to think of something.

“Speak!” She demanded, almost shrieking.

“We’re from… we’re from Gensokyo.” I accidentally let the answer slip out of my mouth

May as well say the whole truth.

“Youkai, to be exact.” I sighed, causing Yumemi to burst into laughter?

“You’re from Gensokyo? That’s great, that’s hilarious! You’re youkai as well?” She laughed again, “That makes my claims of just going there seem sane!”

What felt like half a minute later, she managed to stop laughing so much, “Go on then, fly, blow something up! It was never a problem for youkai to do that!”

“Well, we can’t at the minute, we got turned into humans, had our power taken away… and sent here.” I spoke with sorrow, knowing she wasn’t going to buy it.

I was right, due to the following laughter from her, “This is hilarious! Listen, you’re an adult, it’s time to stop pretending you’re a monster and all that, that’s for kids.”

Eventually, the laughter turned to silence, and Yumemi sighed, “Now leave, you’re wasting my time and distracting me, and if I make a mistake with this chemical, it will probably blow this whole floor up.”

I looked at Yuka, who had lost interest in the chemicals, thankfully, and had instead moved over to various other machines but was looking at Yumemi’s performance, upon catching my eye contact she just shrugged.

There’s gotta be a way to prove we’re from there.

“What about you, Yumemi? I know you went there, to Gensokyo.” I shouted to her.

“Leave it alone and go.” She ordered.

I grinned slightly, “In fact, I bet you want to go back!”

There was a bang, followed by her lifting her fist from the table, “Leave now, if I’ll get you removed by force.”

Last chance.

“Hell, I bet you just want to meet up with everyone you met there… Reimu Hakurei, Marisa Kirisame, Mima…” I drifted off, not knowing anyone else who was in that incident.

I sighed and stopped, before noticing the room had gone silent.

“Where… where did you get those names from?” Yumemi asked, a lot more timidly then before.

“I’ve met them, obviously.”

“We never told anyone about who we met, at least by name, and it should be… impossible to find out who they are.” Yumemi pondered out loud in a daze.

I took the offensive in the conversation, “Are you saying you believe us now?”

“I… I think I do, I shouldn’t but, there isn’t any other explanation, we saw to that…” Yumemi continued to sound dazed and confused.

I chuckled slightly. “Well, if you want your final piece of proof, look at my face.” I confidently spoke, causing her to turn around showing her brown, almost red eyes, which straight away showed that she was trying to remember my face from somewhere, to which I instantly answered, “Let’s just say I’m a student who took a fall recently.”

It took a few moments for the words to sink in, but eventually her face lit up as she remembered, “You… you died!”

I know I did, “A one way ticket to Gensokyo… or so I thought.”

Yumemi still had a quite confused look, but at least it looked a bit more understanding then a moment ago, “I think we should talk, not here though, let us go to my office.” With that, she walked over to the wall where there seemed to be a speaker or something, she pressed a button and spoke out, “Chiyuri, we have a meeting with some visitors in my office, the usual please.”

“Righto!” The playful voice of Chiyuri chirped back through the speaker.

“Please, follow me.” Yumemi calmed said, as she walked over to the door, unbuttoning her lab coat and placing it on a hook next to the door as she opened it and left.

With a sigh of relief I looked at Yuka, and quickly jumped and grabbed her hand, which was approaching the chemicals that Yumemi had just described, “Let’s not kill us all, shall we?” I sarcastically spoke, before I dragged her over to the exit and hastily pushed her out.
Walking back into the office I followed Yuka’s actions and took off my lab-coat, only difference being that I hung mine back up, rather then Yuka’s careless discarding of the item on the floor.

The sound of Yumemi’s voice caused me to turn my head in the direction of Chiyuri’s desk, which was now empty, but Yumemi was stood in a doorway behind it, “In here, please.”

With a quick nod, I followed her instruction, after making sure the young youkai was following me.

In the office, it was a lot neater then the previous office; clearly that office was the less reliable Chiyuri’s. Yumemi was already seated behind her desk, and mentioned to some chairs in front of it, “Take a seat, if you please.”

With a lack of a better alternative, I did as she told, followed by Yuka and simply sat down. A few seconds later, Chiyuri walked into the room and placed on the desk, oddly enough, what looked like a bowl of strawberries and another, smaller bowl filled with cream, to which immediately, Yumemi picked up a strawberry and ate it, “Mm, help yourself.” She said, as Chiyuri sat down beside her.

I continued to sit back, but Yuka dug into them, and started to happily chomp on the strawberries, suddenly during the silence, Yumemi cleared her throat and began to speak, “Well, I think you had best start from the beginning.”

Chiyuri interrupted, “Eh, what are you talking about? I thought this was about, you know, physics and stuff.”

“No, Chiyuri, these two here, they’re from Gensokyo.” Yumemi announced.

Chiyuri shouted cheerfully, “What! Really?! That’s great!” But was immediately stopped by Yumemi striking her on the back of her head. “Hey! Hey! Hey! What was that for?!”

“You idiot, we’ve been studying science for how long now? Have you forgot all about proof? You should always see sufficient proof before you believe in something!” The red scientist lectured.

Chiyuri nursed the back of her head, “That’s no excuse to hit me…” Suddenly, she became composed again, and looked at Yuka and I, “So then, prove that you’re from Gensokyo!”

She was interrupted by another strike to the head, “You idiot, it’s too late now! But if someone is claiming they’re from Gensokyo of all places, the chances are… The chances are more likely of a pig flying!”

Chiyuri pondered out loud, “Well, if we combined the DNA with something that could fly and somehow triggered an evolutio-“ The same interruption occurred again.

“It’s a figure of speech you idiot!” Yumemi said, as she pulled her hand back and turned to look at us, “Sorry about that you two, Chiyuri can be quite… insensible at times, especially considering her job. Please, explain.”

I slowly went over my story first, considering I knew it more then Yuka’s, starting from that fateful car crash, my adventures in Gensokyo, my short-lived ‘resurrection’ and finally my return to Gensokyo and then how’d we get into this mess in the first place, filling in what I knew about Yuka at times, since she didn’t seem to be in a particular hurry to talk about her past, as usual.

“That is quite the amazing story.” Yumemi honestly says. “I’d never have thought that you could access Gensokyo like that, several times. I must admit, I am quite jealous, Chiyuri and I have been trying to get back there since we appeared back here.”

“Yup.” Chiyuri replied, simply.

“I presume you liked it there then.” I laughed.

“Of course, what’s not to like about it? And of course, I still desire data on youkai, or rather magic, which I failed to gather last time, and became a laughing stock as a result…” Yumemi answered, filling with sorrow as the sentence continued.

The was an uneasy silence fill the room for a few seconds, before Yumemi straightened her bowtie slightly, cleared her throat and began to talk again, “One question, why did you come here?”

I stopped for a moment, “Well, we were wondering if you could help us in any way.”

Yumemi brushed some hair away from the front of her face, “Like I said, we’ve been trying to get back there for years, and we wouldn’t be here if we did.”

“What about finding our powers? They’re in this world, and we can supposedly get back to Gensokyo when we find them.” I quickly replied, not wanting to lose this discussion.

Yumemi held her head in thought and spun around in her chair even after a few seconds, saying nothing, generating an uneasy silence.

The silence was getting deadly with anticipation until, still facing away, Yumemi spoke, almost at a whisper. “Chiyuri, what do you think? Should we try it?” I noticed she emphasized the word ‘it’.

Chiyuri thought for a moment, sounding oddly serious, “I think we should, it’s the best opportunity we’ll ever get for it. Final decision is yours though, boss.”

A few more seconds passed before Yumemi cleared her throat again, “Very well, Chiyuri, please, go and get the book.” I noticed she had emphasised a word again.

Chiyuri nodded, and walked over to a nearby shelf, automatically picking up a book without even needing to look for it, it was quite an old looking, brown covered book, decorated by images of magical seals and generally something that looked out of place in a room of science.

Chiyuri handed the book to Yumemi who flicked through the book before closing it again, and placing it in front of her. “Do you have a knife on you?” She asked her assistant.

I shook my head, while Yuka was too busy seemingly not caring about the situation, causing Chiyuri to speak again, “I’ll go get one.”

Ancient looking book, knife, if she asks for a goat next, I’m going to worry about what secret pagan sect I’ve discovered.

Yumemi idly munched on a few more strawberries until Chiyuri burst into the room again, wielding a knife, and if we didn’t know better from the fashion she entered the room, I’d be scared for my life.

“Here ya go boss!” She said cheerfully, passing the knife to her friend.

“Thank you, Chiyuri.” The red scientist said, as she took the knife and immediately began to run the knife along the inside of the cover.

Hidden something inside the cover of a book? How cliché.

As she peeled the cover away though, I was fairly surprised to see that there was nothing there, leaving Yuka and I with confused expressions, but Yumemi remained looking calm, confusingly.

She poked the cover with the knife and the lifted the knife as if she was prying something out and then seemed to grab this invisible object and held it in front of her.

Has her insanity gone kaboom?

“Tell me, what do you see here?” Yumemi looked up at us, with a grin.

I looked at Yuka, who was equally clueless. “Nothing.”

“Exactly! But this, this is the hidden truth.” Yumemi presented.

I remained silent, in a way explaining Yuka to say something impatiently, but she didn’t.

“What I told you earlier, about our work, including the data we recorded, being taken by the government… It was a lie, a well crafted, well hidden lie.” Yumemi begins to lecture again. “When we got back from Gensokyo, I was ecstatic, even if it was incomplete, I had data regarding magic, enough to prove my theory at least, I couldn’t wait to present it to the other scientists and finally be recognised, but as you know I was betrayed…”

Yumemi spoke again quickly, “However, even unknowing to I, the data I presented to them wasn’t the original, because she’d predicted it and copied the data onto a replica.” Yumemi giggled slightly, “You see, she isn’t quite the ditz you think she is.”

“Hey…” Chiyuri weakly objected.

“Anyway, after the betrayal, we’d been told to pack our belongings and leave, but since they’d already taken everything even related to the work, it was quite obvious they’d want to check it, so, we ended up using one of our… lesser known inventions.” At that instance, Yumemi pulled her hands apart, suddenly making two black sheets of some material appear in her hands. “When these two sheets are placed together, they practically wipe each other from existence, it can’t be seen or easily detected, x-rays, metal detectors, you name it and it probably can’t do anything, and even more, smaller objects can be sandwiched in it and retain that effect, for instance… A CD?” She said, as she pulled one from the back of one of the sheets.

“You know, it woulda been really awkward if it wasn’t ther-“ Chiyuri said, before being greeted with another slap around the back of her head.

“Quiet. Anyway, what you see here is in fact the original recording of data, which has been hidden for ten long years, and now, we finally have a use for it.”

“What?” I asked, naturally intrigued.

Yumemi coughed, “We’re going to use sensors to see if we can detect anything that matches the data on this CD.”

Chiyuri cut in, “When we first tried it, all those years ago, there was nothing picked up at all, so if we get even one hit then we know we’re on to something!”

“Chiyuri is correct. You know what to do Chiyuri, upload it into the three government sensors in the city, we’ll start from there.” Yumemi ordered.

“Gotcha, boss.” Chiyuri walked out of the room, and a few seconds later burst into the room dramatically again with a laptop under her arm.

Chiyuri grabbed the CD and placed it in the laptop and then typed for a while before looking up, “It’s just scanning now, but you know Yumemi, if they’re keeping an eye on us, they’re gonna know about this just from the signals.”

“What are they going to do? Take it off us? Too late for it.” Yumemi laughed, almost villainously.

Yumemi and Chiyuri just stared at the screen leaving the two of us in suspense until Yuka sighed and stood up and looked at the laptop too, “Boring.” And with that, she walked back and sat down again.

Only because there’s no violence, Yuka.

More uneventful minutes passed.

Looks like we’re out of lu-

“Whoa! We got something!” Chiyuri practically screamed.

Yumemi’s attention suddenly snapped back to the computer, “What? Where?”

“Lemme triangulate it.” Chiyuri spoke, already typing.

“Well, where is it?” Yumemi asked, as impatient as the two of us.

“It’s…” Chiyuri spoke slowly. “It’s, the signal is coming strongest from…”

“Well?”

“From… the hospital!” Chiyuri cheered.

I gave out a large sigh, causing strange looks from the others, until the penny finally dropped for Yumemi.

“Ah, that’s…”

“Yeah, that’s where I jumped, I should have thought to look there from the first place, and Yukari’s the kind of person whose sense of humour is to put things at places like that.” I mumbled.

Surprisingly, Yumemi was the first to stand up. “Well, what are we waiting for? Let’s go and find your powers. Chiyuri, meet us downstairs, bring the laptop, batteries, sensor equipment and anything else you can thing of.”

“Sure thing.” She cheerfully said, scooping up the laptop and taking it out of the room.

Yumemi walked over to the door too, “Come on, we’ll go by car, it’s much quicker.” At that moment, I noticed Yuka’s face lost a little colour.

Yuka doesn’t like cars? This’ll be fun.

“Alright, thanks for the help, by the way.” I said to Yumemi as we walked by her.

“No problem, you’re doing me a favour as well, since I will be taking some readings for my own use.” She laughed.

Yuka sneered, but I simply replied, “I sort of guessed you would, since you asked Chiyuri for that sensor stuff.”

Yumemi only replied with laughter as she guided us out of her office and into the lift for another ride, much to Yuka’s disapproval. 
“That’s your car?” I asked, looking at the sleek red sports car in front of me.

“Yes, what’s wrong with it?” Yumemi asked curiously.

I shrugged, “Nothing, nothing at all, I just expected you to have a larger car, I did get the bit about it being red right though.”

Thinking about it, with her positions it’s not illogical for her to be quite rich.

“We just need to wait for Chiyuri now.” Yumemi said as she stood beside the car.

“Oh, I thought this was your car.” I asked quietly.

“It is.” She replied. “Chiyuri has the keys, she drives it after all.”

Is Chiyuri an assistant or a personal slave or something? I’m beginning to think it’s the latter.

Just a minute or so later, Chiyuri appeared, holding about 3 bags at the same time but seemed to be coping quite well. As she approached the car, she carelessly dropped some of the bags onto the floor to reach into one of her pockets and produced a key ring, and a few seconds later, the car clicked, as it was unlocked. “Hop in!” She said cheerfully afterwards.

I wasn’t sure if she’d noticed, but the size of the car, though it had enough room to fit the equipment in the boot, wasn’t so generous when it came to passengers in the back of the car.

Easier for Yuka then myself, I managed to squeeze into the back of the car, albeit uncomfortably and simply waited for whatever was going to happen, until I noticed Yuka poking me on the arm.

“What the hell’s that?” She said, and I noticed she was poking the seatbelt I’d naturally put on.

“It’s called a seatbelt, you wear it, and if Chiyuri messes up and hits something, it’ll make you a little less likely to die.” I explained with a grin.

“Thanks for the confidence.” Chiyuri shouted, forcing various equipment into the boot of the car.

Yuka turned and grabbed the seatbelt, and yanked it towards her, causing it to lock, “What the hell, it’s stuck…” She complained, causing her to apply even more force, to little success, “Damn thing… broken…”

“Try letting go.” I said, trying to keep myself from laughing.

She did so, causing the belt to reel back, and she grabbed it again, “Try not being so forceful.” She looked at me as if I was stupid, but tried anyway, and seemed a tad surprised when the belt did, actually give way.

A few seconds of fumbling and looking at my seatbelt later, she had managed to plug the seatbelt in, and made some weird yelping noise, “This is meant to save you!? It’s about choking me! Stupid humans.”

“You don’t like humans, do you?” Yumemi spoke normally, now seated.

“Of course I don’t. You even said it earlier, they stole your work, humans only look out for their own good, corrupted, wastes of space.”

“…” There was little to no reply from Yumemi, I couldn’t quite tell if she said something under her breath or whether it was something to do with the car starting up.

Once again to my amusement, I noticed Yuka remained highly alert while the car began to move, and it wasn’t until a minute or so of travelling that she began to calm down slightly and relax at which point she noticed me watching.

“Flying is much better, isn’t it?” I laughed.

Yuka closed her eyes, “Most certainly.”

“I third that notion!” Chiyuri shouted cheerfully.

I closed my eyes for a moment, thinking about it, we’d been awake for a long time now, most of the day in Gensokyo and then being sent to a different time zone of which even more hours had passed.

“You know, I think I agree with you.” Yumemi spoke, as thought she was in the middle of thinking something.

“Of course! Flying was great!” Chiyuri shouted again.

“No, what was said before that. Humans being corrupt.” Yumemi sighed, “We’ve been backstabbed for what we spent our whole lives doing, and after some thought, even when we complete this data, it’s not going anywhere.”

“What do ya mean?” Chiyuri quickly asked.

“I worked on this to help mankind, if we found a way to artificially create magic, provide unlimited energy, flight, all those sort of things, the world would be a better place.” Yumemi looked up in thought. “That wouldn’t happen though, instead, the damn idiots in charge would just use it as another weapon to squabble amongst each other for land and resources, it’d just become an even easier way to kill people then what there is now, and I don’t want to be the one responsible for that.”

An awkward silence filled the car for a few minutes. “We’ll just keep it to ourselves, right?” Chiyuri said cheerfully, yet carefully.

“Yes, we’ll find a way.” Yumemi nodded, before suddenly snapping out of her sadness, “Turn left here Chiyuri.”

“We can’t.” Chiyuri answered, before being hit by Yumemi.

“Why not!?” Yumemi demanded.

“Because it’s a one way street, from the other way!” Chiyuri argued back, returning the hit.

“There was no-one coming! We could have got through!” Yumemi shouted, volleying another hit.

Chiyuri groaned, “It doesn’t work that way! This is why I’m the only one of the two of us who has a licence now!”

“It’s not my fault they make such ridiculous rules!” Yumemi argued back.

I looked at Yuka, and she looked at myself, and just from her expression, I knew that for once we shared the same thoughts on the situation, and almost at the same time, we sighed and just let Chiyuri and Yumemi handle the rest of the journey as they were. 
The car screeched slightly as it came to quite an abrupt stop, having pulled into the hospital’s car park not a few seconds ago, Chiyuri spotted an empty parking space and someone heading for it causing her to endanger our lives while she catapulted the car into the space before the other car could.

Ending with a jolt, Yuka groaned slightly, “Why do human inventions always seem to be death-traps?” She muttered under her breath.

“Well, we’re here.” Yumemi announced, “The sensor is picking something up, so it couldn’t have been a mistake.” Yumemi then looked back at the small device in her hand, poking the touch screen for whatever purposes she was doing.

“Hey, Haru, there it is.” Yuka said, tugging on my sleeve while pointing out of the car window, before opening the car door and practically pulling me out. “Up there, see it?”

With little idea what she meant at first, I looked up at where she was pointing, the top of the hospital, and after a moment I saw it, there was a small growing orb, almost like a miniature sun floating stationary.

“That’s our powers that Yukari took off us, right?” I checked.

Yuka nodded, “We just need to get up there now.”

“What are you talking about?” Yumemi asked, stood behind the two of us.

“That floating orb, up there.” I replied, slightly motioning to the roof where it sat in the air.

“I don’t see anything.” The scientist frowned.

“Me neither!” Chiyuri spoke over her boss.

“I guess it makes sense, it could be natural so only we can see our own powers, or maybe Yukari just made it so only we can see it to stop hundreds of humans crowding around and trying to get to this magical orb of light.”

“Long as it ain’t some weird group hallucination!” Chiyuri chirped, getting an evil look from Yumemi.

“Chiyuri, please get the equipment, we’ll head straight there, there’s no point is messing around.”

“Roger, boss.” The assistant said, as she collected the couple of bags from the boot, before closing it, and making the car emit a clicking noise, followed by a beep to signify that it was locked.

“Hey, wait, don’t lock it yet, you’ve forgotten something!” Yumemi quickly called out.

Chiyuri sighed, and unlocked the car, “Go ahead.”

Yumemi hastily moved over to the boot of the car and opened it, seemingly moved a few things around and finally stood straight again, holding what looked like a cloth or something in her hands. Almost rehearsed, she shook the cloth-like object causing it to unfold and drop to the ground, allowing me to finally realize what it was, a cape.

Without a care, she swung the cape around her, catching it on either shoulder before tying the cape before securing it under her collar, with that, she finally looked satisfied and ordered Chiyuri to head to the hospital.

“Any reason you’re wearing a cape?” I asked, slightly confused.

“Why not?” Yumemi answered simply.

“Call it her version of a comfort blanket.” Chiyuri whispered.

Even more confused, I answered with a simple “What?”.

“She’s always worn a cape, for some reason, even at school, during exams. Anything serious, she’d wear it, much to the amusement of others.”

Yumemi interrupted, “But they didn’t get 100% in every exam and become one of the most renowned scientists in the world, did they? Despite the fact they were what, 5 years older than us?”

“Whatever you say, boss.” Chiyuri said, without a care.

Slowly, we began the rather short walk to the hospital, on the way, Yumemi began talking, “Listen, we go straight in, and straight to the elevator and then to the top floor. We can’t risk you being spotted by anyone, so don’t do anything to grab any attention”

Says the one wearing a cape.

“Well, let’s go, the end is near!” Chiyuri cheerfully spoke, as she walked through the automatic door.

And so, here I was, inside the lobby of the hospital of which I had jumped from, and died just a few days ago.

Thankfully, everyone seemed too occupied with their own work to take any notice of every individual person that came into the hospital, especially since it was so busy.

“Over there, we can use that lift to go straight to the top.” Yumemi quickly ordered.

With the scientists leading, I tried to blend in as I followed them, not trying to look suspicious, despite how easy it was to do so while also making sure Yuka was holding my hand and trying to look the part.

What felt like an hour later, we finally crossed the lobby to the lift, Yumemi pressed the button and slowly, the lift started to descend, to pick us up.

“Nearly there now, near there.” I spoke quietly.

There was a small pinging noise to signify the lift had arrived, and slowly the doors began to open, but then the worst case scenario happened. Inside the lift was none other than the nurse who took care of me in my final few days, and she immediately noticed, and recognised me.

“A-ah! You-You’re...” She spoke, highly shocked.

Quickly, I looked at Yumemi and motioned to the lift discreetly, she nodded and dragged Chiyuri in and soon enough the doors closed and they began to ascend to the destination.

Think fast, we need an excuse. Everything depends on this.

My mind struggled, in the raging storm it was fighting to try and find some logic, until finally I came out with, “Excuse me, you wouldn’t happen to be a nurse would you?”

The girl physically seemed to calm down a bit, and gradually replied, “Y-yes, can I help you?”

“Oh, great, now I was informed that my... my brother was admitted into here a few days ago, hit his head pretty bad or something. So my daughter and I rushed here as fast as we could.” I began lying so much, Tewi Inaba would be proud.

“Your... Your brother?” The nurse asked shyly.

“Yeah, you seem to recognise me so I presume you know him, we’re identical after all.” I laughed.

You’re skating on really thin ice, you know?

“Well, listen, I think you should follow me, we have some news to tell you then.” The nurse slowly began to speak, unsure on what to believe.

She’s gonna tell you that you’re dead, isn’t that strange?

The nurse turned, and recalled the lift which soon reappeared, empty of any red or white scientists and she waved her arm to signal us to enter and pressed a button to activate the lift, but not high enough for the destination Yuka and I needed, sadly.

The nurse remained silent, as the lift rose and arrived at its destination, and afterwards beckoned us to follow her until we finally got to what looked like an office type room.

Following another signal from her arm, I sat down on a chair, and made sure Yuka also did so and finally the nurse spoke, “Your brother, he was admitted with nothing major, somehow the crash he was in barely scratched him, apart from a hit to the head, which sent him unconscious for a few days.”

“Yes, I was informed of that, but I heard he also woke up.” I stated, covering my mouth as though in thought, but actually covering my smile.

“When he woke up, there was nothing wrong, or so we thought, but something, unusual... happened.” The nurse began to explain, “I don’t suppose your... daughter... would leave the room for a moment?”

And let Yuka roam the hospital without me watching her? I think not, she’d probably unplug someone’s life support for fun.

“She will stay, you might not think so, but she’s probably older than me mentally.” I tried to sound serious.

“I see...” The nurse went quiet for a moment, “I don’t know how to say this, but, your brother killed himself...”

“He... what?!” I shouted, trying to sound surprised.

Everyone thought he was doing fine, and to be honest he was getting close to a full recovery, and then one day, he snuck outside and just... leapt off the building, I’m surprised you didn’t hear about it, it’s been... quite well publicized”.

“I didn’t hear of anything like this, I live... outside of this country, last I heard, he was still recovering, and he just killed himself?”

“Yes. There were no messages or reasons or anything.” The nurse apologetically spoke, close to crying. “I-I should go and get a doctor to explain things to you further.”

Can’t let that happen, come on think, there’s gotta be an easy way out.

I closed my eyes, trying to look like someone mourning and in thought, when I asked, “Are his belongings here? I’d like to see if he left any messages.”

“We do, the police have already checked, and dismissed them, they couldn’t find anything of the sort.” The nurse explained once more, looking slightly odd at my proposal.

“They don’t know how we hid messages. If it’s anything important, we’d always hide the message in the cover of a book, they could easily have missed it.” I lied once more, using Yumemi’s trick with the data CD for my own excuse.

The nurse nodded, “I see. Please wait here; I shall only be a moment.” The nurse nodded her head and she hastily left the room.

The room was silent for a few seconds before I spoke again, “Come on Yuka, we’re going.”

“Huh, don’t you want to get your stuff?”

I shook my head, “No, there’s nothing important, and plus, I already have my stuff remember. I don’t know if Yukari’s magic just cloned it, or stole it, but we shouldn’t risk it. If she finds there’s nothing wherever she’s gone, she’ll know it’s actually me.”

Yuka nodded in understanding and stood up, which I soon followed. “Come on, straight to the elevator.

As we began the rather short journey back, I whispered, “Quickly, try to walk as fast as you can without looking suspicious.” Another shake of the head gave her confirmation, “Oh, right, hand.” The former-youkai sighed and let me grab her hand as we raced through the hospital.

“There it is, there’s the lift!” I cheered quietly, without another thought, I had pressed the button and the lift had started to descend to our floor.

“Hey! Where are you going?” A voice called.

“Oh no, not her again.” I cursed under my breathe.

Racing around the corner was the nurse, I was unsure if she’d just noticed us gone, or the items gone, but I think she’d finally given in to her paranormal suspicions. “Someone! Stop them!”

A dinging noise snapped me out of my panic, as the doors opened behind me, without another second passing, I jumped back, pulling Yuka with me and hit the button for the roof repeatedly. At the same time, what appeared to be a security guard was running at the lift.

“Close! Close! Close!” I started muttering, as I hit the button more and more, even though I knew it wouldn’t speed the doors up any more.

The doors however, did their job, and they shut and the lift began to ascend without any unwanted passengers, just Yuka and I. I slumped down against the wall and sighed loudly, “That was too close, way too close.”

A few seconds of peace later, the lift made its usual noise and the doors opened, “Hey, you actually made it! Nice one!” The voice of the younger scientist greeted us. “Yumemi was beginning to start saying you wouldn’t make it up here!”

“I did not!” Yumemi shouted, and she hit the other scientist on the back of the head. “Anyway... the time you spent... having fun, has given us time to set everything up, so go right ahead, get back your powers, I believe they’re over there.” Yumemi pointed to one of the edges of the building, where I could just see some of the glow from the powers. “I still can’t see them, but with these sensors, I can and I can also read every bit of data regarding your powers... It’s fascinating... The sheer values and raw energy, it’s almost impossible to comprehend.” It was obvious by her voice that she was highly excited, and vividly interested in her work at the same time.

“Yeah! Go for it!” Chiyuri shouted, joyfully.

“Well then, shall we?” I spoke as I turned to Yuka, who had already begun walking over. “You could at least wait for me!” I complained as I ran slightly to catch up.

She’s already returning to normal.

“Whoa, Yumemi, look at this.” Chiyuri said, sounding quite surprised.

“What is it?”

I turned to see Chiyuri typing rapidly on the computer, “Some readings are going absolutely off the scale.”

“What readings?” Yumemi demanded, as she moved to look at the screen,

“D-Dimensional stability. This makes no sense. We haven’t had any readings like this since... that time.” Chiyuri went quiet for a moment, “The readings are getting stronger!”

“At this rate, surely, there’d be a hole in the fabric of reality itself?” Yumemi thought out loud.

Somehow, I knew what it was, and by the looks of it, so did Yuka, and just to confirm our thoughts, between us and our powers, a purplish-red gap began to open.
“Well, I must admit, you’re not very fun at all, are you?” Yukari’s voice echoed out, “I expected to get a lot more fun out of you before you found this place.”

With that said, Yukari hopped out of the gap, and sat down on another as she’s known to.

“Such an amazing bit of luck for you though, to find those two.” She whimsically chatted as the gap flew over to the pair of scientists, leaving the larger gap suspended ominously in the air. “It’s been a long time since I saw you two! How are you doing?”

“What are you talking about, we’ve never met.” Yumemi spoke, facing up to Yukari.

“Of course, I never said that, did I? I said I’d seen you, for reasons of my own!” Yukari continued to not give anything away in the conversation.

Yukari covered most of her face with her fan, “Tell me, why you could never get back to Gensokyo?”

“Because my, our work, was taken away.” Yumemi replied.

“No, no. Before that, like straight away, as soon as you got back.” Yukari continued to probe.

“The equipment was damaged.” Yumemi continued to stare down Yukari.

“My, my, now, I wonder what could have done that, first you appear back in this world without doing anything with your machine, and then it breaks by itself, such a mystery” Yukari’s voice started to shift to that of something tormenting.

Yumemi stood up to the youkai, “You don’t wonder, you know. Tell me!”

Yukari closed her fan, “Okay, I will, but it might hurt a bit.” Yukari then put her face literally an inch or two away from Yumemi’s, “Your machine never worked in the first place. I did everything.”

“What the hell are you talking about?”

“Your logic! It was flawed, your technology, undeveloped. So I took the liberty of hooking your machine up to some Lunarian technology in your ‘working experiment’ and then I simply whisked you away to Gensokyo, you knew no better!” Yukari spun 180 degrees, “I was a bit careless on the return trip, I dropped you slightly and damaged things, awfully sorry.”

“You... you... YOU RUINED MY LIFE, CHIYURI’S LIFE!” Yumemi sprung up, but was immediately restrained by Chiyuri.

Yukari sneered, continuing to look away, and began to fly back over to the two of us. “You try and do a good deed for someone, and they end up hating your guts, that’s not very nice, maybe I should be a villain.”

Surprising to me, Yuka had, and was still remaining silent, despite the fact I could sense the pure rage emitting from her.

“So yes, let’s play the villain. Whoooooops!” The gap youkai shouted comically as she spun around, and to my horror, she somehow moved the orb containing our powers at least 5 or so metres away from the building, “Oh no! How did that happen? So clumsy of me!” Yukari looked over to the orb, “Ooo, looks like you’re gonna have to jump for that one, let’s make things even more interesting, shall we?”

At that instance, a terrifying grin appeared on her face, and almost faster than the eye could register, she reached into her clothes and pulled out a spell card.

“Now, here’s the next game, my beloved playthings! Dodge my nasty, painful spell card and jump far enough to get your powers back to win! Isn’t this fun!” Yukari laughed, almost insanely.

That familiar noise of the lift pinged, signifying its arrival, “Oh great, they’re here too now, more problems.”

“Now, we can’t have anyone interrupting! Go away!” Yukari shouted playfully and waved her fan slightly causing the lift to drop at an abnormal speed.

“You, just killed them?” I spoke quietly.

“Maybe, what do you care, now come on, let’s play!” Yukari shouted, as though she'd lost control of her emotions.

Eerily, everything went silent, like the calm before the storm, but as to be expected, Yukari broke that silence.

“Well, let’s get right to the interesting bits! Let’s skip all of these and get to the fun ones!” She became apparent she was referring to her spell cards, since she grabbed a handful and threw them into the wind. “This will start nicely, Border of Life and Death!”

That was enough to break Yuka’s silence, “What the hell is up with you, you pathetic coward?! Too afraid to just fight me normally?”

“Aren’t you just adorable? Still, who cares!?” Yukari switched the tone of her voice, as she suddenly launched a barrage of bullets at the two of us.

“Haru, look for the gaps, weave through them.” Yuka tried to give me some last minute advice.

The bullets weren’t very bad at first, even a complete notice to fights such as I had no problem dodging, but then Yukari began to throw more and more bullets, laughing becoming more and more unstable.

Not only was the torrent of bullets physically exhausting, but also mentally, the sheer range of colours now appearing was beginning to get fairly disorientating.

“Yuka, having a bit of trouble now...” I mumbled.

Yuka shouted back, “Just hold on, damn it!”

Suddenly, the bullets were gone, every single one, everything remained still, until you could even see Yukari’s eye twitch slightly, obviously, she wasn’t expecting that either.

The situation was explained, when a glance to the scientists showed the two of them, holding what looked like strange ray guns or something, aimed at Yukari, obviously, they’d somehow managed to catch her off-guard and cancel the spell.

“More pests, my word, there’s just so many of them!” Yukari cried in feign-shock, before holding her arm in the direction of the scientists, and instantly, an odd green bubble appeared around them, a small amount of laser fire later; it was apparently they couldn’t escape from it.

“Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear, looks like I only have one card left, how stupid of me to throw them all away.” Yukari’s voice rose, like she was presenting something to a crowd, “It’s Danmaku Bounded Field time! Wooooo!”

I’ve never seen Yukari like this, it’s seriously like she has lost every grain of sanity, I’ve never even heard of her being this bad.

I suddenly felt something hit my side, and looked to see Yuka huddled up next to me.

“W-what’s wrong, Yuka?” I asked, unnerved.

“We’re done for.” Yuka answered, simply.

I grinned, like it was a joke, “You’re kidding, right?”

“No, this spell’s always the same, you need to fly through certain gaps in her pattern, we can’t fly, we can’t dodge it, we get hit, it’s over.”

Suddenly, there were hundreds upon hundreds of crashes, as bullets began to be spewed out of multiple gaps, circling us. Seconds passed by, and the bullets didn’t stop appearing, just forming a layer of pink death around us.

“See what I mean, Haru. We needed to get through there.” Yuka pointed at a small gap, located at least 8 metres off the ground.

The crashing noise eventually stopped, and starting ever so slowly at first, the projectiles began to move forward, towards us.

Is this it? Is this the end? There’s no options left.

Yukari appeared again, ironically in the gap where the bullets began to pass by her, the gap we needed to have been in to survive. In her hand was the spell card that she was twirling around with her fingers, just done in a fashion that made her even more unlikeable.

Science has no options left, there’s no magic left for us, the only thing left is... what, an act of god.

I laughed to myself, causing Yuka to stare at me oddly, by now, the bullets were only a few metres away.

Without warning, there was a flash, the tone in Yukari’s voice gave me some hope, and at the instance I looked at her, I saw an impossible sight, a blast of energy, different to the scientists pierced right through the card, and struck by Yukari, visibly marking her chin.

All the bullets around us froze in place, before exploding while disintegrating at the same time suddenly allowing the twilight sky to look down on us once more, and at the same time, we were able to see the cause of this upset.

Floating next to the gap that Yukari never closed, was the deity herself, Mima. “It looks like you could do with a hand!” She laughed.

“You could have helped earlier!” Yuka shouted back, trying to shout annoyed, but you could tell she was, as you’d expect, thankful.

“Game’s over, Yukari. You can leave now.” Mima spoke, deadly serious, staff pointed at Yukari.

Yukari looked down at the floor, despite wearing a large grin on her face, “I see, well, I guess I’ll just- Go Ran!” Yukari shouted as she reached into a gap and threw her Kitsune at us, flying right past Mima and landing next to us.

The fox looked at us, looking truly sorry and apologetic, and said, “Sorry, I don’t want to do this, but, I have to obey my master, don’t struggle or anything.”

Ran, in no hurry at all, reached into a pocket and pulled out some spell cards, and flicked through a few, “This should suffice, I guess.” She mumbled.

As she opened her mouth to speak, the only noise I could hear was “Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa-“

What the heck is th-

At that very split-second, my mind captured the image of a broom handle flying straight into Ran’s left temple. “-HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.” From the force, Ran was sent flying across the roof of the building, and as you’d expect, she didn’t get back up afterwards.

Circling around, Marisa circled back around and stopped in front of us, “You do what you gotta to do! Lady Mima and I have got these two!” She spoke joyfully, before zooming off and filling the sky with lasers,

Yuka looked at me, “Come on, let’s go.” With a simple nod, we both ran to the edge of the building.

“Ran, stop them, quick!” Yukari screeched, firing bullets of her own at us, and the distance meant that Marisa and Mima were too far away to shield us.

Either we both die or just one of us. It’s obvious which is the better choice.

I grabbed Yuka by her arm, “You’re not thinking...” Yuka spoke, “We’ll never make i-“ She was cut short, as I ran the final few steps and jumped clear off the building, towards the shining sun that was our powers, our life.

As the force of the jump began to weaken, and gravity began to take its toll, I swung my arms to the side, towards the orb and releasing Yuka, hopefully giving her the extra distance that I seemed to have not got, signified by the rapidly increasing speed of which the floor was approached, just like a few days ago. Unfortunately, my head was pointed towards the ground, so I couldn’t see any of the dramatics going on above, not to mention the boost I had given to Yuka had caused me to spiral towards the earth, making this trip towards death extra horrible.

In a familiar fashion though, as I was a few metres away from the ground though, everything began to slow down before freezing completely.

Oh, this horrible tormenting wait before my painful death.

Something was odd, I could still hear things, such as the barrages of bullets and lasers going on above, that means that I stopped falling someh-

“Are you going to thank me, or what?” A voice spoke, causing me to smile immensely.

I felt myself lift in the air, caused by a, now apparently, grip on my leg. Once lifted, I found myself face to face with the green haired, red eyed youkai named Yuka Kazami.

“Don’t you ever do anything like that ever again, you nearly died!” She shouted at me, “Anyway...” Yuka lowered me slightly, before suddenly launching me into the sky, aim perfect, towards the orb, which was now duller, obviously since Yuka had already retrieved her powers.

As I touched the orb, I suddenly felt myself fill with energy and immediately I stopped in the air, now able to control my aerial movements, I was now, just like Yuka, a youkai again.

Yuka flew up beside me, and it wasn’t long before Yukari let out a scream of frustration, “Ran, you blew it, look at them!” The Kitsune was suddenly scooped away by a gap leaving just 5 of us, the two trapped in the bubble.

“I’ve had enough of this, nothing’s gone to plan!” Yukari screamed, completely unstable and causing bullets to appear in all directions through a multitude of gaps.

“Haru, stay back, it’s time for us to finish this.” Yuka ordered, as she flew forward to support Mima and Marisa.

As lasers and bullets were traded by either side, in a fight I could barely keep track of, suddenly Yukari waved her arm completely, and a larger gap appeared, and from it, Ran began to be catapulting from gap to gap, now one more projectile to dodge for the trio.

“We’re not done yet!” Yukari shouted, as she spun in a circle, fan held in her arm, that pattern seemed to rearrange the gaps, causing them to surround the three opponents, launching bullets from all sides, were I stuck in there also, I’d have probably been struck by every other bullet, but those in the situation seemed to have no problem, and even returned fire at Yukari once in a while.

A minute of constant dodging later, Yukari was, once again, caught by the edge of a laser.

“Fine! Fine!” She screamed.

Yukari held her arms out to the sides, causing hundreds upon hundreds of gaps to appear alongside her. “Time for more fun!” She shouted, maniacally, and then even more bullets erupted from the mass of portals, this had truly become a battle of endurance as millions upon millions of bullets of varying colours lit up the sky.

It was only then, that I noticed that in the sheer confusion of it all, Yukari had seemingly placed a gap behind the centre fighter, Yuka, and my concerns were confirmed when bullets rocketed from that gap, and Yuka hadn’t noticed either.

“Yuka, watch out!” I shouted, arm held out towards her.

Suddenly, a blast of light appeared behind Yuka, for a moment, blocking any clear visual I had of her. When I could see her clearly again, she was looking behind her, in a position to dodge the bullets that I thought were going to hit it, but looking thoroughly confused at what happened.

“Manipulation of light...” Yukari spoke, “Truly interesting.”

The crazed youkai clicked her fingers and all of the bullets suddenly stopped and faded away, “Ran, we’re going!” She shouted, as she grabbed the still projectile-like Ran by the tail as she passed and threw her into a gap. “Bye bye.” She said sinisterly, before crawling in a gap herself.

With this new-found peace, everything that happened began to sink in, and I moved over onto the roof of the building to join the others who had already landed.

“Is it over now?” I asked, as I landed.

“Looks like it!” Marisa shouted. “Good job on the powers! Dunno if I should be jealous!”

“Powers?” I mumbled, “You mean... flying and all that? I did that before.”

“Nah! I mean that big block of light you made appear out of nowhere, didn’t you hear what Yukari said, manipulation of light?” Marisa replied.

“That light, was me?” I asked, shocked at the outcome.

“Yes, it was.” Mima spoke out. “Manipulation of light and manipulation of flowers, doesn’t sound like too bad a team to me.” The spirit laughed.

“If you got a completely useless power, I was going to disown you.” Yuka grinned.

I was going to say something, when I noticed some movement over on the other side of the roof, and suddenly remembered. “Oh yeah, Mima, Marisa, there’s someone you should meet over there.” I spoke while pointing in the appropriate direction and it didn’t take long before, after almost 10 years, magic was facing science once again.

“It’s been a long time, Mima and Marisa.” Yumemi spoke.

“How’s things!?” Chiyuri shouted.

Marisa gave Chiyuri a high-five while Yumemi began to talk, “I must thank you all, despite being trapped in that thing, we managed to get all the data we could ever dream of, especially due to those... delightful fireworks at the end.”

“We should be thanking you too, Yuka and I would have been doomed had you not helped us, on more than one occasional.” I spoke out.

“Call it even then!” Chiyuri shouted.

The pleasant atmosphere was shattered by a strange groaning noise, “Now what?” Yuka hissed.

“The gap.” Mima replied, “It would appear Yukari has abandoned it, and it’s beginning to close on its own, we don’t have much time left.”

“It would appear that this is goodbye then.” Yumemi spoke, sounding rather down.

I paused for a moment, “There’s one other option, you come to Gensokyo with us, you said you’d like to go back, and this is a one way ticket there!”

Yumemi looked at the gap, the sky and then finally Chiyuri, who simply nodded once.

“I am going to have to decline your offer.” Yumemi spoke.

“You are? Why?” I was quick to ask.

“We’ve spent 10 years trying to get to Gensokyo, I was 18 when I first got there, and I’m, like everything does, aging. I’m not magically gifted and before I know it, I won’t be in my prime any more; Gensokyo wouldn’t live up to what I expect from it. I hope you understand what I’m getting at.” Yumemi weakly smiled. “However, that’s not to say we’ve given up on the place, no. I’m going to test what you told me earlier today, you entered Gensokyo by keeping it in your mind when you died. We will do the same, when it’s our time to... kick the bucket so to speak, we’ve keep Gensokyo in our hearts, and if we’re lucky, then Gensokyo will have some scientific youkai!” She laughed afterwards.

“You’ll have the kappa to compete against then.” Marisa commented.

Chiyuri spoke up, “In the mean time, with this data, I think we can finally have some fun, maybe even prove some theories wrong, and maybe, just maybe, prove to those who betrayed us that we were right all along!”

Just like before, the mood was killed by the gap closing, “We need to leave, now.” Mima stated. “Sorry to be leaving so abruptly.”

“We understand, take care of yourselves.” Yumemi waved, as we walked away to the gap.

“See ya when we die!” Chiyuri shouted afterwards.

We bid our final farewells before jumping into the final gap in earth, placing us right in front of the Hakurei Shrine, right where we had first entered the outside world.

“You’re back, huh?” The lazy Reimu Hakurei spoke as she drunk some tea.

“Thanks for helping, oh faithful shrine maiden.” Mima snapped, as she walked by.

“No problem.”

Mima turned around, “And you need to do something about that Yakumo, she’s becoming a major problem.”

“Whatever.” Reimu replied.

Uncontrollably, I yawned, and now being back in my usual outfit, I was able to check the watch Yuka gave me, which showed it was already tomorrow morning here.

“I don’t about you, but I’m ready to go bed.” I mumbled.

Yuka looked at me, “You become a youkai, and the first thing you want to do is sleep. That’s... actually quite youkai-like actually...” She drifted off, as she realised her little insult wasn’t to work.

“Well then, come on Haru, let’s go.” Yuka ordered, as she turned away from the shrine.

As I walked beside her, I felt something grab my hand, and looked down to see Yuka was holding it, Yuka looked at me and then down at the hands, “Hmm, force of habit I guess.” She said simply, before returning to her uncaring state, not letting me go though.

It dawned on me then, that youkai can live for over a thousand years, Yuka being an example, and if something like this happens in the first week of becoming a youkai, I almost dread what has yet to come.
In the land of Gensokyo, deep in the forest, lay a(n almost) forgotten mansion, within which dwelled a genius, an immortal princess, and many rabbits. The mansion was peaceful(at least, as peaceful as things get in this particular setting), except for one specific person's... habit. It often boggled the genius as to why the princess would always kill(or be killed by) that person, most normal(both, however, being far from normal) people would have shrugged off the slight after the thousand or so years that had passed. It was quite a frequent disruption, and quite frankly, Eirin was getting quite sick of it. So, the genius did what the genius does and pulled together some resources and concocted a plan. A plan which, today, would come to sweet fruition.

“Princess,” Eirin peeked into Kaguya's room. “I have something to tell you.”

Kaguya stared dully into the monitor, tapping buttons on the control in her hands rapidly, with a popsicle stick hanging loosely from her lips(the popsicle itself had long since been eaten, but she couldn't be bothered to pause long enough to take it out of her mouth). “Yeah?” She muttered in a low tone of voice, pausing the game and turning towards the Brain of the Moon. “What is it?”

“Well~” Eirin started in an unusually singsong voice, “we're going to be doing some remodeling this week, on top of other things... so I figured it would be best if you stayed somewhere else for a little bit, alright?” She smiled broadly.

“Well, alright.” Kaguya shrugged. “I wouldn't really wanna stay here while all that's going on anyway. Too noisy.”

“Oh, I'm glad you agree.” Eirin nodded. “I've already pulled a few favors to get you a place to stay, and she should be arriving shortly, so could you please get ready?”

Kaguya shrugged again, not thinking to ask the most obvious question there was. The clock hadn't ticked a half-hour before she regretted it, staring at her most hated enemy in the foyer.

“HER?!” She shrieked. “You want me to stay with HER?!” Kaguya was outraged. And, to her credit, Mokou didn't seem at all pleased with this plan either, but she was going along with it for one reason or another.

“Yep!” Eirin chimed. She leaned in close to Kaguya and whispered, “and if she tells me that you've run off on her, or caused her trouble, a few 'accidents' are going to happen around your computer and TV, understand~?”

An utter look of horror passed over Kaguya's face. She turned towards Mokou and bowed stiffly, “please take care of me.”

“Uh...” Mokou was somewhat taken aback. “Yeah... sure... can we get goin'?” She picked up one of Kaguya's bags with one hand, and kept her other in her pants pocket. Kaguya picked up her remaining items and followed Mokou out the door.

“Have fun, you too~!” Eirin called after them, waving. “Be good!”

“Master...” a voice from behind Eirin said, “do you really think this will work?”

“We can only try, Udongein. Now, let's get to work, shall we?”

- - -

The sun had begun to fall in the sky when the two arrived at Mokou's house. The trip hadn't been long, so Kaguya had obviously lost track of time while playing games again. She had been under the impression that it was still the AM, but the painted sky clearly proved that theory to be incorrect. It was a rather small house, with a small push stand parked in the front.

“It's a yakitori stand.” Mokou stated flatly, spotting the bemusement on Kaguya's face. The fiery girl strode past her stand and straight into the house, and Kaguya followed. Mokou dropped what bags she had on the floor, turned with one hand firmly on her hip and the other still in her pocket, and said, “Do your best to say out of my way,” the irritation in her voice matched the look on Kaguya's face. “Oh, and make yourself at home,” Mokou added in an offhand manner.

While fully intending to stay as far from Mokou as possible during her stay, Kaguya found it was quite difficult to accomplish this task considering that Mokou's house consisted of a combo kitchen and living room, a bedroom, and a bathroom. After some fussing around, and a bit of yelling, the two eventually settled under opposite ends of Mokou's kotatsu, with their chins on the table, each facing firmly to their right.

It wasn't long until Kaguya got frustrated. “You have me at a disadvantage. Why don't you just kill me and spare us both the trouble.”

“I would have the second you got here if I could.” Mokou huffed. “Eirin said that if she caught wind of any fighting, that I'd regret it for the next thousand years. I owe her quite a few favors, anyway.”

The two went silent again, and near an hour had passed before Kaguya's stomach let out a great roar. The princess attempted to ignore it by burying her head in her arms, but she didn't realize that it only made her hunger look worse to her rival. Mokou silently stood and stepped into the kitchen half of the room. Kaguya vaguely listened to the sounds from the other side of the room. Clattering pots, running water, the burners of the stove kicking on. Hardly a half-hour had passed when a plate was set down in front of Kaguya.

The princess picked her head up from the dark recess created by the combined efforts of the table and her arms. In front of her was a plate of cooked rice, a few nuts, and some assorted vegetables. Kaguya gazed upon it with a blank(and somewhat spoiled) look on her face.

“What?” Mokou said through her own food. “It's not poisoned or anything.”

“It's not that.” Kaguya replied, picking up her chopsticks. She picked a few bits of food, placed it in her mouth, chewed, swallowed. “It's as plain as it looks...”

“You got a problem with that?” Mokou growled.

Kaguya furrowed her brow. “Tastes like crap. Don't you have anything else?”

“Take it or leave it,” Mokou hissed in return. “Or make your own damn dinner.”

“Hmph.” Kaguya stood, glaring. “Fine, I'll do just that, then.”

Mokou really hated Kaguya. She wanted to kill her. She wanted to kill her so badly, but she couldn't. So, instead, she accidentally took out her frustration on the poor innocent plate in front of her, shattering it and spreading the contents across the table. Kaguya sneered at her before taking off into the kitchen, fluttering about the fridge and cabinets. Mokou busied herself with cleaning up the shards of porcelain and bits of rice and vegetables.

Mokou deposited what she had gathered in the garbage, and returned to her spot at the kotatsu, burying her head in her arms. She had calmed down a bit, and she realized now that she seriously overreacted to nothing at all. If it had been anyone else, she would have just shrugged and ate her meal. But it wasn't just anyone else. It was that damn Kaguya. The mere sight of her set Mokou off. She wanted to kill her so badly, but... well, Mokou liked having a house. That, added with all of the other threats Eirin had piled on while asking for this “favor” made it worth it to house even Kaguya. She would just have to bear with it and try to control herself.

Kaguya worked silently in the kitchen. Mokou tried to ignore her rumbling stomach while the smell of cooking food wafted from the other side of the room. It seemed like ages passed when the sound of a plate being placed on the table in front of her roused her from her daze. Mokou peeked up to see a large rice ball and some fried vegetables in front of her, and another plate in front of Kaguya.

“...isn't this exactly what I made?” Mokou grumbled.

“Not at all.” Kaguya stated matter-of-factly. “You didn't use any herbs or spices, and you didn't fry the vegetables. They taste better that way. Also, the rice has something special in it. ...don't give me that look,” Kaguya retorted to Mokou's automatic, distrusting glare, “it's not poison.”

Mokou wanted to reject the meal in front of her, but honestly, she was too hungry to care anymore. She grabbed her chopsticks and grabbed for some vegetables. They tasted good. It was annoying, but they tasted good. Next was the rice ball. Mokou was surprised when she plucked off a bit and a string of warm cheese melted out from the interior of the ball. “What's this?”

“Recipe from the outside world. That gap youkai gave it to me a while ago.” Kaguya paused. “...is it good?”

Mokou swallowed. “You cooked it, so it pains me to admit it, but yes. It's very good.” The two continued to eat in silence, but something had been bugging Mokou. It wasn't until after they finished that she asked, “why did you make me anything?”

Kaguya shrugged. “There are certain formalities to be followed in someone else's home. Even if I hate you.”

“I had no idea you were so polite,” Mokou mused in a voice coming off more sarcastically than she intended. “Nor that you were a good cook.”

“It's a hobby. You need to go to the village tomorrow to get some more ingredients. I'd rather cook every night this week than eat your crap.”

“Fine by me.” Mokou shot back. “But you have to come with me.” Kaguya gave a quite predictable irritated look. “If you're so set on staying here,” Mokou continued before Kaguya could retort, “you can just eat my cooking.”

Kaguya glared fiercely before huffing a “fine”. Mokou gave a satisfied smile. It was much more fulfilling this way, instead of telling her that Eirin specifically requested that she didn't leave Kaguya by herself. Pleased with her small victory, Mokou gathered the dishes, took them to the kitchen, and washed them while Kaguya dozed on the table. Mokou set the plates in a rack to dry, and turned to find the Lunarian princess alseep.

“Hey.” She called. “Wake up. You'll catch a cold that way.”

Kaguya groaned. “What's it to you?”

“There's a futon for you in my bedroom.”

“We're sleeping in the same room...?”

“Unless you want to sleep on the kitchen floor, there's no room anywhere else.”

“Fine...” Kaguya yawned, and stood, waiting for Mokou to show the way. Mokou couldn't help but be slightly annoyed at this, because the bedroom door had been wide open the entire time and it was quite obvious where it was, but she just surmised that this must have been some sort of polite formality or something.

“Just go in already. I'll get your stuff.” Kaguya nodded and shuffled off into the bedroom, and Mokou went to grab the bags from in front of the door. With some effort—just what the hell did Kaguya bring?she brought the bags into her bedroom, only to find Kaguya standing in front of the two futons looking confused. It then dawned on Mokou that Kaguya had no way of knowing which futon was hers. Setting the bags down, Mokou strode over to her own futon and sat down upon it. Kaguya seemed to understand, and when to sift through her bags.

Shrugging, Mokou pulled her overall straps from her shoulders and began to unbutton her shirt. “W-W-What are you doing?!” Kaguya's frantic voice screeched.

“Huh?” Mokou slid her arms out of her shirt and threw it off in a corner. “Getting ready for bed.”

“But I'm standing right here!”

“What does it matter?” Mokou asked, pulling her overalls off. “We're both women.”

“Y-Yeah, but...”

“Wear whatever you want to bed, I don't care.” Mokou unclipped her bra, and slipped if off. “Just hurry up so I can turn out the light.”

Kaguya nodded, red faced, and began changing into some pajamas she had brought. “What are you doing?” She yelled again. “Stop staring!”

Mokou chuckled slightly. “Just wondering what the fabled beauty from the moon looks like underneath all of those clothes she wears.”

“Jeez,” Kaguya hissed, trying to change as quickly as possible. When she had finished, she dove into her futon and turned away from Mokou. “Good night,” she said in a firmly embarrassed voice.

“G'night.” Mokou chimed back, climbing into her own futon and turning out the light. All in all, it hadn't been as bad as she had expected, but it was only the first night, after all. She sighed slightly, wondering what was going to take place in the next week...

Youmu was hot. Really hot. Really, really, really hot. Not only that, but her head was throbbing. Pounding. Badum-badum-badum, and it was driving her mad. At least, it would normally, but she really didn't have the energy to move. Or care, really. Except that it hurt. It really hurt. And it was really hot. Her normally neat hair was a tangled mess, matted down by sweat. Maybe she should move? It took her much too long to notice, but there was a rather thick blanket on top of her. She pushed the covers from her eyes and immediately regretted her action. The sun was blinding and her head suddenly felt like it decided that evicting the brain from her skull via the eye sockets was a brilliant idea. She squinted her eyes against the light, sat up, and the blanket fell from her torso.

Youmu was cold. Really cold. Really, really, really cold. Not only that, but her stomach was churning. Twisting. Chrrg-chrrg-chrrg, and it was driving her mad. At least, it would normally, but the fact that her body couldn't decide whether to feel hot or cold was more annoying. She turned as far away from any source of light she could and waited for her throbbing head to stop throbbing and her churning stomach to stop churning. And for her blurry vision to stop... blurry-ing. She somehow knew the first two weren't going to happen any time soon, but at least her eyes began to clear up. She was... well, she honestly didn't know where she was. The building was wooden, but then again, most buildings are wooden. So, gradually, she tried to piece together the night before.

Well, that was her intent, at least. Her head started stampeding again, and she instinctively moved to rest her head in her hands. That's when she noticed that her clothes were missing. At first, she was shocked that her clothes were absent from her person, then she was worried as to where they might be, then she was annoyed for not noticing it earlier, and then she was just generally irritated. Her head concurred with her decision with a nice, mighty thump-thump-thump. She blearily took another look around the room. Her swords were haphazardly strewn on the floor, but as to her clothes, they weren't really anywhere in the room. It was then that she really became worried as to what had happened last night.

All she could really remember was something about a huge party at Reimu's. Was that where she was now? She wanted to investigate, but her head, stomach, and legs violently protested to this proposition. At the very least, she had a better idea of why she felt like she did. ...urk. Her spine shivered. ...urp. Her stomach grumbled. It was an unpleasant, yet not unfamiliar, sensation. She would have sighed, but opening her mouth didn't seem like an exactly pleasing prospect. She spotted a wooden pail. Better than the floor, but why was it across the room from her? Begrudgingly, she pulled the rest of her body out from underneath the blanket, shakily stood, and stumbled across the room to the pail, at which point she collapsed on to it and violently(and quite loudly) gave whatever the current contents of her stomach were the boot.

Her body continued to revolt against her as her stomach emptied into the pail. Virtually every part of her body now ached for one reason or another, it felt like the two halves of her brain were facing each other in danmaku, but at least her stomach was beginning to feel better. Even in her current state. Her stomach breaked for a moment, and she spat the vile tasting fluids from her mouth into the pail. Though, she could feel that it wasn't over yet. Uuuuurk.

It was sudden, but not unwelcome, when a soft hand began to rub her back during her stomach's second mutiny. Urk, hrrrk, but the hand kept gently rubbing until Youmu's stomach was nice and empty. "You done?" The hand asked. Youmu spat into the pail and nodded. "Good, good."

Youmu turned, curious as to who the hand's owner was. She was quite surprised to see Sayuka behind her, looking as horrible(and naked) as she felt. Sakuya tried to smile, but it was obvious from her paler-than-usual face(and body) that it was quite possibly beyond her realm of ability at the moment. "You look horrible." She said. "You should probably go back to be...urp." Urp? Sakuya's face suddenly grew even paler. Perhaps even paler than Youmu's own ghost-half. Sakuya's brow furrowed, and her eyes watered, and Youmu, full of understanding, moved aside to allow Sakuya use of the pail. All she found herself able to do was rub the back of her rival as Sakuya's stomach rebelled against the rest of her body.

“Wrong! All of this is totally wrong!” Reimu slapped the most recent print of Bunbunmaru news in front of Aya. The crow tengu shrugged.

“What's so wrong with it? It's all true.”

Reimu was livid. “I did NOT sleep with Marisa! Or Yukari! Or even Suika! Where the hell did you get THAT idea anyway?!”

“Your bedroom.” Aya responded flatly. The fierce slap across her face the next moment was entirely expected, prepared for, and possibly even deserved, despite the paper telling nothing but the truth. The door burst open the next moment, and a familiar black-white stood red-faced at the door.

“W-W-What the hell is this, ze?!” She stomped up next to Reimu and slapped another paper on top of the one the miko had brought. Behind the obviously embarrassed Marisa, was an equally embarrassed looking Alice, who looked as if she didn't know whether to yell, cry, or keep quiet. Aya couldn't blame her, though. She would probably feel the same way if she had done the things they had. “I didn't sleep with that armpit miko, or that stupid doll otaku, or that crazy devil-child, or that anemic shut-in!”

“Hey!” Reimu barked. “Don't openly insult people who you're standing next to!”

The door slammed open yet again. Aya sighed, wondering how much more the poor thing could take before breaking. In walked the scarlet-faced residents of the mansion on the lake. They, too, followed the trend of stomping across the room and slapping a paper on her desk.

Knowledge was the first to start speaking: “I did not sleep with that black-white rat!” She shrieked. “I absolutely did NOT” she was interrupted by a violent fit of coughing.

“Patchouli-sama, please calm down,” Sakuya sighed as she cleaned the blood leaking through Patchouli's hands with a handkerchief. Remilia sighed.

“You should really keep people's personal lives out of your paper... it might cause you trouble.” Something in the Scarlet Devil's voice unnerved Aya. Maybe it was a hint from Remilia's fate-reading?

“You're the first to not deny anything.” Aya noted.

Remilia giggled in an unusually girlish manner. “It's not like it was any secret in the first place. Isn't that right, Sakuya?”

Sakuya turned a few shades of red darker. “Yes, mistress. But there is one problem I would like to address.”

“Oh?” Aya perked her eyebrow. In the blink of an eye, Sakuya was leaning across Aya's desk with a knife to her throat.

“I. Absolutely. Did. Not. TOUCH. That. Person.” She said, drawing out every last syllable. The door, almost as if on cue, flew open again.

“Onee-sama~!” A girlish voice yelled out. “How could you deny your love for me~?!” A flash, and a thud, and Youmu was on the ground with a knife in her head. “Ahh~!” She fauned, “Onee-sama's love is so harsh, but so worth it~!”

“I don't know what to tell you.” Aya shrugged. “You were drunk.”

Sakuya whirled around. “No amount of alcohol!”

“Really drunk.” Aya asserted.

“I refuse to”

“You drank straight from Suika's gourd.”

“...” Sakuya looked shocked. Followed by a look of acceptance, then a look of sorrow and loathing. Without a word, she turned and began to throw knife after knife at the half-ghost on the ground.

“Ah~! Ow~! Oo~! Onee-samaa~!”

“Please stop getting turned on in my office,” Aya sighed.

The complaints kept piling in, until almost every notable face in Gensokyo was crowded and stuffed into her office. Not only was there hardly enough room to move, but the fact was that so many powerful people who may or may not be on the best terms with one another were now bumping into each other, rubbing against each other, and yelling at each other. Ironically, most of them had been in bed with one another, too. Aya was at a loss. There was no escape from the room, now. Maybe she should pray to a God? Suwako was the closest, but how fruitful would that turn out? It would make a good story, at least.

“Dammit, Mokou, stop rubbing my ass!” Kaguya, currently the closest to the desk, screamed out.

“I can't help it, there's no room to move!” A retort came from behind her.

“You damn perverted...!”

“Shut up, you idiot NEET!”

Kaguya whirled around, knocking quite a few items on Aya's desk around. The tengu simply sighed and attempted to rearrange what she could. In front of her, Kaguya and Mokou were staging a face-off, but due to the close proximity, their faces were dangerously close, so close that the tips of their noses were rubbing against each other. Maybe it was how close they were. Maybe it was the heat in the room. Maybe it was the memories of what they were doing the previous night. Maybe it was a mix of all three, but in a moment, Mokou had advanced on a suddenly willing Kaguya, and begun reaching her hands under the princess's garb.

Aya opened her mouth to yell at the two to get a room, but various other cries alerted her to the fact that her office was going to become the room of not only the two in front of her, but seemingly everyone else in her office. Moans flew around as frequently as clothing, and Aya could only watch in a stunned disbelief. Her first reaction was to bury her head in her desk. Her second was to cry. Her third was to scream. But, as she regained her senses, she realized that there was only one proper course of action for a situation like this.

Aya grabbed her camera and let the shutter fly like it never had before.
“Heyy!” The intrusive black-white yelled out as she strode in through the door. “How ya doin' Patchy?”

Patchouli sighed, and solemnly shut the book she had been reading. “The rat creeps in again, I see. What a useless gate guard.”

Marisa laughed. “China didn't even see me this time, ze. I came around back.”

“What have you come to steal this time, rat?” Patchouli rasped. She had tried to sound more fierce, but it just came off as weak, yet annoyed.

“Nothin'.” Marisa grinned. “I only borrow, ze! B-O-R-R-O-W! But I have plenty of books for now.”

“So, why are you here?”

“Is there something wrong with a friend visiting a friend, ze?”

Patchouli sighed. “Since when have we ever been 'friends'?”

Marisa took the liberty of seating herself at the table Patchouli had been reading at. “Haven't we been friends for a while? You're in a bad mood today, ze.” Patchouli grumbled something intelligible and opened her book again. Marisa sighed, leaned back in her chair, and stretched her arms and legs out. “You should go outside more, ze. You can't learn everything from books.”

“That's nonsense.” Patchouli tossed back. “You can learn everything from books, so there's no need for me to go anywhere.”

Marisa smiled broadly. “If I can find something you can't learn about from a book, will you come outside with me?”

“Fine, whatever. It's impossible, so I'll agree if you'll keep quiet.” Patchouli spoke without looking up from the book she was reading.

“What's a flower smell like?” Marisa asked immediately. Patchouli sighed. It looked like the rat wasn't going to stop squeaking, after all. Where was a cat when you needed one?

“Fragrant and sweet.” Patchouli said monotonically.

“What's it like to play in a stream, ze?”

“Splashing each other, and fishing. Best done on hot summer days because the water is so cold.” Patchouli turned the page.

“Doesn't that sound fun?”

“Not really.”

A silence fell between the two. Marisa began rocking on the back legs of the chair, staring thoughtfully at the ceiling. More than once, Patchouli caught herself peeking curiously over her book at the witch so determined to think of a question that she could not answer. Eventually, Patchouli herself began trying to think of a question she could not answer. It was infuriating. Even when she wasn't talking, Marisa found some way to disturb her reading.

There simply wasn't anything that Patchouli couldn't learn about in a book. Magic, military tactics, history, information from the outside world, herbology, chemistry, if it had a name, she could recite information about it more accurately than an encyclopedia. Even if Marisa had been stealing her books, there wasn't any way she could know about anything that Patchouli hadn't already previously studied, especially with her short lifespan. She felt confident in this assumption, but the glowing, mischievous grin that had suddenly cropped onto Marisa's face seemed to cripple this confidence a bit.

Marisa stood, and turned towards Patchouli. “Can you tell me what love is like?”

Patchouli blinked. She recognized the word, of course, but the definitions in her dictionaries were rather vague. She had seen it as a subject of many novels—when she felt that she needed a break from study, she would read a novel to pass the time—but, it seemed to shift meanings in each book and between each character. Patchouli opened her mouth, and then closed it again. Was it something personal? Something definite? Patchouli furrowed her brow. Marisa laughed softly.

“So you don't know, ze? Looks like I won.”

“I...” Patchouli started, but she couldn't find any words to follow up with.

Marisa grabbed one of Patchouli's hands and pulled her up from her seat. “A deal's a deal, ze. You're coming outside, now.”

“Wai... wait...” Patchouli struggled against Marisa's grasp.

“Jeez.” Marisa let go of Patchouli's arm and turned to face her. “You wanna know what love is, ze?” She took a step closer. “You really wanna know?” She leaned forward, and her face was inches away from Patchouli's own. “If you come with me...” Centimeters away, now, and Patchouli could feel her pulse race and her breath become short, “...I'll show you.” Marisa finished in a whisper, before leaning back and looking at Patchouli from a normal distance.

Patchouli struggled to regain her breath, and had unconsciously placed a hand over her chest. Marisa extended a hand towards her. Patchouli attempted to convince herself that it was simply her thirst for knowledge that caused her to take the hand offered and enter daylight, but that excuse only worked for the first week.
